UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
710,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@TPGallery will kick off their Spring season from 25 Mar with the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022… https://t.co/rwyooxHE1G,nan,@TPGallery will kick off their Spring season from 25 Mar with the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022… https://t.co/rwyooxHE1G,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Spring season', '25 Mar', 'rwyooxHE1G', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Spring season', '25 Mar', 'rwyooxHE1G']",2022-03-14,2022-03-21,Unknown
749,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse and Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom have settled securities transactions using different blockchain protocols.,nan,Deutsche Boerse and Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom have settled securities transactions using different blockchain protocols.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom', 'different blockchain protocols', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'securities transactions', 'Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom', 'different blockchain protocols', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'securities transactions']",2022-03-15,2022-03-21,Unknown
784,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Brian Rosenberg  Qontigo’s Chief Revenue Officer  and other Deutsche Börse Group leaders participated at an info se… https://t.co/7MTgfCo2wP,nan,Brian Rosenberg  Qontigo’s Chief Revenue Officer  and other Deutsche Börse Group leaders participated at an info se… https://t.co/7MTgfCo2wP,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['other Deutsche Börse Group leaders', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'Brian Rosenberg', 'Qontigo', 'info', 'MTgfCo2wP', 'other Deutsche Börse Group leaders', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'Brian Rosenberg', 'Qontigo', 'info', 'MTgfCo2wP']",2022-03-16,2022-03-21,Unknown
818,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@TedKempCNBC @LesliePicker @smeredith19 Doesn’t matterEuroclear and Clearstream won’t accept RUB as a valid currencyDTC only handles USD,nan,@TedKempCNBC @LesliePicker @smeredith19 Doesn’t matterEuroclear and Clearstream won’t accept RUB as a valid currencyDTC only handles USD,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['valid currency', 'TedKempCNBC', 'LesliePicker', 'smeredith19', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RUB', 'DTC', 'USD', 'valid currency', 'TedKempCNBC', 'LesliePicker', 'smeredith19', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RUB', 'DTC', 'USD']",2022-03-17,2022-03-21,Unknown
992,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/u267aqkOBF,nan,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/u267aqkOBF,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'u267aqkOBF', 'German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'u267aqkOBF']",2022-03-18,2022-03-21,Unknown
1039,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,nan,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h', 'Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h']",2022-03-19,2022-03-21,Unknown
1040,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank and MEAG have piloted a post-trade securities transaction via tokens.,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank and MEAG have piloted a post-trade securities transaction via tokens.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['post-trade securities transaction', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'MEAG', 'tokens', 'post-trade securities transaction', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'MEAG', 'tokens']",2022-03-19,2022-03-21,Unknown
1049,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,#BoycottRussia Deutsche Telekom employs in St. Petersburg russians on a large scale and has decided to stay in Rus… https://t.co/Gin0IuUo46,nan,#BoycottRussia Deutsche Telekom employs in St. Petersburg russians on a large scale and has decided to stay in Rus… https://t.co/Gin0IuUo46,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,True,English,"['Deutsche Telekom', 'St. Petersburg', 'large scale', 'russians', 'Gin0IuUo46', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'St. Petersburg', 'large scale', 'russians', 'Gin0IuUo46']",2022-03-20,2022-03-21,Unknown
1050,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@Boycott_RU @jakluge @MelnykAndrij @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its IT from Russia. Deutsche Tele… https://t.co/Ht8YEyBjIR,nan,@Boycott_RU @jakluge @MelnykAndrij @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its IT from Russia. Deutsche Tele… https://t.co/Ht8YEyBjIR,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Tele', 'Boycott_RU', 'jakluge', 'MelnykAndrij', 'IT', 'Russia', 'Ht8YEyBjIR', 'Deutsche Tele', 'Boycott_RU', 'jakluge', 'MelnykAndrij', 'IT', 'Russia', 'Ht8YEyBjIR']",2022-03-20,2022-03-21,Unknown
1069,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-2022-03-21/,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Reuters.com,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,"LONDON  March 21 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterFnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext (ENX.PA) and the London Stock Exchange Group .Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander (SAN.MC)  BNY Mellon (BK.N)  Barclays (BARC.L)  CIBC (CM.TO)  Commerzbank (CBKG.DE)  Credit Suisse (CSGN.S)  ING (INGA.AS)  KBC Group (KBC.BR)  Lloyds Banking Group   Mizuho Bank (8411.T)  MUFG Bank (8306.T)  Nasdaq (NDAQ.O)  State Street Corporation (STT.N)  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (8316.T) and UBS (UBSG.S).($1 = 0.9062 euros)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund BlairOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Reuters', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Securities settlement house', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'The Bank', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'digital securities', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'BK.N', 'BARC.L', 'CBKG.DE', 'Credit Suisse', 'INGA.AS', 'KBC.BR', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'NDAQ.O', 'STT.N', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'ENX.', 'MC', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'CSGN', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,reuters.com
1070,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-001051591.html,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of...,"By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Securities settlement house Euroclear', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'digital securities', 'Huw Jones', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Edmund Blair', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1071,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/huhtam-ki-oyj-notice-annual-070000975.html,Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 21.3.2022 AT 9:00 EET Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of...,"Huhtamäki OyjHUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 21.3.2022 AT 9:00 EETHuhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the ""Company"") to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022 at 11.00 a.m. (EEST) at the Company's headquarters at Revontulenkuja 1  02100 Espoo  Finland. The Board of Directors of the Company has decided that  due to the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be held under exceptional meeting procedures based on the Finnish temporary legislative act (375/2021).The Annual General Meeting will be held without shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue to ensure the health and safety of shareholders  personnel and other stakeholders. Shareholders of the Company and their proxy representatives may participate in the meeting and exercise shareholder rights only through voting in advance as well as by making counterproposals and presenting questions in advance. Instructions for shareholders are presented in this notice under section C. ""Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting"".Shareholders are also invited to follow a webcast after the Annual General Meeting starting at 2.00 p.m. (EEST)  during which the Chair of the Board of Directors and other Company representatives will cover Huhtamaki's 2021 key initiatives and results  and the shareholders have the opportunity to present questions. The instructions regarding the webcast are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com). Please note that the webcast is not regarded as a part of the Annual General Meeting. Any questions which shareholders wish to present under Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act are therefore required to be asked in advance in accordance with the instructions presented in this notice under section C. ""Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting"".Story continuesA. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Chair of the Annual General Meeting will be Seppo Kymäläinen  Attorney-at-law. In case Seppo Kymäläinen would not be able to act as the Chair of the Annual General Meeting for a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will name another person it deems most suitable to act as the Chair.3. Election of the person to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votesThe person to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes will be Sami Pauni  Group General Counsel. In case Sami Pauni would not be able to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes for a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will name another person it deems most suitable to act in that role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesThe shareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and who have the right to participate in the meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Companies Act will be recorded to have been represented at the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report for the year 2021As participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the Annual Report published by the Company on March 1  2022  including the Company's Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report  which is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com)  will be deemed to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that an aggregate dividend of EUR 0.94 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2021. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.47 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment April 29  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be on May 6  2022.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.47 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 3  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be on October 10  2022.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company's liquidity position is good and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company's ability to fulfill its obligations.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesAs participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the Remuneration Report 2021  which was published in connection with the Annual Report on March 1  2022  will be deemed to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Report is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com). The resolution concerning the adoption of the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 160 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 75 000 and to the other members EUR 62 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 15 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 000 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 000 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 500. In addition  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Except for the increase of the annual remuneration to the Chair of the Board of Directors from EUR 140 000 to EUR 160 000  the remuneration of the Board of Directors would be maintained at its current level. Traveling expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders' Nomination Board recommends all members of the Board of Directors to own shares of Huhtamäki Oyj.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas  Ms. Sandra Turner and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Mercedes Alonso and Mr. Heikki Takala would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice Chair of the Board.Ms. Mercedes Alonso (born 1966) acts as Executive Vice President  Renewable Polymers and Chemicals  and Member of the Executive Committee at Neste Corporation (2019–). Before that she worked at LyondellBasell as Marketing Director  Advanced Polymer Solutions  Europe (2019) and in several different executive roles at A. Schulman (2013–2019) and at Dow Chemical (1991–2013). Ms. Alonso acts as a Board member of Cefic (European Chemical Industry Council) (2020–). Ms. Alonso holds a M.Sc. (Chem). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Heikki Takala (born 1966) acts in various advisory roles for private equity and strategy consulting companies. Before that he acted as President and CEO at Amer Sports (2010–2020)  and in several different executive roles at Procter & Gamble (1992–2010)  the latest position being Managing Director  Global Commercial Operations  P&G Professional. Mr. Takala acts as a Board member of Paulig Group (2021–). Mr. Takala holds a M.Sc. (Econ). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) at the Investors section.All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor's remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.15. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2022. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company's own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2023.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  and may deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2023.18. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice and the Company's Remuneration Report are available on Huhtamäki Oyj's website (www.huhtamaki.com). The Annual Report  which includes the Company's Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on May 11  2022  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGIn accordance with exceptional meeting procedures based on the Finnish temporary legislative act (375/2021)  the Annual General Meeting will be organized so that the shareholders and their proxies will not be present at the meeting venue. Shareholders and their proxies will also not be able to participate in the Annual General Meeting through real-time telecommunications. Shareholders and their proxies can participate in the Annual General Meeting and use their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in the manner instructed below.1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 13  2022 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company. Shareholders cannot participate in the Annual General Meeting by any other means than voting in advance  as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in the manner instructed below.2. Registration and advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on March 28  2022 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest  following the deadline for submitting counterproposals. A shareholder with a Finnish book-entry account who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance no later than April 20  2022 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration and votes need to have been received.When registering  requested information  such as the name  personal identification number  address and telephone number of the shareholder as well as requested information on a possible proxy representative such as the name and personal identification number of the proxy representative  must be provided. The personal data given by the shareholder to Huhtamäki Oyj and Euroclear Finland Ltd will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder may register and vote in advance within the registration and advance voting period by the following means:a. Through the website of Huhtamäki Oyj at www.huhtamaki.comFor natural persons  registration and advance voting through the website requires strong electronic authentication. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  strong electronic authentication is not required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  registration requires strong electronic authentication of the authorized representative  which can be conducted with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b. By email or mailA shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Ltd by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by letter to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Yhtiökokous  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki. If the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by sending the votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Ltd in the manner instructed above  this also constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder simultaneously provides the information required for registration mentioned above.Instructions relating to the advance voting are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may also participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative. The proxy representative of a shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance on behalf of the shareholder in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Yhtiökokous  PL 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland  before the end of the registration period  by which time the documents must be received by Euroclear Finland Ltd.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal person shall authorize an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must then identify himself or herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic authorization is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication can be conducted with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which s/he on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on April 13  2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd by April 22  2022 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST)  at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the Company's shareholders' register by the time stated above at the latest. In addition  the account management organization of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one hundredth of all the shares in the Company have the right to make a counterproposal concerning the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting to be placed for a vote. Such counterproposals are required to be sent to the Company by email to agm@huhtamaki.com no later than March 25  2022 at 12.00 noon (EET). In connection with making a counterproposal  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding. The counterproposal will be placed for a vote subject to the shareholders who made the proposal having the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholders hold at least one hundredth of all shares in the Company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. Should the counterproposal not be placed for a vote at the Annual General Meeting  advance votes in favor of the proposal will not be taken into account. The Company will publish possible counterproposals to be put to a vote on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) no later than March 28  2022.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting. Such questions must be sent by email to agm@huhtamaki.com no later than April 11  2022 at 12.00 noon (EEST). Such questions from shareholders  the Company's management's answers to them  and any counterproposals that have not been placed for a vote are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) on April 14  2022 at the latest. In connection with asking questions and making counterproposals  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding.Information on the Annual General Meeting required by the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).At the time of the announcement of this notice on March 21  2022  the total number of shares and votes in Huhtamäki Oyj is 107 760 385  which includes 3 395 709 own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. Such own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries do not have voting rights at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting will not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of such shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  March 21  2022Huhtamäki OyjThe Board of DirectorsFurther information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872About HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a key global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world  enabling wellbeing and convenience. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  ensuring hygiene and safety  and help prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 38 countries and 114 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of 19 600 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2021 net sales totaled EUR 3.6 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.33,0.28,0.39,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Seppo Kymäläinen', 'Finnish temporary legislative act', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Group General Counsel', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', ""proxy representatives' presence"", 'advance voting period', 'other Company representatives', 'other stakeholders', 'financial period', 'Annual Report', 'aggregate dividend', 'meeting venue', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'shareholder rights', '2021 key initiatives', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'Sami Pauni', 'balance sheet', 'two instalments', 'record date', 'payment date', 'section C.', 'The Board', ""Directors' Report"", '9:00 EET', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'EEST', 'headquarters', 'Revontulenkuja', '02100 Espoo', 'health', 'safety', 'personnel', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Chair', 'Huhtamaki', 'results', 'opportunity', 'website', 'Chapter', 'accordance', 'Story', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'law', 'case', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Sections', 'information', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'year', 'participation', 'March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'Octo', '11.00', '2.00']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1072,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-swedish-091900558.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Swedish Match AB (publ),The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27 ...,"STOCKHOLM  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic  the AGM will be conducted pursuant to so called mail-in procedures  meaning that no shareholders will attend the AGM in person or through proxy. Instead  shareholders can participate in the AGM by voting and submitting questions in advance pursuant to the instructions described below.In order to participate in the AGM  a shareholder mustbe registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  April 19  2022  and notify attendance at the AGM no later than Tuesday  April 26  2022.The exercise of voting rights in accordance with the mail-in procedure will be considered as a notification from the shareholder to attend the meeting.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the names of banks or other nominees must temporarily register the shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate in the AGM via the mail-in process. Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday  April 21  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the shareholders' register.The shareholders may request in the advance voting form that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such general meeting shall take place if the AGM so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so requests.A. Overview of Mail-In procedures for the AGMDue to the COVID-19 pandemic and in order to ensure the health and safety of the Company's shareholders  employees and other stakeholders  the Board of Directors of Swedish Match AB has resolved on extraordinary meeting procedures pursuant to Section 22 of the temporary act on general meetings (2022:121) (the ""Temporary Act""). Specifically  the following procedures will apply:Story continuesThe AGM will take place on Wednesday  April 27  2022. However  no shareholders  proxy holders or other external persons will be able to attend in person. Shareholders will only be able to participate in the AGM by voting on the matters and the proposals on the meeting agenda and submitting questions to the Company in advance. See Section B  below  for more details on how. The Agenda for the AGM is as set forth below in Section C  with certain items being further explained in Section D. There will be no webcast in connection with the AGM. A press release will be issued following the AGM informing of those material items that are approved by the AGM as soon as the outcome of the mail-in voting procedure has been finally established. Details of the actual voting results will be included in the minutes of the meeting and will be published within two weeks thereafter.At the time of the issue of this Notice of AGM  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 1 580 000 000 shares  corresponding to 1 580 000 000 votes in total. The Company holds 56 184 810 shares as of the date of this notice which may not be represented at the Meeting.B. Process for Advanced voting and QuestionsA shareholder can exercise its shareholder's rights at the AGM by in advance (A) voting on the items on the agenda of the AGM  and (B) submitting questions to the Company.Any registered shareholder intending to participate in the AGM (via advanced voting or questions)  must submit the following information in connection with their respective submissions:the shareholder's name personal or organization number postal address email address  andtelephone number.The data received will be computerized and used solely for the purpose of the 2022 AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.For shareholders wishing to participate through an authorized representative (i.e.  where such authorized representative is the one submitting advanced voting or questions on behalf of such shareholder)  the Company will provide power of attorney templates on the Company's website. Shareholders participating through an authorized representative must submit the power of attorney together with the voting form or question. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be enclosed.B1. Advance votingAdvance voting will be available up until and including Tuesday  April 26  2022. A shareholder can vote in advance by any of the following three methods:Website voting: Voting may be done electronically through signing with BankID on the website of Euroclear Sweden AB https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy Email voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and then emailing such form to the following email address GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above). Regular mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above) to the following address  Swedish Match AB (publ)  ""Advance voting 2022 AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O.191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden.A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the advanced voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The advanced voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Tuesday  April 26  2022. If received later  the vote will be disregarded.For questions regarding advance voting  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  ph.+46 (0)8 402 90 42 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (CET) weekdays.B2. QuestionsQuestions to the Company can be submitted to Swedish Match up until and including Sunday  April 17  2022. Shareholders wishing to pose questions may do so by any of the following methods:Email: Questions may be submitted by emailing to the following email address investorrelations@swedishmatch.com. Regular mail: Questions may be submitted by regular mail to the following address  Swedish Match AB  ""AGM 2022""  Att: Group Communication  SE-118 85 Stockholm  Sweden.The shareholder must include name of the shareholder and personal or organization number for the question to be answered. The shareholder should also state its postal address  email address and telephone number.Questions submitted by shareholders must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Sunday  April 17  2022  and will be responded to and published not later than on Friday  April 22  2022. The questions and responses will be available at the Company  Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden and on the Company's website  www.swedishmatch.com/agm  and will be sent to the shareholder provided the shareholder's address is known by the Company or provided by the shareholder together with the question.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  upon request of a shareholder  and provided that the Board of Directors deems this can be done without causing major harm to the Company  inform about matters which might affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or circumstances affecting Swedish Match's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or about Swedish Match's relation to another Group entity  or in relation to the consolidated annual report.C. AgendaOpening of the Meeting and election of the Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the Agenda. Resolution on the Remuneration report. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution regarding allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution on a record day for dividend. Resolution regarding discharge from liability in respect of the Board members and the President. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the Meeting. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors. Election of members of the Board and the Chairman of the Board. Resolution regarding the number of auditors. Resolution regarding remuneration to the auditor. Election of auditor. Resolution regarding: Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue new shares.D. ProposalsProposal for resolution under Item 1The Nominating Committee proposes Björn Kristiansson  attorney at law  as the Chairman of the Meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the Nominating Committee.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the general meeting shareholders' register and received advance votes  and verified by the persons assigned to check the minutes.Proposal for resolution under Item 3The Board of Directors proposes that two minute-checkers be elected  and that Filippa Gerstädt and Peter Lundkvist are elected  or  if someone or both of them are unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by Swedish Match's Board of Directors.Proposal for resolution under Item 7Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.Proposal for resolution under Item 8The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.86 (1.50) per share is distributed to the shareholders in two equal payments of SEK 0.93 per share and that the remaining profits are carried forward. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be on Friday  April 29  2022  and for the second payment on Monday  November 14  2022. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that Euroclear Sweden AB will execute the first payment on Wednesday  May 4  2022  and the second payment on Thursday  November 17  2022.Proposal for resolution under Item 10The Nominating Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall be down-sized from eight to seven members and no deputies.Proposal for resolution under Item 11The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors will be awarded as follows for the period until the Annual General Meeting 2023 (2021 resolved remuneration within brackets). The Chairman of the Board will be awarded 2 365 000 SEK (2 252 000)  and the other Board members elected by the Meeting shall each be awarded 945 000 SEK (900 000). Furthermore  the Nominating Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Audit Committee will be awarded 383 000 SEK (364 000) and the other members of the Audit Committee will be awarded 164 000 SEK (156 000) each  and that the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee will be awarded 306 000 SEK (291 000) and the other members of the Remuneration Committee 154 000 SEK (146 000) each.Proposal for resolution under Item 12The Nominating Committee proposes re-election of the following members of the Board of Directors for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023: Charles A. Blixt  Jacqueline Hoogerbrugge  Conny Karlsson  Alexander Lacik  Pauline Lindwall  and Joakim Westh. Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae is proposed to be elected as new member of the Board of Directors. Conny Karlsson is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.Andrew Cripps and Wenche Rolfsen have declined re-election.Proposal for resolution under Item 13The Nominating Committee proposes the number of auditors to be one and no deputy auditor.Proposal for resolution under Item 14The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved accounts.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Nominating Committee proposes the re-election of the auditor company Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 a)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity to be used as resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Item b) below. The Board of Directors proposes to reduce the Company's share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK by means of cancellation of 55 000 000 shares in the Company. All shares that are proposed to be cancelled are held by the Company. The resolution to reduce the share capital under this Item a) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the Company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue  as set out under Item b) below  with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with  as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 b)With the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under Item a) above  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK through a bonus issue. The bonus issue shall be carried out with the amount being transferred from non-restricted equity without the issuance of new shares. The reason for the bonus issue is that if the Company transfers an amount corresponding to the amount by which the share capital is reduced in accordance with the Board's proposal under item 16 a) above  the resolution to reduce the share capital may be passed without obtaining permission from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (sw. Bolagsverket)  or  in disputed cases  the court. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 a) is a reduction in the Company's share capital of 13 559 080.98 SEK. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 b) is a corresponding increase in the Company's share capital through a bonus issue  thereby restoring it to its balance prior to the reduction  as well as a change in the quotient value of the Company's share from approximately 0.25 SEK to approximately 0.26 SEK.Resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Items 16 a)-b) above shall be adopted as a joint resolution and require approval by shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. The Board further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board to make such minor adjustments to the above resolutions as may be required to file the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolutions.Proposal for resolution under Item 17The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting  provided that the Company's holding does not at any time exceed 10 percent of all shares in the Company. The shares shall be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time  i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. The purpose of the repurchasing right is primarily to enable the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs over time  and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors shall be able to resolve that a purchase of own shares shall be made within a repurchase program in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (""MAR"") and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (the ""Safe Harbour Regulation"") if the purpose of the purchase only is to decrease the Company´s equity.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 17 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 18The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on transfer of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting.The shares may only be transferred in conjunction with the financing of company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions  and the transfers may not exceed the maximum number of treasury shares held by the Company at any given time. Transfer of own shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time (i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price) at the time of the decision regarding the transfer and in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Stockholm or the relevant market. Transfer of own shares can also be made in another manner in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations  where transfer of own shares may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Payment for shares transferred in this manner may be made in cash or through a non-cash issue or offsetting of claims against the Company  or on other specific terms. The reason for the authorization and deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is  where appropriate  to be able to transfer shares in conjunction with the financing of any company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions in a cost-efficient manner.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 18 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 19The Board of Directors proposes it be authorized to  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  to issue new ordinary shares on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from shareholders' preferential rights and against payment in cash  in kind or by set-off. The number of shares that may be issued may not exceed a maximum dilution effect of 10 percent of the share capital and votes at the time of the Annual General Meeting 2022. The reasons for the authorization and deviation from shareholders' preferential rights are that the Board wishes to increase the Company's financial flexibility and to allow the Company to issue common shares as payment in connection with acquisitions the Company might make. The subscription price shall be determined according to prevailing market conditions at the time the shares are issued.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 19 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Other informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report and the Board of Directors' complete proposal including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  section 4 of the Companies Act  as well as other documentation  which  according to the Companies Act  shall be made available at the Annual General Meeting will be made available at Swedish Match headquarters (Legal Department) at Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden  no later than Wednesday  April 6  2022. The documents will be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states its address. All the above documents will be available on the Company's website  https://www.swedishmatch.com/ and be presented at the Annual General Meeting.The share register will be available at Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden.Proxy formProxy forms are available upon request and on the Company's website https://www.swedishmatch.com/.Stockholm  March 2022Swedish Match AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsContact:Emmett Harrison  Senior Vice President Investor RelationsOffice +46 70 938 0173This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/swedish-match/r/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab--publ- c3528439The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/2004/3528439/1550939.pdf Swedish Match AGM Notice 2022CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab-publ-301506454.htmlSOURCE Swedish Match",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.21,0.41,0.38,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Match AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Match AB', 'other external persons', 'following three methods', 'actual voting results', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Such general meeting', 'extraordinary meeting procedures', 'advance voting form', 'Voting rights registration', 'general meetings', 'other nominees', 'other stakeholders', 'following procedures', 'Advanced voting', 'Reg. No.', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'one tenth', 'A. Overview', 'Mail-In procedures', 'temporary act', 'press release', 'two weeks', 'respective submissions', 'organization number', 'postal address', 'email address', 'telephone number', 'authorized representative', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'following information', 'Section B', 'Section C', 'Section D.', 'registration certificate', 'voting procedure', 'proxy holders', 'total number', 'B. Process', 'attorney templates', 'Website voting', 'meeting agenda', 'material items', 'The Company', 'registered shareholder', 'The AGM', 'personal data', ""shareholders' register"", 'AGM.', 'STOCKHOLM', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'light', 'questions', 'instructions', 'order', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'exercise', 'accordance', 'notification', 'shares', 'names', 'banks', 'time', 'Thursday', 'account', 'preparation', 'resolution', 'matters', 'way', 'place', 'health', 'safety', 'employees', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Story', 'proposals', 'details', 'webcast', 'connection', 'outcome', 'minutes', 'issue', 'Notice', '1,580,000,000 votes', 'date', 'purpose', 'dam', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'behalf', 'power', 'copy', 'signing', 'BankID', '1.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1073,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-941116,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -   Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear’s involvement would expand the consortium’s footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system’s basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.“This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business ” Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality’s founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'three-year old consortium', 'distributed ledger technology', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'tokenised assets', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', '0.9062 euros', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,fxempire.com
1074,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-hms-070000417.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of HMS Networks AB,The shareholders of HMS Networks AB (publ)  Reg. no. 556661-8954  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held at 10.30 a.m on...,HMS Networks ABThe shareholders of HMS Networks AB (publ)  Reg. no. 556661-8954  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held at 10.30 a.m on Thursday 21 April 2022 at the HMS head office  Stationsgatan 37  Halmstad. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin at 9.30 a.m.Right to participate in the Annual General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository) on Monday 11 April 2022 and give notice of their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting no later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 preferably before 4 p.m.Notification shall be made by phone +46 (0)8 402 92 16  in writing to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via the website: www.hms-networks.com. The notification should include name  personal ID number/CIN  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information on assistants (no more than two).ProxiesIf a shareholder is represented by a proxy  a proxy should be issued with a power of attorney for the proxy. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate  or other document demonstrating the signatory’s authority to sign for the legal entity. The power of attorney may not be more than one year old  unless a longer period of validity is stated in the power of attorney (no more than five years). The power of attorney in original and  if applicable  registration certificate must be sent to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com   well in advance of the Annual General Meeting. A form of power of attorney is available on the HMS website www.hms-networks.com and at the company’s head office.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Monday 11 April 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday 13 April 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesProposed agendaOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the Agenda Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes Determination as to whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation ofthe Annual Report  Auditors’ Report and the Consolidated Accounts and Consolidated Auditors’ Report the statement by the auditor on the compliance with the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives the Board of Directors proposition according to items 14-17Report by the CEO Resolution concerningthe adoption of the Income Statement and Balance Sheet  and of the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheet the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet the discharge of liability for Board Members and CEODetermination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors Determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor Election of Board Members Election of Auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal to guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 Closing of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsElection of Chairman of the Meeting  determination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors  determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor and election of Board Members and election of Auditor (item 2 and 10-13)The Nomination Committee for 2022  comprising Chairman Johan Menckel (Investment AB Latour)  Staffan Dahlström (own holding)  Patrik Jönsson (SEB Funds)  Tomas Risbecker (AMF Funds) and Charlotte Brogren (Chairman of the Board) proposes:that Charlotte Brogren shall be appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (item 2);that the Board of Directors shall consist of six Board Members elected by the General Meeting  without any deputies and that a registered public accounting firm shall be elected as Auditor (item 10);that fees to the Board Members shall amount to a total of SEK 2 025 000 (1 875 000)  excluding committee fees  of which SEK 675 000 (625 000) shall be paid to the Chairman  and SEK 270 000 (250 000) to each other Board Member elected by the General Meeting  that the fee for work in the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 110 000 (100 000) to the Chairman and SEK 55 000 (50 000) to each other member in the Audit Committee and that no fees shall be paid for work in other committees. The fees to the Auditor shall be paid according to approved invoices (item 11);that the Board Members Charlotte Brogren  Fredrik Hansson  Anders Mörck  Cecilia Wachtmeister and Niklas Edling shall be re-elected as Board Members  that Anna Kleine shall be elected as new Board Member and that Charlotte Brogren shall be re-elected as Chairman of the Board. Ulf Södergren has declined re-election. (item 12); andthat  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as the company’s auditor  with Johan Palmgren as auditor in charge for a mandate period of one year (item 13).Proposals from the Board of DirectorsResolution concerning the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet (item 9b)The Board of Directors proposes that the parent company’s profit of SEK 422 495 thousand and retained earnings of SEK 192 473 thousand  in total SEK 614 968 thousand is allocated so that SEK 3.00 per share  corresponding to SEK 139 928 thousand in total is distributed to the shareholders as dividend and that the remaining amount is carried forward. The proposed record date for the dividend is Monday 25 April 2022. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the estimated date for payment of the dividend from Euroclear Sweden is Thursday 28 April 2022.Approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal to guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal entails that senior executives  in addition to annual variable cash remuneration  shall be able to receive a long-term variable cash bonus (LTI bonus) amounting to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary per the last year in the measurement period.These guidelines apply to persons who  during the period of time that the guidelines are in effect  are members of HMS Networks’ group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of HMS Networks’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityHMS is a market-leading supplier of solutions for industrial ICT (Information and Communication Technology). HMS’ industrial communication products enables millions of machines  such as robots  frequency converters and air conditioning equipment  to be connected to different types of systems – a necessity to meet future demands for energy efficiency and suitability. In brief  HMS’ business strategy aims to achieve profitable growth in strategic markets  focus on sustainable product development  be a global actor with local presence and to have a sustainable supply chain. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of HMS’ business strategy and to the safeguarding of its interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The objective of HMS’ remuneration policy for senior executives is therefore to offer competitive and market-based remuneration  in order to attract  motivate and retain competent and skilled employees. These guidelines enable the company to offer a competitive total remuneration. Further information regarding HMS business strategy is available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com .HMS has ongoing long-term share-related incentive plans  which have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The plans comprise all employees within HMS and aims to give the employees an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company through a long-term owner commitment. The plans further enable HMS to offer a competitive total remuneration and thereby enabling the company to recruit and retain competent personnel. The performance criteria are currently linked to profit per share. Further  the incentive plans require own investment during a certain holding period. Further information on the incentive plans are available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com .Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration to senior executives shall be market-based and may consist of fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits  as well as further variable remuneration under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed cash salary shall be determined on the basis that it should be competitive together with short- and long term incentives. The absolute amount shall be determined based on the current position and the competence  experience and performance of the individual. The fixed cash salary shall be revised annually.Variable cash remuneration shall be based on predetermined and measurable financial and non-financial objectives of the group. The measurement period for the objectives for annual variable cash remuneration shall be one year and annual variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary. In addition to annual variable cash remuneration  senior executives shall be able to receive a long-term variable cash bonus (LTI bonus) amounting to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary per the last year in the measurement period. The LTI bonus shall be based on achieved financial and operational objectives  related to  for example  growth and operating profit  after a multi-year measurement period in three to five years.The distribution between fixed cash salary and variable cash remuneration shall be proportionate to the executive’s responsibility and authority. The objectives shall primarily relate to growth and profitability  where the relationship between these performance measures shall determine the outcome of variable cash remuneration. In addition  individual objectives may be established. The objectives shall be designed so as to contribute to HMS’ business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive’s long-term development.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits (Sw: sjukförsäkringsförmåner) shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premium may amount to a maximum of 35 per cent of the pensionable income up to 28.5 price base amounts  and a maximum of 25 per cent on exceeding salary components.For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits  shall be premium defined. Variable remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premium shall follow the ITP-plan and amount to a maximum of 30 per cent of the pensionable income.Other benefits may include  for example  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring)  occupational health care (Sw: företagshälsovård) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the fixed cash salary.Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are made for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable remuneration  etc.The Remuneration Committee shall prepare  monitor and evaluate matters related to variable cash remuneration for the Board of Directors. To the extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied  shall be determined when the measurement period has ended. Assessments of whether financial objectives have been met  shall be based on established financial information for the period. Remuneration to the CEO is decided by the Board of Directors  based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. Remuneration to other senior executives is decided by the CEO after consultation with the Remuneration Committee.Variable cash remuneration may be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (claw-back).Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed until further notice. For the CEO  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months. If notice of termination of employment of the CEO is made by the company  a severance pay corresponding to a maximum of twelve months fixed cash salary may be paid. Other income should not be deducted from the severance pay. If notice of termination of employment is made by the CEO  severance pay should not be paid. Between the company and other senior executives  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months  without any right to severance pay.Senior executives may be compensated for a non-compete undertaking after the termination of the employment  however  only to the extent severance pay is not paid during the same period of time. Such remuneration is intended to compensate the senior executive for the difference between the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of the employment  and the (lower) income obtained  or could be obtained  by a new employment agreement  assignment or own business. The remuneration may be paid during the period the non-compete undertaking is applicable  and no longer than a period of twelve months after the termination of the employment.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors’ proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of HMS have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee’s and the Board of Directors’ basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors’ shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in HMS. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serveHMS’ long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure HMS’ financialviability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Shareholder’s viewsThe Board of Directors has not received any views from the shareholders on the guidelines of remuneration for senior executives.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues in accordance with the following conditions:The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions up to the Annual General Meeting 2023.Maximum 2 340 943 shares  corresponding to approximately 5 per cent of the company’s share capital  may be issued.An issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right.An issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind.The subscription price shall  at deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  be determined in accordance with market practice. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to determine other terms of the issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  is to enable the company to finance or carry out  in whole or in part  company acquisitions with the company’s own shares. There have been requests from sellers of companies to receive shares in HMS Networks as payment in conjunction with acquisitions and in case of acquisitions of smaller entrepreneurial companies it might work as an important incentive for the seller to receive shares in HMS Networks.Under the Swedish Companies Act  the resolution of the General Meeting on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal on (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 (item 17)A. Implementation of performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employeesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on implementation of the below described Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 to all employees  comprising a maximum of 75 000 shares in the company  according to the following principal conditions:All permanent employees within the group as per 31 December 2022 (approximately 800 persons) will be offered to participate in the program. In order to participate in the program  the participant must  with own funds  make an investment of minimum 1% and maximum between 3% and 6% (depending on position  se item 2 below) of his or her annual fixed gross salary in shares in the company at market price over Nasdaq Stockholm (“Saving Shares”). Notification of participation in Share Saving Program 2023-2026 shall be made no later than 31 December 2022. The investment shall take place during 2023 and shall be made to an amount corresponding to minimum 1% of the gross salary for 2022  with the possibility to further investment up to the fixed maximum amount.For senior executives (approximately 90 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and a maximum of 6% of the gross salary for 2022. For other employees (approximately 710 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and maximum of 3% of the gross salary for 2022.Each Saving Share entitles the participant to receive free of charge a maximum of two (2) shares in the company  based on the achievement of certain performance conditions (“Performance Share”). The performance conditions are based on the development of earnings per share according to determined objectives by the Board of Directors during the financial years 2024-2026 (the “Measurement Period”). The performance condition that has to be achieved of exceeded relates to average annual growth of the company’s earnings per share during the Measurement Period  whereby Performance Shares is received linearly between the interval 0-20% and an average annual growth during the Measurement Period of 20% corresponds to maximum allotment  i.e. two (2) Performance Shares. Through the connection to earnings per share throughout the measurement period  the performance conditions contribute to the company’s long-term value creation.Upon achievement of the performance conditions  Performance Shares will be received within 60 days after the day of the publishing of the year-end report regarding the financial year 2026. Subject to customary exceptions  the participant does not receive Performance Shares if the participant does not acquire Saving Shares according to determined minimum level  does not hold all of his or her Saving Shares up to and including 31 December 2026  or does not remain in his or her employment or equivalent within the group as per this date.A small number of selected consultants with assignments of essential importance for the company should be offered to  on comparable terms and conditions  participate in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed terms and conditions of Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 within the scope the above stated principal terms and conditions  as well as such reasonable adjustments of the program which are deemed appropriate or efficient due to legal or administrative conditions. In addition  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make minor adjustments to the terms and conditions and the administration of the share saving plan  in order to comply with local rules  market practice and administrative circumstances  in a cost-effective manner in some of the group's jurisdictions other than Sweden.B. Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026To enable the company’s delivery of Performance Shares according to Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:The repurchase of shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2023.The repurchase shall as a maximum comprise the number of shares required for delivery of Matching and Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  however no more than 75 000 shares. Repurchase shall be made at a price within the share price interval registered from time to time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.Payment of the repurchased shares shall be made in cash.The Board of Directors shall have the right to resolve on other terms and conditions for the repurchase.The repurchase is expected to take place on one or several occasions in conjunction with the notification and investment periods during 2022 and 2023. To the extent that repurchase must be made after the Annual General Meeting 2023 in order to ensure delivery of shares according to the program’s maximum amount  a new authorisation for repurchase of shares is required by the next Annual General Meeting.C. Transfer of own shares to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026To be able to deliver Performance Shares under Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:A maximum number of 75 000 shares may be transferred free of charge to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.With deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the right to acquire shares free of charge shall comprise persons within the group participating in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  with a right for each of the participant to acquire the maximum number of shares stipulated in the terms and conditions of the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.Transfer of shares shall be made free of charge at the time for  and according to the terms for  the allotment of shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.The number of shares that may be transferred under Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 may be recalculated due to any intervening split or reverse share split  bonus issue  preferential issue and/or similar corporate actions.The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the company to transfer Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.Shares that have been acquired by the company  and which are not transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 may be transferred to participants in previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting of the company. Also such shares acquired by the company within previous years' share saving plans may be transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting. Transfer shall take place in accordance with applicable rules for the current share saving plan.Estimated costsThe program will generate costs related to the application of IFRS 2 “Share-related remuneration” amounting to approximately MSEK 25 and costs for social security contributions of approximately MSEK 8 for the shares which are allotted free of charge. The total effect on the income statement is estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 33  distributed over the years 2023-2026.Costs according to IFRS 2 do not affect the cash flow or equity during the duration of the Share Saving Plan. The acquisition cost of the shares is estimated to approximately MSEK 25 and will affect the cash flow and equity in connection with acquisition of the shares. The social security contributions effect the equity continuously  but the cash flow only in 2027  after that the shares has been allotted. Administrative costs for the program are estimated to amount to MSEK 0.8 during the duration of the program.The above cost-estimate is based on assumptions that just over half of the employees participate in the program  that all participants remain until the end of the program  an investment level per participant based on historical outcome and a maximum outcome on the performance conditions corresponding to two (2) Performance Shares per Saving Share. For the share price at the end of the program  a development corresponding to the outcome of the performance condition earnings per share has been assumed.Reason for the proposalThe Board of Directors’ reason for the abovementioned proposal on Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 is that a personal long-term owner commitment in the company by the employees is expected to stimulate an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company. The offering and participation in the Share Saving Plan shall be considered as a part of the total remuneration package. Therefore  the Board of Directors assesses that the Share Saving Plan is favourably for both the company and its shareholders. It is the Board of Directors’ intention to annually return to the Annual General Meeting with proposals for share saving plans with equivalent conditions and effects. In case the conditions for the assumptions on number of employees that may be offered to participate in the share saving program or otherwise that is the basis for the calculations of the maximum size of the program change  the Board of Directors’ intends to return with a supplementary proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2023 regarding repurchase and transfer of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  in order to ensure that all employees as per 31 December 2022 who wish to participate in the program can do so.Effects on key ratiosAs per the date of the Board of Directors’ proposal  the number of shares in the company amounts to 46 818 868. The Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 is expected to result in acquisition and transfer of a total of approximately 75 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.15% of the total number of outstanding shares and votes. The key ratio earnings per share is not expected to be affected substantially.Majority resolutionDecision on the Board of Directors’ proposal under items A  B and C shall be made as a joint decision. The proposal  to be valid  must be supported by shareholders holding at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast  as well as of the number of shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and CEO shall at the Annual General Meeting  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company’s or its subsidiaries’ financial situation and the company’s relation to another company within the group.Available documentsThe Annual Report and Auditor’s Report for the parent company and the group for the 2021 financial year  the Board of Directors reasoned statement regarding the proposal for dividend  the Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement and the Board of Directors complete proposal regarding items 14-17 and the auditors’ statement on whether the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives have been complied with  are presented by being available at the company and on the company’s website www.hms-networks.com   as of 31 March 2022  and will be sent to all shareholders who so request and state their postal address. A printed version of the Annual Report may be received by sending address details to ir@hms.se .Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 46 818 868. The company’s holding of own shares amounts to 176 320 which do not entitle to any voting right as long as the company is the holder of the shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on processing of personal data  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .....................................................Halmstad  March 2022HMS Networks AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information please contact:CEO Staffan Dahlström  phone: +46-35-17 29 01CFO Joakim Nideborn  phone: +46-35-710 69 83HMS Networks AB (publ) is a market-leading provider of solutions in industrial information and communication technology (Industrial ICT). HMS develops and manufactures products under the Anybus®  Ixxat®  Ewon® and Intesis® brands. Development takes place at the headquarter in Halmstad and also in Ravensburg  Nivelles  Bilbao  Igualada  Wetzlar  Buchen and Delft. Local sales and support are handled by branch offices in Germany  USA  Japan  China  Singapore  Italy  France  Spain  the Netherlands  India  UK  Sweden  South Korea and UAE  as well as through a worldwide network of distributors and partners. HMS employs over 700 people and reported sales of SEK 1 972 million in 2021. HMS is listed on the NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm  category Large Cap  Information Technology.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'performance-based Share Saving Plan', 'new share issues Resolution', 'P.O. Box', 'personal ID number/CIN', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Staffan Dahlström', 'Patrik Jönsson', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'HMS head office', 'daytime telephone number', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Chairman Johan Menckel', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'Consolidated Auditors’ Report', 'remuneration report Resolution', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Board Members Election', 'Annual Report', 'share register', 'voting list', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'Meeting Preparation', 'HMS website', 'Meeting Election', 'registration certificate', 'Such registration', 'Thursday 21 April', 'Monday 11 April', 'Wednesday 13 April', 'legal entity', 'other document', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'senior executives', 'SEB Funds', 'Tomas Risbecker', 'AMF Funds', 'Charlotte Brogren', 'six Boar', 'CEO Resolution', 'Auditor Resolution', 'current guidelines', 'Directors proposition', 'Agenda Election', 'minutes Determination', 'Auditor Election', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Stationsgatan', 'Halmstad', '9.30 a', 'notice', 'intention', 'Notification', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'hms-networks', 'name', 'address', 'information', 'assistants', 'Proxies', 'proxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'signatory', 'authority', 'validity', 'original', 'email', 'generalmeetingservice', 'advance', 'company', 'order', 'addition', 'participation', 'presentation', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'Story', 'Opening', 'approval', 'compliance', 'items', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Deputies', 'fees', 'authorisation', 'implementation', 'employees', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'participants', 'proposals', 'holding', '10.30', '4']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1075,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/39903/euroclear-invests-in-fnality,Euroclear invests in Fnality,Euroclear has invested in Fnality  the international consortium of global banks focused on building a blockchain-based payment system to support the adoption of tokenised assets and marketplaces.,Euroclear has invested in Fnality  the international consortium of global banks focused on building a blockchain-based payment system to support the adoption of tokenised assets and marketplaces.Euroclear says the investment will support its ambitions to increase the speed and efficiency for a range of post-trade operations with the settlement of digital securities against digital cash on DLT.The depository says that recent experiments conducted with the Banque de France on the settlement of Government bonds using a central-bank backed digital currency demonstrated that blockchain technology is suitable to manage post-trade market operations in CBDC.Fnality last month moved one step closer to launch after two major European banks successfully conducted a proof of concept showcasing the benefits of distributed ledger technology (DLT) in offering near-instant settlement in capital markets and payments.Rhomaios Ram  CEO Fnality International says: “As we progress from testing to real-world implementation  welcoming Euroclear Group as an investor into the Fnality International consortium will significantly enhance the diversification of Fnality’s network and expand our industry footprint  especially around Financial Market Infrastructure. This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business and use case strategy.”,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,positive,0.8,0.16,0.04,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'two major European banks', 'blockchain-based payment system', 'Banque de France', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'obvious positive implications', 'use case strategy', 'distributed ledger technology', 'post-trade market operations', 'CEO Fnality International', 'Fnality International consortium', 'global banks', 'post-trade operations', 'blockchain technology', 'tokenised assets', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', 'recent experiments', 'Government bonds', 'central-bank backed', 'digital currency', 'capital markets', 'Rhomaios Ram', 'real-world implementation', 'industry footprint', 'instant settlement', 'Euroclear Group', 'adoption', 'marketplaces', 'investment', 'ambitions', 'speed', 'efficiency', 'range', 'DLT', 'depository', 'CBDC', 'proof', 'concept', 'benefits', 'payments', 'testing', 'investor', 'diversification', 'network', 'execution', 'business']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finextra.com
1076,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab-publ-301506454.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Swedish Match AB (publ),STOCKHOLM  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic  the AGM will be co…,"STOCKHOLM  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic  the AGM will be conducted pursuant to so called mail-in procedures  meaning that no shareholders will attend the AGM in person or through proxy. Instead  shareholders can participate in the AGM by voting and submitting questions in advance pursuant to the instructions described below.In order to participate in the AGM  a shareholder mustbe registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  April 19  2022   and notify attendance at the AGM no later than Tuesday  April 26   2022.The exercise of voting rights in accordance with the mail-in procedure will be considered as a notification from the shareholder to attend the meeting.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the names of banks or other nominees must temporarily register the shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate in the AGM via the mail-in process. Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday  April 21  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the shareholders' register.The shareholders may request in the advance voting form that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such general meeting shall take place if the AGM so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so requests.A. Overview of Mail-In procedures for the AGMDue to the COVID-19 pandemic and in order to ensure the health and safety of the Company's shareholders  employees and other stakeholders  the Board of Directors of Swedish Match AB has resolved on extraordinary meeting procedures pursuant to Section 22 of the temporary act on general meetings (2022:121) (the ""Temporary Act""). Specifically  the following procedures will apply:The AGM will take place on Wednesday  April 27  2022 . However  no shareholders  proxy holders or other external persons will be able to attend in person. Shareholders will only be able to participate in the AGM by voting on the matters and the proposals on the meeting agenda and submitting questions to the Company in advance. See Section B  below  for more details on how. The Agenda for the AGM is as set forth below in Section C  with certain items being further explained in Section D. There will be no webcast in connection with the AGM. A press release will be issued following the AGM informing of those material items that are approved by the AGM as soon as the outcome of the mail-in voting procedure has been finally established. Details of the actual voting results will be included in the minutes of the meeting and will be published within two weeks thereafter.At the time of the issue of this Notice of AGM  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 1 580 000 000 shares  corresponding to 1 580 000 000 votes in total. The Company holds 56 184 810 shares as of the date of this notice which may not be represented at the Meeting.B. Process for Advanced voting and QuestionsA shareholder can exercise its shareholder's rights at the AGM by in advance (A) voting on the items on the agenda of the AGM  and (B) submitting questions to the Company.Any registered shareholder intending to participate in the AGM (via advanced voting or questions)  must submit the following information in connection with their respective submissions:the shareholder's name personal or organization number postal address email address  andtelephone number.The data received will be computerized and used solely for the purpose of the 2022 AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.For shareholders wishing to participate through an authorized representative (i.e.  where such authorized representative is the one submitting advanced voting or questions on behalf of such shareholder)  the Company will provide power of attorney templates on the Company's website. Shareholders participating through an authorized representative must submit the power of attorney together with the voting form or question. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be enclosed.B1. Advance votingAdvance voting will be available up until and including Tuesday  April 26  2022. A shareholder can vote in advance by any of the following three methods:Website voting: Voting may be done electronically through signing with BankID on the website of Euroclear Sweden AB https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy Email voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and then emailing such form to the following email address [email protected]   together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above). Regular mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above) to the following address  Swedish Match AB (publ)  ""Advance voting 2022 AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O.191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden .A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the advanced voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The advanced voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Tuesday  April 26  2022. If received later  the vote will be disregarded.For questions regarding advance voting  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  ph.+46 (0)8 402 90 42 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (CET) weekdays.B2. QuestionsQuestions to the Company can be submitted to Swedish Match up until and including Sunday  April 17  2022. Shareholders wishing to pose questions may do so by any of the following methods:Email: Questions may be submitted by emailing to the following email address [email protected] . Regular mail: Questions may be submitted by regular mail to the following address  Swedish Match AB  ""AGM 2022""  Att: Group Communication  SE-118 85 Stockholm  Sweden .The shareholder must include name of the shareholder and personal or organization number for the question to be answered. The shareholder should also state its postal address  email address and telephone number.Questions submitted by shareholders must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Sunday  April 17  2022  and will be responded to and published not later than on Friday  April 22  2022. The questions and responses will be available at the Company  Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden and on the Company's website  www.swedishmatch.com/agm  and will be sent to the shareholder provided the shareholder's address is known by the Company or provided by the shareholder together with the question.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  upon request of a shareholder  and provided that the Board of Directors deems this can be done without causing major harm to the Company  inform about matters which might affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or circumstances affecting Swedish Match's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or about Swedish Match's relation to another Group entity  or in relation to the consolidated annual report.C. AgendaOpening of the Meeting and election of the Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the Agenda. Resolution on the Remuneration report. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution regarding allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution on a record day for dividend. Resolution regarding discharge from liability in respect of the Board members and the President. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the Meeting. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors. Election of members of the Board and the Chairman of the Board. Election of Charles A. Blixt (re-election) Election of Jacqueline Hoogerbrugge (re-election) Election of Conny Karlsson (re-electio) Election of Alexander Lacik (re-election Election of Pauline Lindwall (re-election) Election of Joakim Westh (re-election) Election of Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae (new election) Election of Conny Karlsson as the Chairman of the Board (re-election) Resolution regarding the number of auditors. Resolution regarding remuneration to the auditor. Election of auditor. Resolution regarding: the reduction of the share capital by means of withdrawal of repurchased shares; an bonus issue. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue new shares.D. ProposalsProposal for resolution under Item 1The Nominating Committee proposes Björn Kristiansson  attorney at law  as the Chairman of the Meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the Nominating Committee.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the general meeting shareholders' register and received advance votes  and verified by the persons assigned to check the minutes.Proposal for resolution under Item 3The Board of Directors proposes that two minute-checkers be elected  and that Filippa Gerstädt and Peter Lundkvist are elected  or  if someone or both of them are unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by Swedish Match's Board of Directors.Proposal for resolution under Item 7Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.Proposal for resolution under Item 8The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.86 (1.50) per share is distributed to the shareholders in two equal payments of SEK 0.93 per share and that the remaining profits are carried forward. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be on Friday  April 29  2022  and for the second payment on Monday  November 14  2022. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that Euroclear Sweden AB will execute the first payment on Wednesday  May 4  2022  and the second payment on Thursday  November 17  2022.Proposal for resolution under Item 10The Nominating Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall be down-sized from eight to seven members and no deputies.Proposal for resolution under Item 11The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors will be awarded as follows for the period until the Annual General Meeting 2023 (2021 resolved remuneration within brackets). The Chairman of the Board will be awarded 2 365 000 SEK (2 252 000)  and the other Board members elected by the Meeting shall each be awarded 945 000 SEK (900 000). Furthermore  the Nominating Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Audit Committee will be awarded 383 000 SEK (364 000) and the other members of the Audit Committee will be awarded 164 000 SEK (156 000) each  and that the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee will be awarded 306 000 SEK (291 000) and the other members of the Remuneration Committee 154 000 SEK (146 000) each.Proposal for resolution under Item 12The Nominating Committee proposes re-election of the following members of the Board of Directors for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023: Charles A. Blixt  Jacqueline Hoogerbrugge  Conny Karlsson  Alexander Lacik  Pauline Lindwall  and Joakim Westh. Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae is proposed to be elected as new member of the Board of Directors. Conny Karlsson is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.Andrew Cripps and Wenche Rolfsen have declined re-election.Proposal for resolution under Item 13The Nominating Committee proposes the number of auditors to be one and no deputy auditor.Proposal for resolution under Item 14The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved accounts.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Nominating Committee proposes the re-election of the auditor company Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 a)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity to be used as resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Item b) below. The Board of Directors proposes to reduce the Company's share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK by means of cancellation of 55 000 000 shares in the Company. All shares that are proposed to be cancelled are held by the Company. The resolution to reduce the share capital under this Item a) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the Company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue  as set out under Item b) below  with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with  as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 b)With the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under Item a) above  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK through a bonus issue. The bonus issue shall be carried out with the amount being transferred from non-restricted equity without the issuance of new shares. The reason for the bonus issue is that if the Company transfers an amount corresponding to the amount by which the share capital is reduced in accordance with the Board's proposal under item 16 a) above  the resolution to reduce the share capital may be passed without obtaining permission from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (sw. Bolagsverket)  or  in disputed cases  the court. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 a) is a reduction in the Company's share capital of 13 559 080.98 SEK. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 b) is a corresponding increase in the Company's share capital through a bonus issue  thereby restoring it to its balance prior to the reduction  as well as a change in the quotient value of the Company's share from approximately 0.25 SEK to approximately 0.26 SEK.Resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Items 16 a)-b) above shall be adopted as a joint resolution and require approval by shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. The Board further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board to make such minor adjustments to the above resolutions as may be required to file the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolutions.Proposal for resolution under Item 17The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting  provided that the Company's holding does not at any time exceed 10 percent of all shares in the Company. The shares shall be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time  i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. The purpose of the repurchasing right is primarily to enable the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs over time  and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors shall be able to resolve that a purchase of own shares shall be made within a repurchase program in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (""MAR"") and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (the ""Safe Harbour Regulation"") if the purpose of the purchase only is to decrease the Company´s equity.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 17 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 18The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on transfer of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting.The shares may only be transferred in conjunction with the financing of company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions  and the transfers may not exceed the maximum number of treasury shares held by the Company at any given time. Transfer of own shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time (i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price) at the time of the decision regarding the transfer and in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Stockholm or the relevant market. Transfer of own shares can also be made in another manner in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations  where transfer of own shares may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Payment for shares transferred in this manner may be made in cash or through a non-cash issue or offsetting of claims against the Company  or on other specific terms. The reason for the authorization and deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is  where appropriate  to be able to transfer shares in conjunction with the financing of any company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions in a cost-efficient manner.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 18 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 19The Board of Directors proposes it be authorized to  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  to issue new ordinary shares on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from shareholders' preferential rights and against payment in cash  in kind or by set-off. The number of shares that may be issued may not exceed a maximum dilution effect of 10 percent of the share capital and votes at the time of the Annual General Meeting 2022. The reasons for the authorization and deviation from shareholders' preferential rights are that the Board wishes to increase the Company's financial flexibility and to allow the Company to issue common shares as payment in connection with acquisitions the Company might make. The subscription price shall be determined according to prevailing market conditions at the time the shares are issued.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 19 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Other informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report and the Board of Directors' complete proposal including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  section 4 of the Companies Act  as well as other documentation  which  according to the Companies Act  shall be made available at the Annual General Meeting will be made available at Swedish Match headquarters (Legal Department) at Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden  no later than Wednesday  April 6  2022. The documents will be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states its address. All the above documents will be available on the Company's website  https://www.swedishmatch.com/ and be presented at the Annual General Meeting.The share register will be available at Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden.Proxy formProxy forms are available upon request and on the Company's website https://www.swedishmatch.com/.Stockholm  March 2022Swedish Match AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsContact:Emmett Harrison  Senior Vice President Investor RelationsOffice +46 70 938 0173This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/swedish-match/r/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab--publ- c3528439The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/2004/3528439/1550939.pdf Swedish Match AGM Notice 2022SOURCE Swedish Match",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.03,0.44,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Match AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Match AB', 'other external persons', 'following three methods', 'actual voting results', 'Annual General Meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Such general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'extraordinary meeting procedures', 'advance voting form', 'Voting rights registration', 'general meetings', 'other nominees', 'other stakeholders', 'following procedures', 'Advanced voting', 'Reg. No.', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'one tenth', 'A. Overview', 'Mail-In procedures', 'temporary act', 'press release', 'two weeks', 'respective submissions', 'organization number', 'postal address', 'email address', 'telephone number', 'authorized representative', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'following information', 'Section B', 'Section C', 'Section D.', 'registration certificate', 'voting procedure', 'proxy holders', 'total number', 'B. Process', 'attorney templates', 'Website voting', 'meeting agenda', 'material items', 'The Company', 'registered shareholder', 'The AGM', 'personal data', ""shareholders' register"", 'AGM.', 'STOCKHOLM', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'light', 'questions', 'instructions', 'order', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'exercise', 'accordance', 'notification', 'shares', 'names', 'banks', 'time', 'Thursday', 'account', 'preparation', 'resolution', 'matters', 'way', 'place', 'health', 'safety', 'employees', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proposals', 'details', 'webcast', 'connection', 'outcome', 'minutes', 'issue', 'Notice', '1,580,000,000 votes', 'date', 'purpose', 'dam', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'behalf', 'power', 'copy', 'signing', 'BankID', '1.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,prnewswire.com
1077,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.financemagnates.com/institutional-forex/euroclear-invests-undisclosed-sum-in-fnality/,Euroclear Invests Undisclosed Sum in Fnality,Belgium-based Euroclear announced on Monday that it has invested an undisclosed sum in Fnality  which is an international consortium of global banks and financial market infrastructures building payment systems for tokenized assets and marketplaces.ADVERTISEMENTThe two companies will further work on the development for the settlement Settlement Settlement in finance refers to the process when a buyer makes payment and receives the agreed-upon services or goods.A number of risks arise for the parties during the settlement process.Settlement in finance refers to the process when a buyer makes payment and receives the agreed-upon services or goods.A number of risks arise for the parties during the settlement process.,Belgium-based Euroclear announced on Monday that it has invested an undisclosed sum in Fnality  which is an international consortium of global banks and financial market infrastructures building payment systems for tokenized assets and marketplaces.ADVERTISEMENTThe two companies will further work on the development for the settlement Settlement Settlement in finance refers to the process when a buyer makes payment and receives the agreed-upon services or goods. The term is used on exchanges such as New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) when security changes hands. When the asset is transferred and placed in the new buyer's name  it is considered settled. This process could take a few hours or several days after a trade is made. It depends on the clearance process. In the United States  the settlement date for marketable stocks is usually 2 business days or T+2 after the trade is executed  and for listed options and government securities it is usually 1 day after the execution. Conversely in Europe  settlement date has also been adopted as 2 business days settlement cycles T+2.Settlement ExplainedA settlement is also the process of the payment of an outstanding account balance  an open invoice or charge. The electronic settlement system is a relatively new construct that has only become a standard in the past thirty years.For example  in real estate finance  you have settlement when the funds are accepted  and the deed to the property is traders to the new owner. Settlement can also mean an adjustment or agreement reached in matters of finance or business. For example  we have settled with the bank or the credit card company. A number of risks arise for the parties during the settlement process. These are effectively managed by the process of clearing  which follows trading and precedes settlement. By extension  clearing involves modifying those contractual obligations so as to facilitate settlement  often by netting and novation. Settlement in finance refers to the process when a buyer makes payment and receives the agreed-upon services or goods. The term is used on exchanges such as New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) when security changes hands. When the asset is transferred and placed in the new buyer's name  it is considered settled. This process could take a few hours or several days after a trade is made. It depends on the clearance process. In the United States  the settlement date for marketable stocks is usually 2 business days or T+2 after the trade is executed  and for listed options and government securities it is usually 1 day after the execution. Conversely in Europe  settlement date has also been adopted as 2 business days settlement cycles T+2.Settlement ExplainedA settlement is also the process of the payment of an outstanding account balance  an open invoice or charge. The electronic settlement system is a relatively new construct that has only become a standard in the past thirty years.For example  in real estate finance  you have settlement when the funds are accepted  and the deed to the property is traders to the new owner. Settlement can also mean an adjustment or agreement reached in matters of finance or business. For example  we have settled with the bank or the credit card company. A number of risks arise for the parties during the settlement process. These are effectively managed by the process of clearing  which follows trading and precedes settlement. By extension  clearing involves modifying those contractual obligations so as to facilitate settlement  often by netting and novation. Read this Term of digital securities against digital cash using distributed ledger technologies (DLT). The upcoming solution is expected to increase the speed and efficiency of post-trade operations from primary market issuance to secondary market and collateral trades  along with servicing interest payments.“The institutional commercialization of DLT is being realized through Fnality’s creation of a network of distributed payment systems using blockchain Blockchain Blockchain comprises a digital network of blocks with a comprehensive ledger of transactions made in a cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin or other altcoins.One of the signature features of blockchain is that it is maintained across more than one computer. The ledger can be public or private (permissioned.) In this sense  blockchain is immune to the manipulation of data making it not only open but verifiable. Because a blockchain is stored across a network of computers  it is very difficult to tamper with. The Evolution of BlockchainBlockchain was originally invented by an individual or group of people under the name of Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008. The purpose of blockchain was originally to serve as the public transaction ledger of Bitcoin  the world’s first cryptocurrency.In particular  bundles of transaction data  called “blocks”  are added to the ledger in a chronological fashion  forming a “chain.” These blocks include things like date  time  dollar amount  and (in some cases) the public addresses of the sender and the receiver.The computers responsible for upholding a blockchain network are called “nodes.” These nodes carry out the duties necessary to confirm the transactions and add them to the ledger. In exchange for their work  the nodes receive rewards in the form of crypto tokens.By storing data via a peer-to-peer network (P2P)  blockchain controls for a wide range of risks that are traditionally inherent with data being held centrally.Of note  P2P blockchain networks lack centralized points of vulnerability. Consequently  hackers cannot exploit these networks via normalized means nor does the network possess a central failure point.In order to hack or alter a blockchain’s ledger  more than half of the nodes must be compromised. Looking ahead  blockchain technology is an area of extensive research across multiple industries  including financial services and payments  among others. Blockchain comprises a digital network of blocks with a comprehensive ledger of transactions made in a cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin or other altcoins.One of the signature features of blockchain is that it is maintained across more than one computer. The ledger can be public or private (permissioned.) In this sense  blockchain is immune to the manipulation of data making it not only open but verifiable. Because a blockchain is stored across a network of computers  it is very difficult to tamper with. The Evolution of BlockchainBlockchain was originally invented by an individual or group of people under the name of Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008. The purpose of blockchain was originally to serve as the public transaction ledger of Bitcoin  the world’s first cryptocurrency.In particular  bundles of transaction data  called “blocks”  are added to the ledger in a chronological fashion  forming a “chain.” These blocks include things like date  time  dollar amount  and (in some cases) the public addresses of the sender and the receiver.The computers responsible for upholding a blockchain network are called “nodes.” These nodes carry out the duties necessary to confirm the transactions and add them to the ledger. In exchange for their work  the nodes receive rewards in the form of crypto tokens.By storing data via a peer-to-peer network (P2P)  blockchain controls for a wide range of risks that are traditionally inherent with data being held centrally.Of note  P2P blockchain networks lack centralized points of vulnerability. Consequently  hackers cannot exploit these networks via normalized means nor does the network possess a central failure point.In order to hack or alter a blockchain’s ledger  more than half of the nodes must be compromised. Looking ahead  blockchain technology is an area of extensive research across multiple industries  including financial services and payments  among others. Read this Term technology ” said Fnality International’s CEO  Rhomaios Ram.“As we progress from testing to real-world implementation  welcoming Euroclear Group as an investor into the Fnality International consortium will significantly enhance the diversification of Fnality’s network and expand our industry footprint  especially around Financial Market Infrastructure.”CBDC and DLTEuroclear already has a significant stake in blockchain infrastructure development. It recently led a central bank digital currency (CBDC) experiment to settle French government bonds on DLT  which was commissioned by the French central bank. That experiment confirmed the befits of using DLT for managing post-trade market operations in CBDC.Commenting on the acquisition  Euroclear’s CEO  Lieve Mostrey  said: “As an open financial market infrastructure our approach to innovation has always been to develop services in close co-operation with clients and pioneering networks and infrastructures. We are pleased to be working with Fnality and our clients in shaping a cutting-edge solution on wholesale digital cash and digital securities settlement for the benefit of the whole industry.”Meanwhile  Euroclear reported a 9 percent year-over-year growth in its operating income in 2021  whereas its business income jumped by 15 percent. It ended the year with a net profit of net profit reached EUR 467 million  a rise of 8 percent.Last year  the financial services company also acquired MFEX Group  a global digital fund distribution fund.,neutral,0.04,0.71,0.25,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['Undisclosed Sum', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'New York Stock Exchange', '2 business days settlement cycles', 'outstanding account balance', 'past thirty years', 'credit card company', 'financial market infrastructures', 'primary market issuance', 'distributed ledger technologies', 'electronic settlement system', 'real estate finance', 'public transaction ledger', 'blockchain Blockchain Blockchain', 'settlement Settlement Settlement', 'several days', 'secondary market', 'new construct', 'new owner', 'public addresses', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', 'undisclosed sum', 'international consortium', 'global banks', 'tokenized assets', 'two companies', 'upon services', 'new buyer', 'United States', 'marketable stocks', 'government securities', 'open invoice', 'contractual obligations', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', 'upcoming solution', 'post-trade operations', 'collateral trades', 'interest payments', 'institutional commercialization', 'comprehensive ledger', 'other altcoins', 'signature features', 'one computer', 'The Evolution', 'Satoshi Nakamoto', 'transaction data', 'chronological fashion', 'dollar amount', 'settlement date', 'listed options', 'first cryptocurrency', 'payment systems', 'clearance process', 'digital network', 'settlement process', 'Monday', 'Fnality', 'marketplaces', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'development', 'goods', 'term', 'exchanges', 'NYSE', 'security', 'hands', 'name', 'hours', 'execution', 'Europe', 'charge', 'standard', 'example', 'funds', 'deed', 'property', 'traders', 'adjustment', 'agreement', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'parties', 'clearing', 'trading', 'extension', 'netting', 'novation', 'DLT', 'speed', 'efficiency', 'creation', 'blocks', 'transactions', 'Bitcoin', 'sense', 'manipulation', 'computers', 'BlockchainBlockchain', 'individual', 'group', 'people', 'purpose', 'world', 'bundles', 'things', 'time', 'cases', 'sender', 'receiver']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,financemagnates.com
1078,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/39903/euroclear-invests-in-fnality,Euroclear invests in Fnality,Euroclear has invested in Fnality  the international consortium of global banks focused on building a blockchain-based payment system to support the adoption of tokenised assets and marketplaces.Euroclear says the investment will support its ambitions to increase the speed and efficiency for a range of post-trade operations with the settlement of digital securities against digital cash on DLT.Fnality last month moved one step closer to launch after two major European banks successfully conducted a proof of concept showcasing the benefits of distributed ledger technology (DLT) in offering near-instant settlement in capital markets and payments.Rhomaios Ram  CEO Fnality International says: “As we progress from testing to real-world implementation  welcoming Euroclear Group as an investor into the Fnality International consortium will significantly enhance the diversification of Fnality’s network and expand our industry footprint  especially around Financial Market Infrastructure.This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business and use case strategy.”,Euroclear has invested in Fnality  the international consortium of global banks focused on building a blockchain-based payment system to support the adoption of tokenised assets and marketplaces.Euroclear says the investment will support its ambitions to increase the speed and efficiency for a range of post-trade operations with the settlement of digital securities against digital cash on DLT.The depository says that recent experiments conducted with the Banque de France on the settlement of Government bonds using a central-bank backed digital currency demonstrated that blockchain technology is suitable to manage post-trade market operations in CBDC.Fnality last month moved one step closer to launch after two major European banks successfully conducted a proof of concept showcasing the benefits of distributed ledger technology (DLT) in offering near-instant settlement in capital markets and payments.Rhomaios Ram  CEO Fnality International says: “As we progress from testing to real-world implementation  welcoming Euroclear Group as an investor into the Fnality International consortium will significantly enhance the diversification of Fnality’s network and expand our industry footprint  especially around Financial Market Infrastructure. This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business and use case strategy.”,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,positive,0.8,0.16,0.04,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'two major European banks', 'blockchain-based payment system', 'Banque de France', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'obvious positive implications', 'use case strategy', 'distributed ledger technology', 'post-trade market operations', 'CEO Fnality International', 'Fnality International consortium', 'global banks', 'post-trade operations', 'blockchain technology', 'tokenised assets', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', 'recent experiments', 'Government bonds', 'central-bank backed', 'digital currency', 'capital markets', 'Rhomaios Ram', 'real-world implementation', 'industry footprint', 'instant settlement', 'Euroclear Group', 'adoption', 'marketplaces', 'investment', 'ambitions', 'speed', 'efficiency', 'range', 'DLT', 'depository', 'CBDC', 'proof', 'concept', 'benefits', 'payments', 'testing', 'investor', 'diversification', 'network', 'execution', 'business']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finextra.com
1079,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-nordnet-ab-publ-1647860400,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Nordnet AB (publ),"Postal votingEuroclear Sweden AB administers the postal voting procedure.The postal voting form is also valid as notification to attend the Annual General Meeting.The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 27 April 2022.The form can be submitted by post by sending the form to Nordnet AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O.The shareholder must sign and date the proxy form and send it by post or e-mail to Euroclear Sweden AB  see the addresses stated above.","The Board has decided to conduct the Annual General Meeting as a meeting with postal voting only in accordance with Section 20 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. This means that the meeting is conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties and that shareholders can exercise their voting rights only through postal voting as specified under the heading Postal voting below.The Company will also arrange a digital event on Monday 25 April 2022 at 16:00 CET  where shareholders have the opportunity to listen to senior executives and ask questions. Information about this event will be published shortly.Right to attend and noticeAnyone wishing to participate in the meeting shall be registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 20 April 2022  and shall notify the Company of their intention to attend the meeting by casting their postal vote  in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below  in such time that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 27 April 2022.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in addition to casting their postal vote  ensure that they are entered in the share register in their own name as of 20 April 2022. This is done through temporary re-registration of the shares in one's own name  so called voting registration. Voting registrations must be requested from the nominee well in advance and in accordance with the nominee's routines. Voting registrations that has been requested at such time that the registration has been completed no later than 22 April 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Postal votingEuroclear Sweden AB administers the postal voting procedure.Postal votes are cast on a designated form. The form is available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  and on the Company's website  www.nordnetab.com. The postal voting form is also valid as notification to attend the Annual General Meeting.The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 27 April 2022. The form may be submitted electronically or by mail. The form may be submitted electronically either through BankID signing as per instructions on Euroclear Sweden AB's website as referred to above  or through sending the form by e-mail to GeneralMeetingServices@euroclear.com. The form can be submitted by post by sending the form to Nordnet AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders who wish to vote by proxy must use the proxy form available on the Company's website stated above. The shareholder must sign and date the proxy form and send it by post or e-mail to Euroclear Sweden AB  see the addresses stated above. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorisation documents must be attached to the form.The postal vote may not be provided with special instructions or conditions. If so  the postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.Items and proposed agenda1. Election of a chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Election of person to verify the minutes of the meeting4. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened5. Approval of the agenda6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report  and the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the group7. Resolution on the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet8. Resolution on allocation of the Company's profits in accordance with the adopted balance sheet9. Resolutions on discharge from liability of the members of the Board and the CEO10. Determination of the number of members of the Board and auditors11. Determination of remuneration of Board members and auditors12. Election of the members of the Board  Chairman of the Board and auditor13. Resolution on the adoption of revised Instruction for the Nomination Committee14. Resolution on amendments of the Articles of Association15. Resolution on approval of the Board's remuneration report16. Resolution on authorization for the Board to resolve upon acquisition of own shares17. Resolution on a warrant plan including issue and transfer of warrantsThe complete notice is enclosed to this press release and will be available on the Company's website.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.0,0.04,0.95,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Nordnet AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorisation documents', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'postal voting procedure', 'postal voting form', 'Nordnet AB', 'general meetings', 'other associations', 'annual report', 'voting rights', 'Voting registrations', 'voting list', 'postal vote', 'temporary exceptions', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'senior executives', 'share register', 'temporary re-registration', 'legal entity', 'Nomination Committee', 'warrant plan', 'complete notice', 'press release', 'registration certificate', 'digital event', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'completed form', 'Monday 25 April', 'Wednesday 27 April', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'The Company', ""shareholders' register"", 'proxy form', 'remuneration report', 'Board members', '20 April', '22 April', 'accordance', 'Section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'proxies', 'heading', '16:00 CET', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'Information', 'Anyone', 'intention', 'time', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'advance', 'routines', 'account', 'presentation', 'designated', 'website', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'nordnetab', 'notification', 'mail', 'BankID', 'GeneralMeetingServices', 'publ', 'Stockholm', 'addresses', 'conditions', 'Items', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'person', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'group', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'number', 'revised', 'amendments', 'Articles', 'authorization', 'acquisition', 'issue', 'transfer', 'warrants', '4.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,privataaffarer.se
1080,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-hms-070000417.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of HMS Networks AB,Right to participate in the Annual General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository) on Monday 11 April 2022 and give notice of their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting no later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 preferably before 4 p.m.Notification shall be made by phone +46 (0)8 402 92 16  in writing to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O.The power of attorney in original and  if applicable  registration certificate must be sent to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O.Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com   well in advance of the Annual General Meeting.To the extent that repurchase must be made after the Annual General Meeting 2023 in order to ensure delivery of shares according to the program’s maximum amount  a new authorisation for repurchase of shares is required by the next Annual General Meeting.,HMS Networks ABThe shareholders of HMS Networks AB (publ)  Reg. no. 556661-8954  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held at 10.30 a.m on Thursday 21 April 2022 at the HMS head office  Stationsgatan 37  Halmstad. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin at 9.30 a.m.Right to participate in the Annual General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository) on Monday 11 April 2022 and give notice of their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting no later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 preferably before 4 p.m.Notification shall be made by phone +46 (0)8 402 92 16  in writing to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via the website: www.hms-networks.com. The notification should include name  personal ID number/CIN  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information on assistants (no more than two).ProxiesIf a shareholder is represented by a proxy  a proxy should be issued with a power of attorney for the proxy. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate  or other document demonstrating the signatory’s authority to sign for the legal entity. The power of attorney may not be more than one year old  unless a longer period of validity is stated in the power of attorney (no more than five years). The power of attorney in original and  if applicable  registration certificate must be sent to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com   well in advance of the Annual General Meeting. A form of power of attorney is available on the HMS website www.hms-networks.com and at the company’s head office.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Monday 11 April 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday 13 April 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesProposed agendaOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the Agenda Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes Determination as to whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation ofthe Annual Report  Auditors’ Report and the Consolidated Accounts and Consolidated Auditors’ Report the statement by the auditor on the compliance with the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives the Board of Directors proposition according to items 14-17Report by the CEO Resolution concerningthe adoption of the Income Statement and Balance Sheet  and of the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheet the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet the discharge of liability for Board Members and CEODetermination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors Determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor Election of Board Members Election of Auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal to guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 Closing of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsElection of Chairman of the Meeting  determination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors  determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor and election of Board Members and election of Auditor (item 2 and 10-13)The Nomination Committee for 2022  comprising Chairman Johan Menckel (Investment AB Latour)  Staffan Dahlström (own holding)  Patrik Jönsson (SEB Funds)  Tomas Risbecker (AMF Funds) and Charlotte Brogren (Chairman of the Board) proposes:that Charlotte Brogren shall be appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (item 2);that the Board of Directors shall consist of six Board Members elected by the General Meeting  without any deputies and that a registered public accounting firm shall be elected as Auditor (item 10);that fees to the Board Members shall amount to a total of SEK 2 025 000 (1 875 000)  excluding committee fees  of which SEK 675 000 (625 000) shall be paid to the Chairman  and SEK 270 000 (250 000) to each other Board Member elected by the General Meeting  that the fee for work in the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 110 000 (100 000) to the Chairman and SEK 55 000 (50 000) to each other member in the Audit Committee and that no fees shall be paid for work in other committees. The fees to the Auditor shall be paid according to approved invoices (item 11);that the Board Members Charlotte Brogren  Fredrik Hansson  Anders Mörck  Cecilia Wachtmeister and Niklas Edling shall be re-elected as Board Members  that Anna Kleine shall be elected as new Board Member and that Charlotte Brogren shall be re-elected as Chairman of the Board. Ulf Södergren has declined re-election. (item 12); andthat  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as the company’s auditor  with Johan Palmgren as auditor in charge for a mandate period of one year (item 13).Proposals from the Board of DirectorsResolution concerning the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet (item 9b)The Board of Directors proposes that the parent company’s profit of SEK 422 495 thousand and retained earnings of SEK 192 473 thousand  in total SEK 614 968 thousand is allocated so that SEK 3.00 per share  corresponding to SEK 139 928 thousand in total is distributed to the shareholders as dividend and that the remaining amount is carried forward. The proposed record date for the dividend is Monday 25 April 2022. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the estimated date for payment of the dividend from Euroclear Sweden is Thursday 28 April 2022.Approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal to guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal entails that senior executives  in addition to annual variable cash remuneration  shall be able to receive a long-term variable cash bonus (LTI bonus) amounting to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary per the last year in the measurement period.These guidelines apply to persons who  during the period of time that the guidelines are in effect  are members of HMS Networks’ group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of HMS Networks’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityHMS is a market-leading supplier of solutions for industrial ICT (Information and Communication Technology). HMS’ industrial communication products enables millions of machines  such as robots  frequency converters and air conditioning equipment  to be connected to different types of systems – a necessity to meet future demands for energy efficiency and suitability. In brief  HMS’ business strategy aims to achieve profitable growth in strategic markets  focus on sustainable product development  be a global actor with local presence and to have a sustainable supply chain. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of HMS’ business strategy and to the safeguarding of its interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The objective of HMS’ remuneration policy for senior executives is therefore to offer competitive and market-based remuneration  in order to attract  motivate and retain competent and skilled employees. These guidelines enable the company to offer a competitive total remuneration. Further information regarding HMS business strategy is available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com .HMS has ongoing long-term share-related incentive plans  which have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The plans comprise all employees within HMS and aims to give the employees an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company through a long-term owner commitment. The plans further enable HMS to offer a competitive total remuneration and thereby enabling the company to recruit and retain competent personnel. The performance criteria are currently linked to profit per share. Further  the incentive plans require own investment during a certain holding period. Further information on the incentive plans are available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com .Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration to senior executives shall be market-based and may consist of fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits  as well as further variable remuneration under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed cash salary shall be determined on the basis that it should be competitive together with short- and long term incentives. The absolute amount shall be determined based on the current position and the competence  experience and performance of the individual. The fixed cash salary shall be revised annually.Variable cash remuneration shall be based on predetermined and measurable financial and non-financial objectives of the group. The measurement period for the objectives for annual variable cash remuneration shall be one year and annual variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary. In addition to annual variable cash remuneration  senior executives shall be able to receive a long-term variable cash bonus (LTI bonus) amounting to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary per the last year in the measurement period. The LTI bonus shall be based on achieved financial and operational objectives  related to  for example  growth and operating profit  after a multi-year measurement period in three to five years.The distribution between fixed cash salary and variable cash remuneration shall be proportionate to the executive’s responsibility and authority. The objectives shall primarily relate to growth and profitability  where the relationship between these performance measures shall determine the outcome of variable cash remuneration. In addition  individual objectives may be established. The objectives shall be designed so as to contribute to HMS’ business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive’s long-term development.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits (Sw: sjukförsäkringsförmåner) shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premium may amount to a maximum of 35 per cent of the pensionable income up to 28.5 price base amounts  and a maximum of 25 per cent on exceeding salary components.For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits  shall be premium defined. Variable remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premium shall follow the ITP-plan and amount to a maximum of 30 per cent of the pensionable income.Other benefits may include  for example  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring)  occupational health care (Sw: företagshälsovård) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the fixed cash salary.Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are made for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable remuneration  etc.The Remuneration Committee shall prepare  monitor and evaluate matters related to variable cash remuneration for the Board of Directors. To the extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied  shall be determined when the measurement period has ended. Assessments of whether financial objectives have been met  shall be based on established financial information for the period. Remuneration to the CEO is decided by the Board of Directors  based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. Remuneration to other senior executives is decided by the CEO after consultation with the Remuneration Committee.Variable cash remuneration may be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (claw-back).Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed until further notice. For the CEO  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months. If notice of termination of employment of the CEO is made by the company  a severance pay corresponding to a maximum of twelve months fixed cash salary may be paid. Other income should not be deducted from the severance pay. If notice of termination of employment is made by the CEO  severance pay should not be paid. Between the company and other senior executives  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months  without any right to severance pay.Senior executives may be compensated for a non-compete undertaking after the termination of the employment  however  only to the extent severance pay is not paid during the same period of time. Such remuneration is intended to compensate the senior executive for the difference between the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of the employment  and the (lower) income obtained  or could be obtained  by a new employment agreement  assignment or own business. The remuneration may be paid during the period the non-compete undertaking is applicable  and no longer than a period of twelve months after the termination of the employment.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors’ proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of HMS have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee’s and the Board of Directors’ basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors’ shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in HMS. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serveHMS’ long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure HMS’ financialviability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Shareholder’s viewsThe Board of Directors has not received any views from the shareholders on the guidelines of remuneration for senior executives.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues in accordance with the following conditions:The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions up to the Annual General Meeting 2023.Maximum 2 340 943 shares  corresponding to approximately 5 per cent of the company’s share capital  may be issued.An issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right.An issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind.The subscription price shall  at deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  be determined in accordance with market practice. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to determine other terms of the issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  is to enable the company to finance or carry out  in whole or in part  company acquisitions with the company’s own shares. There have been requests from sellers of companies to receive shares in HMS Networks as payment in conjunction with acquisitions and in case of acquisitions of smaller entrepreneurial companies it might work as an important incentive for the seller to receive shares in HMS Networks.Under the Swedish Companies Act  the resolution of the General Meeting on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal on (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 (item 17)A. Implementation of performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employeesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on implementation of the below described Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 to all employees  comprising a maximum of 75 000 shares in the company  according to the following principal conditions:All permanent employees within the group as per 31 December 2022 (approximately 800 persons) will be offered to participate in the program. In order to participate in the program  the participant must  with own funds  make an investment of minimum 1% and maximum between 3% and 6% (depending on position  se item 2 below) of his or her annual fixed gross salary in shares in the company at market price over Nasdaq Stockholm (“Saving Shares”). Notification of participation in Share Saving Program 2023-2026 shall be made no later than 31 December 2022. The investment shall take place during 2023 and shall be made to an amount corresponding to minimum 1% of the gross salary for 2022  with the possibility to further investment up to the fixed maximum amount.For senior executives (approximately 90 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and a maximum of 6% of the gross salary for 2022. For other employees (approximately 710 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and maximum of 3% of the gross salary for 2022.Each Saving Share entitles the participant to receive free of charge a maximum of two (2) shares in the company  based on the achievement of certain performance conditions (“Performance Share”). The performance conditions are based on the development of earnings per share according to determined objectives by the Board of Directors during the financial years 2024-2026 (the “Measurement Period”). The performance condition that has to be achieved of exceeded relates to average annual growth of the company’s earnings per share during the Measurement Period  whereby Performance Shares is received linearly between the interval 0-20% and an average annual growth during the Measurement Period of 20% corresponds to maximum allotment  i.e. two (2) Performance Shares. Through the connection to earnings per share throughout the measurement period  the performance conditions contribute to the company’s long-term value creation.Upon achievement of the performance conditions  Performance Shares will be received within 60 days after the day of the publishing of the year-end report regarding the financial year 2026. Subject to customary exceptions  the participant does not receive Performance Shares if the participant does not acquire Saving Shares according to determined minimum level  does not hold all of his or her Saving Shares up to and including 31 December 2026  or does not remain in his or her employment or equivalent within the group as per this date.A small number of selected consultants with assignments of essential importance for the company should be offered to  on comparable terms and conditions  participate in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed terms and conditions of Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 within the scope the above stated principal terms and conditions  as well as such reasonable adjustments of the program which are deemed appropriate or efficient due to legal or administrative conditions. In addition  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make minor adjustments to the terms and conditions and the administration of the share saving plan  in order to comply with local rules  market practice and administrative circumstances  in a cost-effective manner in some of the group's jurisdictions other than Sweden.B. Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026To enable the company’s delivery of Performance Shares according to Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:The repurchase of shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2023.The repurchase shall as a maximum comprise the number of shares required for delivery of Matching and Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  however no more than 75 000 shares. Repurchase shall be made at a price within the share price interval registered from time to time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.Payment of the repurchased shares shall be made in cash.The Board of Directors shall have the right to resolve on other terms and conditions for the repurchase.The repurchase is expected to take place on one or several occasions in conjunction with the notification and investment periods during 2022 and 2023. To the extent that repurchase must be made after the Annual General Meeting 2023 in order to ensure delivery of shares according to the program’s maximum amount  a new authorisation for repurchase of shares is required by the next Annual General Meeting.C. Transfer of own shares to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026To be able to deliver Performance Shares under Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:A maximum number of 75 000 shares may be transferred free of charge to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.With deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the right to acquire shares free of charge shall comprise persons within the group participating in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  with a right for each of the participant to acquire the maximum number of shares stipulated in the terms and conditions of the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.Transfer of shares shall be made free of charge at the time for  and according to the terms for  the allotment of shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.The number of shares that may be transferred under Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 may be recalculated due to any intervening split or reverse share split  bonus issue  preferential issue and/or similar corporate actions.The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the company to transfer Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.Shares that have been acquired by the company  and which are not transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 may be transferred to participants in previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting of the company. Also such shares acquired by the company within previous years' share saving plans may be transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting. Transfer shall take place in accordance with applicable rules for the current share saving plan.Estimated costsThe program will generate costs related to the application of IFRS 2 “Share-related remuneration” amounting to approximately MSEK 25 and costs for social security contributions of approximately MSEK 8 for the shares which are allotted free of charge. The total effect on the income statement is estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 33  distributed over the years 2023-2026.Costs according to IFRS 2 do not affect the cash flow or equity during the duration of the Share Saving Plan. The acquisition cost of the shares is estimated to approximately MSEK 25 and will affect the cash flow and equity in connection with acquisition of the shares. The social security contributions effect the equity continuously  but the cash flow only in 2027  after that the shares has been allotted. Administrative costs for the program are estimated to amount to MSEK 0.8 during the duration of the program.The above cost-estimate is based on assumptions that just over half of the employees participate in the program  that all participants remain until the end of the program  an investment level per participant based on historical outcome and a maximum outcome on the performance conditions corresponding to two (2) Performance Shares per Saving Share. For the share price at the end of the program  a development corresponding to the outcome of the performance condition earnings per share has been assumed.Reason for the proposalThe Board of Directors’ reason for the abovementioned proposal on Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 is that a personal long-term owner commitment in the company by the employees is expected to stimulate an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company. The offering and participation in the Share Saving Plan shall be considered as a part of the total remuneration package. Therefore  the Board of Directors assesses that the Share Saving Plan is favourably for both the company and its shareholders. It is the Board of Directors’ intention to annually return to the Annual General Meeting with proposals for share saving plans with equivalent conditions and effects. In case the conditions for the assumptions on number of employees that may be offered to participate in the share saving program or otherwise that is the basis for the calculations of the maximum size of the program change  the Board of Directors’ intends to return with a supplementary proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2023 regarding repurchase and transfer of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  in order to ensure that all employees as per 31 December 2022 who wish to participate in the program can do so.Effects on key ratiosAs per the date of the Board of Directors’ proposal  the number of shares in the company amounts to 46 818 868. The Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 is expected to result in acquisition and transfer of a total of approximately 75 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.15% of the total number of outstanding shares and votes. The key ratio earnings per share is not expected to be affected substantially.Majority resolutionDecision on the Board of Directors’ proposal under items A  B and C shall be made as a joint decision. The proposal  to be valid  must be supported by shareholders holding at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast  as well as of the number of shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and CEO shall at the Annual General Meeting  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company’s or its subsidiaries’ financial situation and the company’s relation to another company within the group.Available documentsThe Annual Report and Auditor’s Report for the parent company and the group for the 2021 financial year  the Board of Directors reasoned statement regarding the proposal for dividend  the Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement and the Board of Directors complete proposal regarding items 14-17 and the auditors’ statement on whether the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives have been complied with  are presented by being available at the company and on the company’s website www.hms-networks.com   as of 31 March 2022  and will be sent to all shareholders who so request and state their postal address. A printed version of the Annual Report may be received by sending address details to ir@hms.se .Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 46 818 868. The company’s holding of own shares amounts to 176 320 which do not entitle to any voting right as long as the company is the holder of the shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on processing of personal data  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .....................................................Halmstad  March 2022HMS Networks AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information please contact:CEO Staffan Dahlström  phone: +46-35-17 29 01CFO Joakim Nideborn  phone: +46-35-710 69 83HMS Networks AB (publ) is a market-leading provider of solutions in industrial information and communication technology (Industrial ICT). HMS develops and manufactures products under the Anybus®  Ixxat®  Ewon® and Intesis® brands. Development takes place at the headquarter in Halmstad and also in Ravensburg  Nivelles  Bilbao  Igualada  Wetzlar  Buchen and Delft. Local sales and support are handled by branch offices in Germany  USA  Japan  China  Singapore  Italy  France  Spain  the Netherlands  India  UK  Sweden  South Korea and UAE  as well as through a worldwide network of distributors and partners. HMS employs over 700 people and reported sales of SEK 1 972 million in 2021. HMS is listed on the NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm  category Large Cap  Information Technology.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'performance-based Share Saving Plan', 'new share issues Resolution', 'P.O. Box', 'personal ID number/CIN', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Staffan Dahlström', 'Patrik Jönsson', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'HMS head office', 'daytime telephone number', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Chairman Johan Menckel', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'Consolidated Auditors’ Report', 'remuneration report Resolution', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Board Members Election', 'Annual Report', 'share register', 'voting list', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'Meeting Preparation', 'HMS website', 'Meeting Election', 'registration certificate', 'Such registration', 'Thursday 21 April', 'Monday 11 April', 'Wednesday 13 April', 'legal entity', 'other document', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'senior executives', 'SEB Funds', 'Tomas Risbecker', 'AMF Funds', 'Charlotte Brogren', 'six Boar', 'CEO Resolution', 'Auditor Resolution', 'current guidelines', 'Directors proposition', 'Agenda Election', 'minutes Determination', 'Auditor Election', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Stationsgatan', 'Halmstad', '9.30 a', 'notice', 'intention', 'Notification', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'hms-networks', 'name', 'address', 'information', 'assistants', 'Proxies', 'proxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'signatory', 'authority', 'validity', 'original', 'email', 'generalmeetingservice', 'advance', 'company', 'order', 'addition', 'participation', 'presentation', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'Story', 'Opening', 'approval', 'compliance', 'items', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Deputies', 'fees', 'authorisation', 'implementation', 'employees', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'participants', 'proposals', 'holding', '10.30', '4']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1081,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/ukraine/2022-03-21/china-helping-russia-hide-money,Is China Helping Russia Hide Money?,But now  because of the sanctions placed on Russia’s central bank  he is cut off from his mountain of money.U.S. Treasury Department statistics at the time showed Russia’s holdings plunging from $96 billion to $15 billion over two months.PUTIN’S WAR CHESTOnce Putin began preparing for a major invasion of Ukraine  the stage was set for another big move in Russia’s Treasury stash.Throughout that year  the assets of its central bank  the People’s Bank of China (PBOC)  rose in tandem with Belgian Treasury holdings.And by circumventing sanctions this way  China and Russia would work to erode Western financial and political influence.,Sanctions “will stop Putin from using his war chest ” European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen pledged on February 26  days after Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine. “We will paralyze the assets of Russia's central bank.”And  indeed  since attacking Ukraine  Russia has been hit with the harshest sanctions it has faced since the end of the Cold War. Already on February 22  the day after Russia recognized the territorial claims of the self-declared separatist republics in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine  the United States and its allies blocked major Russian firms and elites from Western markets. Four days later  after Russia launched a full-scale attack on its southern neighbor  the United States  the United Kingdom  Canada  and the European Union sanctioned Russia’s central bank and kicked Russian banks off of SWIFT  the messaging platform for clearing international bank transactions. And as the invasion’s second week drew to a close and Russian forces encircled Ukrainian cities  U.S. President Joe Biden banned the import of Russian oil  natural gas  and coal into the United States  depriving the Kremlin of vital revenue.Though Russia has thus far escaped an EU ban on its critical oil and gas exports  its banishment from global financial markets has already hammered its economy. The February 26 sanctions sent international investors racing from Russian markets. In mere hours  the ruble lost nearly a third of its value. Barred from selling its foreign currency reserves  Russia’s central bank hiked interest rates from 9.5 percent to 20 percent to staunch ruble selling and slow the currency’s depreciation  while the government ordered Russian exporters to disgorge 80 percent of their foreign currency revenues. Such measures will help the regime conserve dollars in the short run—but by massively raising the cost of business capital and consumer borrowing  they will inflict a powerful blow to Russia’s capacity to sustain a lengthy major war.By all appearances  Russian President Vladimir Putin grossly underestimated the scale and scope of the sanctions response to his invasion. Having amassed $630 billion in foreign reserves  Putin was confident in his ability to weather whatever the West would throw at him. But now  because of the sanctions placed on Russia’s central bank  he is cut off from his mountain of money.Or is he?Our research suggests that Russia may have stashed tens of billions of dollars in reserve assets in opaque offshore accounts  where it holds dollar-denominated securities beyond the reach of international sanctions and asset freezes. We see indications  in fact  that across two different periods—one in mid-2018 and the other late last year  as Russia built up troops on the Ukrainian border—Russia may have secluded up to $80 billion in Treasury securities offshore. Russia’s total offshore dollar holdings  of course  could be higher still. And there are signs  too  that Russia may have moved some of its dollars with help from a foreign government.If the West aims to make Putin pay for and end his illegal aggression  then it should  as the saying goes  follow the money. And it may need new measures to prevent him from using that money to prolong the war for months while continuing to fund Russia’s economy.HIDDEN IN PLAIN SIGHTThough today’s financial emergency may be the worst to befall Russia since the ruble crisis of 1998  when Moscow was forced to restructure over $70 billion in debt  the West’s sanctions may be less watertight than media reports and the comments of world leaders suggest. If the United States and its allies are determined to use financial strangulation to force Russia out of Ukraine—and possibly to force Putin from power—they need to consider the ways in which the Russian government may have prepared to soldier on under even these historic restrictions. Importantly  we believe Putin’s regime may actually hold tens of billions of dollars’ worth of U.S. Treasuries that cannot currently be traced to Russia.Back in 2018  there were startling reports in Western media that Russia had dumped nearly all of its Treasury debt. U.S. Treasury Department statistics at the time showed Russia’s holdings plunging from $96 billion to $15 billion over two months. We were skeptical that Russia had sold the $81 billion difference. After all  most international trade—and nearly 90 percent of foreign exchange transactions—involves U.S. dollars. Given that Treasuries are the investment of choice for any government with an imminent need for dollars  a selloff that size seemed implausible.The Treasury Department’s data  however  did not mean that Russia had necessarily sold the entire $81 billion of securities. Russia could simply have moved the Treasuries outside the United States. We therefore examined figures from Russia’s central bank  which suggested a far smaller figure for Treasury sales—about $43 billion. That left $38 billion unaccounted for. Where had it gone?Putin’s regime may hold tens of billions of dollars’ worth of U.S. Treasuries that cannot currently be traced to Russia.We then examined holdings of Treasuries in the two most popular offshore centers: the Cayman Islands and Belgium  the latter being home to the international custodial bank Euroclear  which holds securities on behalf of depositors. Over the same two months of Russia’s alleged dumps in 2018  we found anomalously large rises in Cayman holdings of $20 billion and Belgian holdings of $25 billion. The $45 billion total was more than enough to account for the missing Russian holdings.The Treasury Department does not disclose the identities of those actually purchasing securities  nor would U.S. officials necessarily have this information. Government surveys of brokers and custodians do not collect it. Euroclear itself might not even know the ultimate owners of securities it handles. Instead of dealing directly with Euroclear  the Russian central bank could  for instance  transfer its securities to a financial intermediary—such as a private bank  a shell corporation  or even a foreign government—and direct that entity to deposit them with the custodian. Such maneuvering could obscure Russia’s involvement altogether.Regardless  in 2018 it should have been no surprise that Russia would move Treasuries offshore  as it was widely known that this option was available and effective. It had long been believed that China was parking Treasuries at Euroclear to disguise their ownership and shield them from scrutiny. In China’s case  it may have offshored the bonds to mask its interventions in foreign exchange markets  as it had long managed the renminbi’s dollar value by buying and selling reserves stored in the form of Treasury securities. Russia’s motivations  however  would be different.Stashing dollar-denominated securities in offshore accounts makes them harder to target for U.S. sanctions. The Kremlin has keenly felt the threat from sanctions since its 2014 annexation of Crimea and subsequent military backing of pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine  when Western countries froze Russian assets and restricted its trade. For this reason  then  hiding Treasuries offshore would be an attractive option for Putin. His $38 billion stash of dollar assets  if still hidden in Belgium  the Caymans  or another haven  could be critical for Russia’s ability to purchase essential imports or meet interest payments on its sovereign debt.PUTIN’S WAR CHESTOnce Putin began preparing for a major invasion of Ukraine  the stage was set for another big move in Russia’s Treasury stash. According to U.S. Treasury Department numbers published on February 15  Belgium’s—that is  Euroclear’s—Treasury bond holdings surged in December 2021 by a whopping $47 billion. (The Cayman holdings stayed flat that month.) That spike is Belgium’s largest one-month rise since early 2014.China was almost certainly behind the 2014 surge. Throughout that year  the assets of its central bank  the People’s Bank of China (PBOC)  rose in tandem with Belgian Treasury holdings. The PBOC was evidently building up its war chest of dollar reserves and storing them in Treasuries  held through Euroclear. In 2021  however  the PBOC’s reserves stayed flat  indicating a different source for the sudden rise in Belgium’s holdings.If the West aims to make Putin pay for his illegal aggression  then it should follow the money.That source is likely Russia. By December  the Kremlin undoubtedly anticipated that if it invaded Ukraine  harsh Western sanctions would choke off its access to dollars. To stave off the worst effects of such sanctions  it would make sense for Russia  prior to invasion  to buy up dollar-denominated assets and stash them in offshore accounts. That would explain the massive uptick in Belgian Treasury holdings. In any case  no other single country with motive to disguise its holdings from U.S. authorities could possibly account for it.Following Western sanctions  Euroclear has stopped clearing purchases of Russian securities and other ruble-denominated transactions. These moves align with other Western companies’ steps to counter Russia’s invasion  and as far as we can tell  Euroclear has followed all of its obligations under existing sanctions. But Euroclear has not announced restrictions on anyone selling non-Russian securities  such as Treasury bonds. And although the sanctions have banned transactions with major Russian banks  Moscow could easily have used non-Russian intermediaries when placing its Treasury holdings with Euroclear. In other words  the Russian central bank could have structured its transactions to bypass sanctions altogether. Mere months before being slapped with allegedly comprehensive financial sanctions  then  Russia may have secluded yet another $40 billion or more in Treasuries from which it can draw in a pinch.CHINA’S HELPING HAND?It is not yet clear which intermediaries Russia would have used to stash Treasuries offshore. One strong possibility  however  is China  with which Putin now appears allied. In December 2021  at the same time that Belgium’s Treasury holdings surged by $47 billion  Russia’s central bank reported a massive $41 billion increase in its currency and deposits held at “other national central banks.” That jump dwarfed all other monthly changes in this statistic since Russia began reporting it in 2005. And the most likely recipient of those deposits is the PBOC.The Russian central bank and sovereign wealth fund hold an estimated $140 billion in Chinese bonds—about four times the total in early 2018. Data from June 2021 also show China holding 14.2 percent of Russia’s foreign reserves  the largest share of any country. And their partnership extends well beyond the financial arena: late last year  Russia and China held a series of joint military exercises and issued joint diplomatic statements aimed at the West. It would make sense  therefore  for Russia to deposit $41 billion in renminbi or assorted currencies with the PBOC. The PBOC could have then exchanged the currencies for dollars  crediting Russia for a $41 billion deposit  and used the dollars to buy Treasuries for storage at Euroclear. Chinese President Xi Jinping  who just last week condemned Western sanctions as “harmful to all sides ” appears fully supportive of that sort of maneuvering.This money would not necessarily leave a clear trail in the PBOC’s massive $3.2 trillion balance sheet  as the central bank could have spread it across multiple line items. The PBOC could  for example  have deposited some with state-controlled banks and directed them to buy Treasuries for safekeeping at Euroclear. Such an arrangement would explain why the PBOC’s currency and deposits with China-headquartered banks jumped by an unprecedented $13 billion last December—at the same time that the anomalous Belgian and Russian financial data were recorded. Alternatively  the PBOC might have kept the transaction off its balance sheet altogether. It is impossible  based on the information we have now  to know how Russia and China might have structured such an arrangement  but regardless  Russia would be able to withdraw the dollars whenever it pleases. The PBOC would simply sell the Treasuries and transfer the proceeds to Russia. Western authorities would be none the wiser  while Western financial institutions would not necessarily have violated any sanctions policies. And by circumventing sanctions this way  China and Russia would work to erode Western financial and political influence.SEAL THE GAPSIn early December  the Biden administration disclosed intelligence reports that foresaw Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Yet the U.S. government only published its data on the soaring Belgian bond stash nine days before Russia launched its attack in February. Had U.S. authorities been able to monitor Euroclear’s changing holdings in real time  it would have added to the early indications that Moscow was planning to go ahead with an invasion.There are clear limits to the financial detective work that we can do from our desktops. But our research suggests that Western governments may not be doing all they can—and should—to choke off Russia’s access to the dollars it needs to fund its war in Ukraine. The keys  we believe  lie in Russian money flowing through Brussels and Beijing.As financial sanctions become the West’s weapon of choice in facing down aggressive autocracies  the United States and its allies need to better integrate cross-border “follow the money” strategies into their diplomatic and military arsenal to ensure success. Such strategies can help authorities close loopholes in existing sanctions  detect and restrict evasive transactions through financial intermediaries  and penalize state and third-party actors that undermine global restrictions. Moreover  they can buttress conventional intelligence efforts in predicting and countering adversary behavior. Sanctions programs that do not root out large-scale evasive money flows  however  will prove too porous to deter or reverse targeted behavior.,negative,0.03,0.38,0.59,negative,0.02,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['China', 'Russia', 'Money', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'U.S. President Joe Biden', 'U.S. Treasury Department statistics', 'total offshore dollar holdings', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'The Treasury Department', 'U.S. Treasuries', 'opaque offshore accounts', 'U.S. dollars', 'foreign exchange transactions', 'two different periods', 'most international trade', 'major Russian firms', 'lengthy major war', 'foreign currency revenues', 'global financial markets', 'international bank transactions', 'foreign currency reserves', 'European Union', 'foreign reserves', 'Treasury sales', 'Russian markets', 'international investors', 'Treasury securities', 'Russian banks', 'Russian forces', 'Russian oil', 'Russian exporters', 'Western markets', 'financial emergency', 'financial strangulation', 'Treasury debt', 'central bank', 'foreign government', 'international sanctions', 'war chest', 'Cold War', 'territorial claims', 'separatist republics', 'Donbas region', 'United States', 'full-scale attack', 'southern neighbor', 'United Kingdom', 'messaging platform', 'second week', 'Ukrainian cities', 'natural gas', 'vital revenue', 'EU ban', 'critical oil', 'gas exports', 'mere hours', 'a third', 'interest rates', 'Such measures', 'short run', 'business capital', 'consumer borrowing', 'powerful blow', 'asset freezes', 'Ukrainian border', 'illegal aggression', 'new measures', 'PLAIN SIGHT', 'media reports', 'world leaders', 'historic restrictions', 'startling reports', 'Western media', 'two months', '$81 billion difference', 'imminent need', 'smaller figure', 'Russian government', 'dollar-denominated securities', 'harshest sanctions', 'sanctions response', 'reserve assets', 'dollars’ worth', 'ruble crisis', 'eastern Ukraine', 'February 26 sanctions', 'invasion', 'end', 'declared', 'allies', 'elites', 'Canada', 'SWIFT', 'close', 'import', 'coal', 'Kremlin', 'banishment', 'economy', 'value', '9.5 percent', '20 percent', 'depreciation', '80 percent', 'regime', 'cost', 'capacity', 'appearances', 'scope', 'ability', 'mountain', 'money', 'research', 'tens', 'billions', 'reach', 'indications', 'fact', 'mid-2018', 'troops', 'course', 'signs', 'help', 'saying', 'HIDDEN', 'Moscow', 'comments', 'ways', 'time', '90 percent', 'investment', 'choice', 'selloff', 'size', 'data', 'entire $', 'figures']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,foreignaffairs.com
1082,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-2022-03-21/,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,"LONDON  March 21 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext (ENX.PA) and the London Stock Exchange Group .","LONDON  March 21 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterFnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext (ENX.PA) and the London Stock Exchange Group .Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander (SAN.MC)  BNY Mellon (BK.N)  Barclays (BARC.L)  CIBC (CM.TO)  Commerzbank (CBKG.DE)  Credit Suisse (CSGN.S)  ING (INGA.AS)  KBC Group (KBC.BR)  Lloyds Banking Group   Mizuho Bank (8411.T)  MUFG Bank (8306.T)  Nasdaq (NDAQ.O)  State Street Corporation (STT.N)  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (8316.T) and UBS (UBSG.S).($1 = 0.9062 euros)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund BlairOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Securities settlement house', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'The Bank', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'digital securities', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'BK.N', 'BARC.L', 'CBKG.DE', 'Credit Suisse', 'INGA.AS', 'KBC.BR', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'NDAQ.O', 'STT.N', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'ENX.', 'MC', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'CSGN', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,reuters.com
1083,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Invests Undisclosed Sum in Fnalityhttps://t.co/bk0gf1XblS,nan,Euroclear Invests Undisclosed Sum in Fnalityhttps://t.co/bk0gf1XblS,neutral,0.04,0.83,0.13,neutral,0.04,0.83,0.13,True,English,"['Undisclosed Sum', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'bk0gf1XblS', 'Undisclosed Sum', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'bk0gf1XblS']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1084,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights   https://t.co/kt0axaDB1L   #Blockchain  #Bitcoin,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights   https://t.co/kt0axaDB1L   #Blockchain  #Bitcoin,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'kt0axaDB1L', 'Bitcoin', 'Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'kt0axaDB1L', 'Bitcoin']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1085,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights https://t.co/1up0VlWvfq,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights https://t.co/1up0VlWvfq,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'up0VlWvfq', 'Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'up0VlWvfq']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1086,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights https://t.co/PTCLM6HNn6 https://t.co/ZPlAkcZmQe,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights https://t.co/PTCLM6HNn6 https://t.co/ZPlAkcZmQe,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'PTCLM6HNn6', 'ZPlAkcZmQe', 'Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'PTCLM6HNn6', 'ZPlAkcZmQe']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1087,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights https://t.co/gvPegZu4yR #blockchain,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC - Ledger Insights https://t.co/gvPegZu4yR #blockchain,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'gvPegZu4yR', 'Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'gvPegZu4yR']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1088,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/2VwNb11yxA Euroclear Invests Undisclosed Sum in Fnality,nan,https://t.co/2VwNb11yxA Euroclear Invests Undisclosed Sum in Fnality,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['VwNb11yxA', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'VwNb11yxA', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1089,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,INFO 📰: Euroclear joins bank-backed #blockchain payment system - https://t.co/Hp2UgRqbMF(Source: Reuters)https://t.co/VfVJuIH9nu,nan,INFO 📰: Euroclear joins bank-backed #blockchain payment system - https://t.co/Hp2UgRqbMF(Source: Reuters)https://t.co/VfVJuIH9nu,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['bank-backed #blockchain payment system', 'INFO', 'Euroclear', 'Hp2UgRqbMF', 'Source', 'Reuters', 'VfVJuIH9nu', 'bank-backed #blockchain payment system', 'INFO', 'Euroclear', 'Hp2UgRqbMF', 'Source', 'Reuters', 'VfVJuIH9nu']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1090,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,.@EuroclearGroup  has invested in @fnality the blockchain payment system for securities owned by 15 financial insti… https://t.co/JDPCpSB240,nan,.@EuroclearGroup  has invested in @fnality the blockchain payment system for securities owned by 15 financial insti… https://t.co/JDPCpSB240,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['blockchain payment system', 'EuroclearGroup', 'securities', 'JDPCpSB240', 'blockchain payment system', 'EuroclearGroup', 'securities', 'JDPCpSB240']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1091,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fnality is a project of Euroclearhttps://t.co/yV2bS3VNof,nan,Fnality is a project of Euroclearhttps://t.co/yV2bS3VNof,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.03,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.03,True,English,"['Fnality', 'project', 'Euroclear', 'yV2bS3VNof', 'Fnality', 'project', 'Euroclear', 'yV2bS3VNof']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1092,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/4gvmt39XVZ,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/4gvmt39XVZ,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'gvmt39XVZ', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'gvmt39XVZ']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1093,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Tech #NewsFlash 03/21Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - https://t.co/M4JjIBV9XP… https://t.co/2WZ3wTcu41,nan,#Tech #NewsFlash 03/21Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - https://t.co/M4JjIBV9XP… https://t.co/2WZ3wTcu41,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'NewsFlash', 'Euroclear', 'M4JjIBV9XP', 'WZ3wTcu41', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'NewsFlash', 'Euroclear', 'M4JjIBV9XP', 'WZ3wTcu41']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1094,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality #Fintech https://t.co/vudVuPi5q6 #regtech,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality #Fintech https://t.co/vudVuPi5q6 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'Fintech', 'vudVuPi5q6', 'regtech', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'Fintech', 'vudVuPi5q6', 'regtech']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1095,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/qtc38Go4fS by @Finextra 2022-03-21 10:22:00,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/qtc38Go4fS by @Finextra 2022-03-21 10:22:00,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'qtc38Go4fS', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'qtc38Go4fS']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1096,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/IKJvnyMWoz #fintech,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/IKJvnyMWoz #fintech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'IKJvnyMWoz', 'fintech', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'IKJvnyMWoz', 'fintech']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1097,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain  https://t.co/a9m0u2O2Tr,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain  https://t.co/a9m0u2O2Tr,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'a9m0u2O2Tr', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'a9m0u2O2Tr']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1098,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo-301506819.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo,UPPSALA  Sweden  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21 April 2022  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsga…,"UPPSALA  Sweden  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21 April 2022  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala  Sweden.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 11 April 2022  and notify Orexo of their intention to attend the meeting not later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 by post to Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to [email protected].The notification shall set forth the name  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held  telephone number (daytime) and  where applicable  number of assistants (not more than two) that the shareholder intends to bring to the meeting. Shareholders to be represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney (original document) and a certificate of registration or equivalent together with the notification of attendance. A proxy form is available at www.orexo.com.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 13 April 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.When this notice to attend the annual general meeting is issued  the total number of shares in the company is 34 710 639 with 34 710 639 votes. In total the company holds 382 732 own shares. The number of own shares is based on the company's holding as per the close of 18th of March 2022  the last trading day prior to the announcement of the notice.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the chief executive officer.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements.9. Presentation of the work performed by the board of directors and its committees.10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.11. Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet.12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer.13. Determination of the number of board members and auditors.14. Determination of fees for the board members and the auditor.15. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditor.16. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval.17. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management.18. Resolution regarding nomination committee.19. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares.20. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares.21. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022.22. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022.23. Closing of the meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  13  14 and 15)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB) and Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) proposes:- that Rikard Lindahl  member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2) - that the board of directors shall consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 13) - that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors (item 13) - that the fees to the board of directors shall amount to SEK 3 550 000 to be allocated as follows: SEK 900 000 to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members  and in total SEK 400 000 to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives SEK 200 000 and SEK 200 000 are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total SEK 150 000 to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14) - that the independent board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 050 000  subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 450 000 to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and SEK 100 000 to each of Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach of his/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). James Noble has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14) - that the board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Henrik Kjær Hansen  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie and Charlotte Hansson are re-elected and that Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly are elected as new board members  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15) - that James Noble is re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  and- that Ernst & Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal is in accordance with the recommendation by the audit committee (item 15).Allocation of the company's result (item 11)The board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2021 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward.Proposal regarding resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 17)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' proposal concerning principles and guidelines for the remuneration of the company's executive management in accordance with what is stated below.The executive management of Orexo falls within the provisions of these guidelines. Executive management refers to board members  the CEO and other members of the executive management  which comprised seven persons by the end of 2021. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's business strategy is the following.Orexo has developed from being an R&D stage company to becoming a profitable fully integrated specialty pharmaceutical company with its own commercial business in the US. From a strong operational and financial platform  Orexo is aiming to become a leader in the treatment of mental illness and substance use disorder. To achieve this  the commercial business will be broadened through business development  M&A and launch of proprietary pharmaceuticals and digital therapies.Orexo's objectives and strategies onwards is to broaden the US commercial platform to leverage scale and expand sales  further accelerate Orexo US performance and EBIT contributions as well as to launch at least one new product from the pipeline within three years.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Long-term share-related incentive plans have been implemented in the company. Such plans have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The long-term share-related incentive plans for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group and for Group Management Team and US Leadership Team employees  respectively  proposed by the board of directors and submitted to the annual general meeting 2022 for approval are excluded for the same reason. The proposed plans substantially correspond to existing plans for senior executives and employees. The current plans include certain executives and employees within the Orexo group. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the plans are distinctly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. These performance criteria currently comprise the share price development  the surpassing of a certain index or the meeting of certain financing and operating objectives  and thereby organic growth and product development. Further  the plans are conditional upon certain holding periods.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.Orexo shall offer terms of employment that are in line with market rates so that the company can recruit and retain skilled personnel. Remuneration to the executive management shall comprise a fixed salary  variable remuneration  long-term incentive programs  pensions and other customary benefits. Remuneration is based on the individual's commitment and performance in relation to previously established goals  both individual goals and goals for the entire company. Individual performance is continuously evaluated.Fixed salary is generally reviewed on an annual basis and shall be based on the qualitative performance of the individual. The fixed salary of the executive management shall be in line with market conditions.The executive management may be offered cash bonuses. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. Variable remuneration shall take into account the individual's level of responsibility and degree of influence. The size of variable remuneration is based on the percentage of predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promoting the executive's long-term development. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation of the variable cash remuneration to the CEO and the other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company. The variable remuneration shall amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for the CEO  up to 30 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management in Sweden and up to 60 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for members of the executive management employed in the US subsidiary. The majority of the variable remuneration shall be based on the sales development and the financial results at group and subsidiary level. The percentage rate in relation to US employees reflects the subsidiary's significance for the group's earnings as well as an American labor market that is requiring an increased share of variable remuneration in order to attract and retain key employees. Furthermore  the board of directors shall have the option of allocating further variable non-recurring remuneration to the management when the board deems it to be appropriate. Such allocation of non-recurring remuneration may  after consolidation with other variable remuneration  amount to a maximum of 70 percent of the annual fixed cash salary.The CEO and the other members of the executive management are covered by defined contribution pension plans  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring). Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits except to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the executive. The pension premiums paid by the company to the CEO amount to 20 percent of the annual fixed cash salary and amount to not more than 25 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management team.The employment agreement with the CEO may be terminated with six months' notice. Employment agreements with the other members of the executive management may be terminated with a notice of between zero and six months. The CEO is entitled to severance pay equivalent to six months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. The other members of the executive management are entitled to severance pay equivalent to between 3 and 12 months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. Upon notice from the executive  there is no right to severance pay.In addition  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than 12 months following termination of employment.Executives may be awarded customary other benefits  such as company car and travel between the place of residence and the workplace. Such other benefits may amount to not more than 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.The board is entitled  if it assesses that this is warranted in an individual case  to assign company work to a board member over and above the board assignment  in which case the board member may be granted reasonable remuneration.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board of directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting.The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board of directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Resolution regarding nomination committee (item 18)The nomination committee proposes that the meeting resolves that the company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  together with the chairman of the board. If any of the three largest shareholders declines to appoint a member to the nomination committee  additional shareholders are  by order of size  to be offered appointment until three members are appointed. The names of the members of the nomination committee and the names of the shareholders they represent shall be made public not later than six months before the annual general meeting and be based on shareholding statistics provided by Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August 2022. Unless the members of the nomination committee agree otherwise  the member representing the largest shareholder  based on the number of votes held  shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. If a shareholder representative no longer represents the owner or leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder shall be entitled to appoint a new member of the nomination committee. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to remove such member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. In the event a shareholder that has appointed a member is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  the appointed member shall resign and be replaced by a new member in accordance with the above procedure. Unless special circumstances apply  no changes should be made in the composition of the nomination committee as a result of minor changes in voting rights or changes in voting rights which occur later than two months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be made public as soon as possible.The nomination committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the general meeting on chairman of the meeting  board members  chairman of the board  board fees to each of the board members and the chairman as well as remuneration for committee work  if any  fees to the company's auditor  and  when applicable  proposal regarding election of new auditor. Further  the nomination committee shall prepare and propose principles for the composition of the nomination committee to the annual general meeting 2023. The nomination committee shall be entitled to charge the company with costs for consultants and other expenses necessary for the nomination committee to carry out its duties.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 19)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time  being increased by more than a total of 10 per cent. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or to enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  as many own shares as may be purchased without the company's holding at any time exceeding 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares shall be purchased on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  to transfer (sell) own shares. Transfers may be carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Transfers may also be made in other ways  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. Upon such transfers  the price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice. Transfers of own shares may be made of up to such number of shares as is held by the company at the time of the board of director's resolution regarding the transfer.The purpose of the authorization to repurchase own shares is to promote efficient capital usage in the company  to provide flexibility as regards the company's possibilities to distribute capital to its shareholders and for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base or for use in the context of the company's incentive plans.The board of director's statement in accordance with chapter 19 section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022 (item 21)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for not more than 130 selected employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP 2022"").LTIP 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 1 921 138 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 576 542 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 1 344 596 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is intended for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of the senior executives and employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible following the annual general meeting 2022 and no later than on 30 June 2022. Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  approximately 33 percent (one third) will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to approximately 67 percent (two thirds) will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the annual report for 2022.AllocationThe participants are divided into two allocation categories: (i) CEO and other members of group management; (ii) other personnel. The maximum number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options that a participant may be granted in LTIP 2022 depends on the category to which the participant belongs.To ensure that the value of the share-based remuneration does not reach an unintended level in relation to other remuneration  the value of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted to the CEO and group management must not  at the time of the grant  exceed a value equal to the person's current annual base salary. For other personnel the value must not exceed 33 percent of the annual base salary.The board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after the annual general meeting. Several factors will be considered in order to secure recruitment  retention and motivation when deciding upon individual allocations including position within Orexo  individual performance and total value of current remuneration package. Individual allocation cannot exceed the above-mentioned limit for the category that the individual belongs to. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent will constitute Share Awards and 70 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.The share price that is to form the basis for calculating the number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options is to correspond to the average last price paid during a given period of trading. This period comprises the first ten days of trading immediately following the date of the 2022 annual general meeting. The share price is then divided by the individual granting value in order to arrive at the total number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted per participant.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 30.7 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 50.9 million before tax.LTIP 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022 (item 22)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for certain Global Management Team (""GMT"") employees and US Leadership Team (""USLT"") employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP Stay-on 2022""). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is proposed to include up to approximately 13 GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group.LTIP Stay-on 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP Stay-on 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 56 000 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is intended for certain GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group and qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant either keeping shares from allocations in Orexo's other on-going long-term incentive programs (the ""implemented LTIPs"") or investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. The board of directors further believes that LTIP Stay-on 2022 constitutes an important incentive for GMT and USLT employees to keep shares in the company. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of GMT and USLT employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP Stay-on 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- Qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant (i) keeping shares from allocations in any of Orexo's implemented LTIPs between 1 May 2022 and 31 July 2022 (""Opt-in 1"")  or (ii) investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant between 1 February 2023 and 30 April 2023 (""Opt-in 2"").- Under Opt-in 1  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 31 July 2022 and no later than on 31 August 2022.- Under Opt-in 2  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 30 April 2023 and no later than on 31 May 2023.- Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 50 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participant to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company  free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after the granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to 50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the Annual Report for 2022.AllocationEvery five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participants of LTIP Stay-on 2022 to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent will constitute Share Awards and 50 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.In relation to allocation under Opt-in 1  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 31 July 2022. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 2  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 30 April 2023.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP Stay-on 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP Stay-on 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP Stay-on 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP Stay-on 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP Stay-on 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 1.1 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 1.7 million before tax.LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP Stay-on 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in item 19 shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting and resolutions in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in items 20  21 and 22 shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The annual report and all other documents  including the nomination committees' motivated statement and the auditor's report pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  in Uppsala and at www.orexo.se no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Uppsala  Sweden March 2022Orexo AB (publ)The board of directorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/orexo/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo c3529169The following files are available for download:SOURCE Orexo",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,negative,0.03,0.46,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Orexo', 'new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP', 'P.O. Box', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Berner Møller', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'chief executive officer', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'eight board members', 'other board members', 'new shares', 'executive management', 'other members', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'annual report', 'Thursday 21 April', 'Rapsgatan 7E', 'share register', 'Monday 11 April', 'Wednesday 13 April', 'original document', 'securities institution', 'last trading', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'equal parts', 'deputy members', 'Orexo AB', 'nomination committee', 'audit committee', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'indirect holding', 'remuneration committee', 'total number', 'deputy auditors', 'remuneration report', 'total SEK', 'telephone number', 'UPPSALA', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'facilities', 'Participation', 'intention', 'post', 'telefax', 'mail', 'notification', 'name', 'daytime', 'assistants', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'attendance', 'nominee', 'bank', 'advance', 'notice', 'company', '34,710,639 votes', 'close', '18th', 'March', 'announcement', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'work', 'directors', 'committees', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'authorization', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', 'Claus', '16.00', '382,732', '14.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,prnewswire.com
1099,Euroclear,Bing API,https://cointelegraph.com/news/euroclear-invests-in-fnality-to-advance-digital-ledger-technology-strategy,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy,Euroclear provides settlement and custody of domestic and cross-border securities for bonds  equities  derivatives  and investment funds.,"On Monday  Euroclear  a securities clearing firm that claims it has over 37.6 trillion euros in assets under custody  announced an investment into Fnality  a consortium of financial institutions focused on the regulated adoption of tokenized assets and marketplaces  for an undisclosed amount. Meanwhile  Euroclear is also focusing on developing its distributed ledger technology  or DLT  to settle digital securities against digital cash through the partnership.The solution aims to increase the speed and efficiency of post-trade operations in areas such as market issuance  collateral trades and servicing interest payments. Founded in 2019  Fnality International said that it seeks to improve the efficiency of central banks for payment settlements. Its notable shareholders include Barclays  CIBC  Credit Suisse  ING  Mizuho Bank Nasdaq and UBS. Regarding the development  CEO of Fnality International Rhomaios Ram said:""Welcoming Euroclear Group as an investor into the Fnality International consortium will significantly enhance the diversification of Fnality’s network and expand our footprint around Financial Market Infrastructure.""Meanwhile  Lieve Mostrey  CEO of Euroclear Group  added: ""We are pleased to be working with Fnality and our clients in shaping a solution on wholesale digital cash and digital securities settlement for the benefit of the whole industry.” Previously  Euroclear had led a central bank digital currency  or CBDC  experiment to settle French government bonds on the DLT in a partnership with the Banque de France. The Euroclear Group settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros (roughly $1.09 quadrillion) in securities transactions in 2021 across 295 million transactions.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.29,0.29,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'central bank digital currency', 'Fnality International Rhomaios Ram', 'Mizuho Bank Nasdaq', 'distributed ledger technology', 'French government bonds', 'Banque de France', 'securities clearing firm', 'wholesale digital cash', 'digital securities settlement', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'Fnality International consortium', 'The Euroclear Group', 'central banks', 'financial institutions', 'market issuance', 'securities transactions', '37.6 trillion euros', 'regulated adoption', 'undisclosed amount', 'post-trade operations', 'collateral trades', 'interest payments', 'payment settlements', 'notable shareholders', 'Credit Suisse', 'Lieve Mostrey', '992 trillion euros', '295 million transactions', 'tokenized assets', 'Monday', 'custody', 'investment', 'marketplaces', 'DLT', 'partnership', 'solution', 'speed', 'efficiency', 'areas', 'servicing', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'UBS', 'development', 'CEO', 'investor', 'diversification', 'network', 'footprint', 'clients', 'benefit', 'industry', 'CBDC', 'equivalent']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,cointelegraph.com
1100,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3698277/euroclear-invests-in-uk-fintech-to-boost-blockchain-capabilities,Euroclear invests in UK fintech to boost blockchain capabilities,Take a complimentary trial to Global Investor Group and gain access to a wealth of news  analysis and data across the Asset Management  Securities Finance  Custody  Fund Services and Derivatives markets from across the suite of Global Investor Products. Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC is a company registered in England and Wales under number 954730 whose registered office is at 6-8 Bouverie Street  London  United Kingdom  EC4Y 8AX Thank you for printing this article from Global Investor Group. As the leading online publication serving the infrastructure investment market  Global Investor Group is read daily by decision-makers within investment banks  international law firms  advisory firms  institutional investors and governments. If you have been given this article by a subscriber  you can contact us through www.fow.com/signup  or call our London office on +44 (0)20 7779 8870 to discuss our subscription options.,Take a complimentary trial to Global Investor Group and gain access to a wealth of news  analysis and data across the Asset Management  Securities Finance  Custody  Fund Services and Derivatives markets from across the suite of Global Investor Products.If you are an existing subscriber please sign in to read this article in full.The investment follows the central bank digital currency experiment led by Euroclear to settle French government bonds on DLTEuromoney Institutional Investor PLC is a company registered in England and Wales under number 954730 whose registered office is at 6-8 Bouverie Street  London  United Kingdom  EC4Y 8AXThank you for printing this article from Global Investor Group.As the leading online publication serving the infrastructure investment market  Global Investor Group is read daily by decision-makers within investment banks  international law firms  advisory firms  institutional investors and governments.If you have been given this article by a subscriber  you can contact us through www.fow.com/signup  or call our London office on +44 (0)20 7779 8870 to discuss our subscription options.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['UK fintech', 'blockchain capabilities', 'Euroclear', 'central bank digital currency experiment', 'Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC', 'Global Investor Group', 'Global Investor Products', 'French government bonds', '6-8 Bouverie Street', 'leading online publication', 'international law firms', 'infrastructure investment market', 'institutional investors', 'advisory firms', 'complimentary trial', 'Asset Management', 'Securities Finance', 'Fund Services', 'Derivatives markets', 'registered office', 'United Kingdom', 'EC4Y 8AX', 'investment banks', 'subscription options', 'existing subscriber', 'London office', 'access', 'wealth', 'news', 'analysis', 'data', 'Custody', 'suite', 'article', 'Euroclear', 'DLT', 'company', 'England', 'Wales', 'number', 'decision-makers', 'governments', 'fow', 'signup', '44', '20', '7779']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,globalinvestorgroup.com
1101,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/investors-stay-russia-default-watch-160541282.html,Investors Stay on Russia Default Watch as Payments Come Due,Russia’s creditors are keeping a close watch on a bond payment due Monday as questions persist over whether the government will continue to meet its debt obligations in the face of stringent sanctions following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.,(Bloomberg) -- Russia’s creditors are keeping a close watch on a bond payment due Monday as questions persist over whether the government will continue to meet its debt obligations in the face of stringent sanctions following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.Most Read from BloombergIt’s one of a number of payments coming up in a busy schedule for Russia on debt issued to foreign investors.Last week  fears of a default eased after $117 million of interest started reaching international investors. But with central bank reserves held overseas frozen  there’s ongoing speculation about how long Russia will keep servicing its debt.The payment due Monday is a $66 million coupon on a 2029 dollar bond  based on Bloomberg calculations. This debt has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the payment in its local currency. But given the sanctions and internal capital controls  it’s unclear if international investors can access the funds if they’re transferred to local accounts.There’s also a lack of clarity on whether coupon payments had been made on a local currency bond  known as an OFZ  which was due early March.Fitch Ratings said last week that Russia would be at risk of default if it hasn’t met that obligation within 30 days -- setting April 1 as another key date for the country  which hasn’t defaulted on local currency bonds since 1998.“Against this backdrop  each coupon payment and bond redemption is monitored by the market to understand whether or not this happens in an orderly manner  with a delay within the grace period or not at all ” said Antoine Lesne  head of ETF strategy and research for State Street’s SPDR  which owns some Russian government bonds.Story continuesIn a further sign of Russia’s isolation from global financial markets  a number of firms are also struggling to get clearance for debt payments. Investors still hadn’t received payments due from Severstal PJSC at the end of last week  putting the mining company at risk of a default after a grace period expires later this week.Steelmaker Evraz Group SA  in which sanctioned Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich has a stake  said Monday that it made an $18.9 million coupon payment but that the funds were blocked by its correspondent bank  Societe Generale SA  for compliance reasons.Clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear have stopped accepting the ruble as a settlement currency and have excluded securities issued by Russian entities from all Triparty transactions  barring them from a traditional channel used to make payments to bondholders.Gold miner Polyus PJSC and state owned transport operator Russian Railways are among those that have payments due in the coming weeks.(Updates with Evraz statement on coupon payment)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,negative,0.02,0.24,0.75,mixed,0.06,0.18,0.76,True,English,"['Russia Default Watch', 'Investors', 'Payments', 'state owned transport operator', 'Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich', 'Steelmaker Evraz Group SA', 'Societe Generale SA', 'internal capital controls', 'global financial markets', 'central bank reserves', 'local currency bonds', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'Russian government bonds', '$18.9 million coupon payment', 'State Street', 'Evraz statement', 'Russian entities', 'Russian Railways', '$66 million coupon', 'local accounts', 'correspondent bank', 'settlement currency', '2029 dollar bond', 'bond redemption', 'bond payment', 'close watch', 'Vladimir Putin', 'busy schedule', 'ongoing speculation', 'ruble-fallback option', 'Fitch Ratings', 'key date', 'orderly manner', 'grace period', 'Antoine Lesne', 'ETF strategy', 'Severstal PJSC', 'last week', 'mining company', 'compliance reasons', 'Clearing houses', 'Triparty transactions', 'traditional channel', 'Gold miner', 'Polyus PJSC', 'coming weeks', 'Bloomberg calculations', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'foreign investors', 'international investors', 'coupon payments', 'stringent sanctions', 'debt payments', 'creditors', 'questions', 'obligations', 'face', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'number', 'fears', 'default', 'interest', 'funds', 'lack', 'clarity', 'OFZ', 'risk', '30 days', 'April', 'country', 'backdrop', 'delay', 'head', 'research', 'SPDR', 'Story', 'sign', 'isolation', 'firms', 'clearance', 'due', 'end', 'stake', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'securities', 'bondholders', 'Updates']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,ca.finance.yahoo.com
1102,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-orexo-155900864.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo,The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21 April 2022  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala ,"UPPSALA  Sweden  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21 April 2022  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala  Sweden.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 11 April 2022  and notify Orexo of their intention to attend the meeting not later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 by post to Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com.The notification shall set forth the name  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held  telephone number (daytime) and  where applicable  number of assistants (not more than two) that the shareholder intends to bring to the meeting. Shareholders to be represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney (original document) and a certificate of registration or equivalent together with the notification of attendance. A proxy form is available at www.orexo.com.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 13 April 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.When this notice to attend the annual general meeting is issued  the total number of shares in the company is 34 710 639 with 34 710 639 votes. In total the company holds 382 732 own shares. The number of own shares is based on the company's holding as per the close of 18th of March 2022  the last trading day prior to the announcement of the notice.Story continuesProposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the chief executive officer.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements.9. Presentation of the work performed by the board of directors and its committees.10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.11. Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet.12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer.13. Determination of the number of board members and auditors.14. Determination of fees for the board members and the auditor.15. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditor.16. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval.17. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management.18. Resolution regarding nomination committee.19. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares.20. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares.21. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022.22. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022.23. Closing of the meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  13  14 and 15)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB) and Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) proposes:- that Rikard Lindahl  member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2) - that the board of directors shall consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 13) - that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors (item 13) - that the fees to the board of directors shall amount to SEK 3 550 000 to be allocated as follows: SEK 900 000 to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members  and in total SEK 400 000 to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives SEK 200 000 and SEK 200 000 are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total SEK 150 000 to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14) - that the independent board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 050 000  subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 450 000 to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and SEK 100 000 to each of Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach of his/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). James Noble has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14) - that the board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Henrik Kjær Hansen  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie and Charlotte Hansson are re-elected and that Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly are elected as new board members  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15) - that James Noble is re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  and- that Ernst & Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal is in accordance with the recommendation by the audit committee (item 15).Allocation of the company's result (item 11)The board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2021 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward.Proposal regarding resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 17)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' proposal concerning principles and guidelines for the remuneration of the company's executive management in accordance with what is stated below.The executive management of Orexo falls within the provisions of these guidelines. Executive management refers to board members  the CEO and other members of the executive management  which comprised seven persons by the end of 2021. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's business strategy is the following.Orexo has developed from being an R&D stage company to becoming a profitable fully integrated specialty pharmaceutical company with its own commercial business in the US. From a strong operational and financial platform  Orexo is aiming to become a leader in the treatment of mental illness and substance use disorder. To achieve this  the commercial business will be broadened through business development  M&A and launch of proprietary pharmaceuticals and digital therapies.Orexo's objectives and strategies onwards is to broaden the US commercial platform to leverage scale and expand sales  further accelerate Orexo US performance and EBIT contributions as well as to launch at least one new product from the pipeline within three years.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Long-term share-related incentive plans have been implemented in the company. Such plans have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The long-term share-related incentive plans for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group and for Group Management Team and US Leadership Team employees  respectively  proposed by the board of directors and submitted to the annual general meeting 2022 for approval are excluded for the same reason. The proposed plans substantially correspond to existing plans for senior executives and employees. The current plans include certain executives and employees within the Orexo group. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the plans are distinctly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. These performance criteria currently comprise the share price development  the surpassing of a certain index or the meeting of certain financing and operating objectives  and thereby organic growth and product development. Further  the plans are conditional upon certain holding periods.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.Orexo shall offer terms of employment that are in line with market rates so that the company can recruit and retain skilled personnel. Remuneration to the executive management shall comprise a fixed salary  variable remuneration  long-term incentive programs  pensions and other customary benefits. Remuneration is based on the individual's commitment and performance in relation to previously established goals  both individual goals and goals for the entire company. Individual performance is continuously evaluated.Fixed salary is generally reviewed on an annual basis and shall be based on the qualitative performance of the individual. The fixed salary of the executive management shall be in line with market conditions.The executive management may be offered cash bonuses. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. Variable remuneration shall take into account the individual's level of responsibility and degree of influence. The size of variable remuneration is based on the percentage of predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promoting the executive's long-term development. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation of the variable cash remuneration to the CEO and the other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company. The variable remuneration shall amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for the CEO  up to 30 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management in Sweden and up to 60 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for members of the executive management employed in the US subsidiary. The majority of the variable remuneration shall be based on the sales development and the financial results at group and subsidiary level. The percentage rate in relation to US employees reflects the subsidiary's significance for the group's earnings as well as an American labor market that is requiring an increased share of variable remuneration in order to attract and retain key employees. Furthermore  the board of directors shall have the option of allocating further variable non-recurring remuneration to the management when the board deems it to be appropriate. Such allocation of non-recurring remuneration may  after consolidation with other variable remuneration  amount to a maximum of 70 percent of the annual fixed cash salary.The CEO and the other members of the executive management are covered by defined contribution pension plans  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring). Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits except to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the executive. The pension premiums paid by the company to the CEO amount to 20 percent of the annual fixed cash salary and amount to not more than 25 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management team.The employment agreement with the CEO may be terminated with six months' notice. Employment agreements with the other members of the executive management may be terminated with a notice of between zero and six months. The CEO is entitled to severance pay equivalent to six months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. The other members of the executive management are entitled to severance pay equivalent to between 3 and 12 months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. Upon notice from the executive  there is no right to severance pay.In addition  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than 12 months following termination of employment.Executives may be awarded customary other benefits  such as company car and travel between the place of residence and the workplace. Such other benefits may amount to not more than 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.The board is entitled  if it assesses that this is warranted in an individual case  to assign company work to a board member over and above the board assignment  in which case the board member may be granted reasonable remuneration.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board of directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting.The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board of directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Resolution regarding nomination committee (item 18)The nomination committee proposes that the meeting resolves that the company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  together with the chairman of the board. If any of the three largest shareholders declines to appoint a member to the nomination committee  additional shareholders are  by order of size  to be offered appointment until three members are appointed. The names of the members of the nomination committee and the names of the shareholders they represent shall be made public not later than six months before the annual general meeting and be based on shareholding statistics provided by Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August 2022. Unless the members of the nomination committee agree otherwise  the member representing the largest shareholder  based on the number of votes held  shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. If a shareholder representative no longer represents the owner or leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder shall be entitled to appoint a new member of the nomination committee. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to remove such member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. In the event a shareholder that has appointed a member is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  the appointed member shall resign and be replaced by a new member in accordance with the above procedure. Unless special circumstances apply  no changes should be made in the composition of the nomination committee as a result of minor changes in voting rights or changes in voting rights which occur later than two months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be made public as soon as possible.The nomination committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the general meeting on chairman of the meeting  board members  chairman of the board  board fees to each of the board members and the chairman as well as remuneration for committee work  if any  fees to the company's auditor  and  when applicable  proposal regarding election of new auditor. Further  the nomination committee shall prepare and propose principles for the composition of the nomination committee to the annual general meeting 2023. The nomination committee shall be entitled to charge the company with costs for consultants and other expenses necessary for the nomination committee to carry out its duties.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 19)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time  being increased by more than a total of 10 per cent. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or to enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  as many own shares as may be purchased without the company's holding at any time exceeding 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares shall be purchased on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  to transfer (sell) own shares. Transfers may be carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Transfers may also be made in other ways  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. Upon such transfers  the price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice. Transfers of own shares may be made of up to such number of shares as is held by the company at the time of the board of director's resolution regarding the transfer.The purpose of the authorization to repurchase own shares is to promote efficient capital usage in the company  to provide flexibility as regards the company's possibilities to distribute capital to its shareholders and for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base or for use in the context of the company's incentive plans.The board of director's statement in accordance with chapter 19 section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022 (item 21)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for not more than 130 selected employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP 2022"").LTIP 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 1 921 138 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 576 542 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 1 344 596 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is intended for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of the senior executives and employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible following the annual general meeting 2022 and no later than on 30 June 2022. Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  approximately 33 percent (one third) will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to approximately 67 percent (two thirds) will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the annual report for 2022.AllocationThe participants are divided into two allocation categories: (i) CEO and other members of group management; (ii) other personnel. The maximum number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options that a participant may be granted in LTIP 2022 depends on the category to which the participant belongs.To ensure that the value of the share-based remuneration does not reach an unintended level in relation to other remuneration  the value of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted to the CEO and group management must not  at the time of the grant  exceed a value equal to the person's current annual base salary. For other personnel the value must not exceed 33 percent of the annual base salary.The board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after the annual general meeting. Several factors will be considered in order to secure recruitment  retention and motivation when deciding upon individual allocations including position within Orexo  individual performance and total value of current remuneration package. Individual allocation cannot exceed the above-mentioned limit for the category that the individual belongs to. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent will constitute Share Awards and 70 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.The share price that is to form the basis for calculating the number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options is to correspond to the average last price paid during a given period of trading. This period comprises the first ten days of trading immediately following the date of the 2022 annual general meeting. The share price is then divided by the individual granting value in order to arrive at the total number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted per participant.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 30.7 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 50.9 million before tax.LTIP 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022 (item 22)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for certain Global Management Team (""GMT"") employees and US Leadership Team (""USLT"") employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP Stay-on 2022""). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is proposed to include up to approximately 13 GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group.LTIP Stay-on 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP Stay-on 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 56 000 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is intended for certain GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group and qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant either keeping shares from allocations in Orexo's other on-going long-term incentive programs (the ""implemented LTIPs"") or investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. The board of directors further believes that LTIP Stay-on 2022 constitutes an important incentive for GMT and USLT employees to keep shares in the company. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of GMT and USLT employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP Stay-on 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- Qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant (i) keeping shares from allocations in any of Orexo's implemented LTIPs between 1 May 2022 and 31 July 2022 (""Opt-in 1"")  or (ii) investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant between 1 February 2023 and 30 April 2023 (""Opt-in 2"").- Under Opt-in 1  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 31 July 2022 and no later than on 31 August 2022.- Under Opt-in 2  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 30 April 2023 and no later than on 31 May 2023.- Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 50 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participant to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company  free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after the granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to 50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the Annual Report for 2022.AllocationEvery five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participants of LTIP Stay-on 2022 to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent will constitute Share Awards and 50 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.In relation to allocation under Opt-in 1  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 31 July 2022. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 2  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 30 April 2023.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP Stay-on 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP Stay-on 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP Stay-on 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP Stay-on 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP Stay-on 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 1.1 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 1.7 million before tax.LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP Stay-on 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in item 19 shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting and resolutions in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in items 20  21 and 22 shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The annual report and all other documents  including the nomination committees' motivated statement and the auditor's report pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  in Uppsala and at www.orexo.se no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Uppsala  Sweden March 2022Orexo AB (publ)The board of directorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/orexo/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo c3529169The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo-301506819.htmlSOURCE Orexo",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.3,0.41,0.29,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Orexo', 'new performance-based long-term incentive program', 'P.O. Box', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Berner Møller', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'chief executive officer', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'eight board members', 'other board members', 'new shares', 'executive management', 'other members', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'annual report', 'Thursday 21 April', 'Rapsgatan 7E', 'share register', 'Monday 11 April', 'Wednesday 13 April', 'original document', 'securities institution', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'equal parts', 'deputy members', 'nomination committee', 'audit committee', 'Orexo AB', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'indirect holding', 'remuneration committee', 'total number', 'deputy auditors', 'remuneration report', 'total SEK', 'telephone number', 'UPPSALA', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'facilities', 'Participation', 'intention', 'post', 'telefax', 'mail', 'lena', 'wange', 'notification', 'name', 'daytime', 'assistants', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'attendance', 'nominee', 'bank', 'advance', 'notice', 'company', '34,710,639 votes', 'close', '18th', 'March', 'trading', 'announcement', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'work', 'directors', 'committees', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'authorization', 'LTIP', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', 'Claus', '16.00', '382,732', '14.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1103,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/cryptocurrency-under-greater-scrutiny-in-the-wake-of-ukraine-war-amid-concerns-digital-assets-could-be-used-to-evade-sanctions/ar-AAVjSLN,Cryptocurrency under greater scrutiny in the wake of Ukraine war amid concerns digital assets could be used to evade sanctions,Unlike payment companies  most crypto exchanges have rejected calls to cut off all Russian users raising concerns that crypto could be used as a way to circumvent sanctions.,Cryptocurrencies are facing mounting scrutiny from global financial regulators  over concerns digital assets could be used to evade Western sanctions on Russia.Unlike mainstream payment companies  most crypto exchanges have rejected calls to cut off all Russian users  including Binance and Kraken  raising concerns that crypto could be used as a way to circumvent sanctions.However  the founder of cryptocurrency exchange FTX which was recently valued at $32 billion  has slammed peers for reacting in such a way warning it could have negative repercussions for the sector.© Provided by This Is Money Cryptocurrency is facing mounting scrutiny from global financial regulators  over concerns digital assets could be used to evade Western sanctions on Russia in the midst of its attack on UkraineThirty-year-old crypto billionaire Sam Bankman-Fried said: 'I'm very frustrated with the messaging that our industry has had on this.'I think it has not been helpful. I think it has been basically anti-regulatory  is how it's been perceived  and I think that's how it sounds  and I think that has caused a pretty big perception issue.'Bahamas-based FTX immediately cut off support to all sanctioned parties and severed access to all Russian banks  even those that are not sanctioned  so the exchange could not be used as a gateway between Russia and the rest of the world.FTX still allows non-sanctioned Russian users to trade  with anti-money laundering checks  and is in communication with the US Treasury about what it is doing in Russia.In America  Democratic US senators introduced a bill last Thursday that would enable the government to sanction foreign cryptocurrency firms doing business with sanctioned Russian entities and prevent them from transacting with US customers.Meanwhile  the European Union issued guidance on 9 March to confirm that sanctions on loans and credit to Russia include cryptoassets  in a bid to close potential sanctions loopholes.John Glen  Britain's financial services minister  told the a City & Financial conference in London that steps already taken by the UK to bring cryptoassets under anti-money laundering and terrorist financing curbs will support law enforcement in cryptoassets.Video: Russia-Ukraine: We're not seeing crypto being used to evade sanctions  Coindesk editor says (Yahoo! Finance)'We think that these steps will actively support the government's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine ' Glen said.Meanwhile Patrick Armstrong  a member of the Financial Stability Board's (FSB) secretariat  said at the same conference: 'We at the FSB are monitoring the situation  the conflict situation relative to cryptos.'© Provided by This Is Money All companies carrying out crypto-related activity in the UK face an end of March deadline for obtaining approvalsThe FSB  which groups financial regulators  central banks and finance ministry officials from the Group of 20 economies  is sharing the information it obtains among its members  Armstrong said.But David Raw  a policy official at Britain's Financial Conduct Authority  said 90 per cent of crypto firms seeking approval for anti-money laundering controls have either withdrawn their applications or been refused because they could not meet the standards.All companies carrying out crypto-related activity in the UK face an end of March deadline for obtaining approvals and Raw sought to reassure those still stuck in the authorisation queue.'It won't be the case that you suddenly have to cease trading ' Raw said.Britain is also cracking down on crypto promotions and Glen said the UK government is still considering whether other rules are needed for blockchain  which underpins crypto assets.'We are not finished in relation to crypto ' Raw said.However  established institutions are slowly coming around to the idea of teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Securities settlement house Euroclear is the latest firm to have joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.,negative,0.03,0.32,0.65,mixed,0.04,0.14,0.82,True,English,"['greater scrutiny', 'Ukraine war', 'digital assets', 'Cryptocurrency', 'wake', 'concerns', 'sanctions', 'Thirty-year-old crypto billionaire Sam Bankman-Fried', 'big perception issue', 'terrorist financing curbs', 'financial services minister', 'Financial Stability Board', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Securities settlement house', 'Democratic US senators', 'anti-money laundering checks', 'anti-money laundering controls', 'global financial regulators', 'foreign cryptocurrency firms', 'most crypto exchanges', 'finance ministry officials', 'three-year old consortium', 'distributed ledger technology', 'sanctioned Russian users', 'potential sanctions loopholes', 'mainstream payment companies', 'cryptocurrency exchange FTX', 'Financial conference', 'financial organisations', 'crypto firms', 'payment system', 'digital securities', 'US Treasury', 'US customers', 'Russian entities', 'Money Cryptocurrency', 'crypto promotions', 'crypto assets', 'crypto tech', 'mounting scrutiny', 'digital assets', 'negative repercussions', 'Bahamas-based FTX', 'European Union', 'law enforcement', 'Coindesk editor', 'same conference', 'crypto-related activity', 'policy official', '90 per cent', 'authorisation queue', 'other rules', 'latest firm', 'tokenised assets', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'cumbersome processes', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Russian banks', 'Western sanctions', 'March deadline', 'Patrick Armstrong', 'conflict situation', 'The FSB', 'digital cash', 'John Glen', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'efficient way', 'David Raw', 'UK government', '9 March', 'Cryptocurrencies', 'concerns', 'calls', 'Binance', 'Kraken', 'founder', 'peers', 'warning', 'sector', 'midst', 'attack', 'Ukraine', 'messaging', 'industry', 'support', 'parties', 'access', 'gateway', 'rest', 'world', 'communication', 'America', 'business', 'guidance', 'loans', 'credit', 'cryptoassets', 'bid', 'Britain', 'City', 'London', 'steps', 'Video', 'response', 'invasion', 'member', 'secretariat', 'cryptos', 'end', 'approvals', 'Group', '20 economies', 'information', 'applications', 'standards', 'case', 'trading', 'blockchain', 'relation', 'institutions', 'idea', 'newcomers', 'Fnality', 'DLT', 'bitcoin', 'stock', 'transaction', 'aim', 'paperwork', 'value', 'England', 'account']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,msn.com
1104,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/crypto/article-10635979/Cryptocurrency-greater-scrutiny-face-Ukraine-war.html,Cryptocurrency under greater scrutiny in the face of Ukraine war,Unlike payment companies  most crypto exchanges have rejected calls to cut off all Russian users raising concerns that crypto could be used as a way to circumvent sanctions.,Cryptocurrencies are facing mounting scrutiny from global financial regulators  over concerns digital assets could be used to evade Western sanctions on Russia.Unlike mainstream payment companies  most crypto exchanges have rejected calls to cut off all Russian users  including Binance and Kraken  raising concerns that crypto could be used as a way to circumvent sanctions.However  the founder of cryptocurrency exchange FTX which was recently valued at $32 billion  has slammed peers for reacting in such a way warning it could have negative repercussions for the sector.Cryptocurrency is facing mounting scrutiny from global financial regulators  over concerns digital assets could be used to evade Western sanctions on Russia in the midst of its attack on UkraineThirty-year-old crypto billionaire Sam Bankman-Fried said: 'I'm very frustrated with the messaging that our industry has had on this.'I think it has not been helpful. I think it has been basically anti-regulatory  is how it's been perceived  and I think that's how it sounds  and I think that has caused a pretty big perception issue.'Bahamas-based FTX immediately cut off support to all sanctioned parties and severed access to all Russian banks  even those that are not sanctioned  so the exchange could not be used as a gateway between Russia and the rest of the world.FTX still allows non-sanctioned Russian users to trade  with anti-money laundering checks  and is in communication with the US Treasury about what it is doing in Russia.In America  Democratic US senators introduced a bill last Thursday that would enable the government to sanction foreign cryptocurrency firms doing business with sanctioned Russian entities and prevent them from transacting with US customers.Meanwhile  the European Union issued guidance on 9 March to confirm that sanctions on loans and credit to Russia include cryptoassets  in a bid to close potential sanctions loopholes.John Glen  Britain's financial services minister  told the a City & Financial conference in London that steps already taken by the UK to bring cryptoassets under anti-money laundering and terrorist financing curbs will support law enforcement in cryptoassets.'We think that these steps will actively support the government's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine ' Glen said.Meanwhile Patrick Armstrong  a member of the Financial Stability Board's (FSB) secretariat  said at the same conference: 'We at the FSB are monitoring the situation  the conflict situation relative to cryptos.'All companies carrying out crypto-related activity in the UK face an end of March deadline for obtaining approvalsThe FSB  which groups financial regulators  central banks and finance ministry officials from the Group of 20 economies  is sharing the information it obtains among its members  Armstrong said.But David Raw  a policy official at Britain's Financial Conduct Authority  said 90 per cent of crypto firms seeking approval for anti-money laundering controls have either withdrawn their applications or been refused because they could not meet the standards.All companies carrying out crypto-related activity in the UK face an end of March deadline for obtaining approvals and Raw sought to reassure those still stuck in the authorisation queue.'It won't be the case that you suddenly have to cease trading ' Raw said.Britain is also cracking down on crypto promotions and Glen said the UK government is still considering whether other rules are needed for blockchain  which underpins crypto assets.'We are not finished in relation to crypto ' Raw said.However  established institutions are slowly coming around to the idea of teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Securities settlement house Euroclear is the latest firm to have joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.,negative,0.05,0.43,0.52,mixed,0.05,0.14,0.82,True,English,"['greater scrutiny', 'Ukraine war', 'Cryptocurrency', 'face', 'Thirty-year-old crypto billionaire Sam Bankman-Fried', 'big perception issue', 'terrorist financing curbs', 'finance ministry officials', 'financial services minister', 'Financial Stability Board', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Securities settlement house', 'Democratic US senators', 'anti-money laundering checks', 'anti-money laundering controls', 'global financial regulators', 'most crypto exchanges', 'three-year old consortium', 'distributed ledger technology', 'potential sanctions loopholes', 'sanctioned Russian users', 'foreign cryptocurrency firms', 'mainstream payment companies', 'crypto firms', 'Financial conference', 'financial organisations', 'payment system', 'digital securities', 'US Treasury', 'US customers', 'Russian entities', 'crypto promotions', 'crypto assets', 'crypto tech', 'mounting scrutiny', 'digital assets', 'negative repercussions', 'European Union', 'law enforcement', 'same conference', 'crypto-related activity', 'policy official', '90 per cent', 'authorisation queue', 'other rules', 'latest firm', 'tokenised assets', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'cumbersome processes', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Russian banks', 'Western sanctions', 'March deadline', 'cryptocurrency exchange', 'Patrick Armstrong', 'conflict situation', 'The FSB', 'digital cash', 'Bahamas-based FTX', 'John Glen', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'efficient way', 'David Raw', 'UK government', '9 March', 'Cryptocurrencies', 'concerns', 'calls', 'Binance', 'Kraken', 'founder', 'peers', 'warning', 'sector', 'midst', 'attack', 'Ukraine', 'messaging', 'industry', 'support', 'parties', 'access', 'gateway', 'rest', 'world', 'communication', 'America', 'business', 'guidance', 'loans', 'credit', 'cryptoassets', 'bid', 'Britain', 'City', 'London', 'steps', 'response', 'invasion', 'member', 'secretariat', 'cryptos', 'end', 'approvals', 'Group', '20 economies', 'information', 'applications', 'standards', 'case', 'trading', 'blockchain', 'relation', 'institutions', 'idea', 'newcomers', 'Fnality', 'DLT', 'bitcoin', 'stock', 'transaction', 'aim', 'paperwork', 'value', 'England', 'account']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,thisismoney.co.uk
1105,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-eastnine-ab-publ-1647871575,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Eastnine AB (publ),"Shareholders of Eastnine AB (publ)  reg. no. 556693-7404  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held on Tuesday 26 April 2022 at 15.30 (CET) at IVA Konferenscenter ","Shareholders of Eastnine AB (publ)  reg. no. 556693-7404  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held on Tuesday 26 April 2022 at 15.30 (CET) at IVA Konferenscenter  Grev Turegatan 16 in Stockholm Sweden. Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 15.10 and admission for the seminar starts at 13.30.ProgramThe program starts with a seminar and coffee/tea will be served. To the extent possible  all Board members will attend the Annual General Meeting.13.30 Admission for seminar on Eastnine opens (registration for the Annual General Meeting from 15.10)14.00 Seminar begins15.00 Break15.10 Registration for the Annual General Meeting opens (registration can be made until 15.30)15.30 Annual General MeetingNotificationThose that wish to attend the AGM must:be registered as shareholders in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 18 April 2022  andgive notice of their intention to participate at the AGM not later than on Wednesday 20 April 2022.Notice of participation at the AGM may be given either by telephone +46 8 505 97 700  on the Company's website www.eastnine.com/en/annual-general-meetings  or by regular mail to Eastnine AB (publ)  ""AGM""; Box 7214  103 88 Stockholm  Sweden.The name  personal identification number (or company registration number)  address and telephone number of the shareholder  shareholding and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives or assistants should be provided in the notice of participation. No more than two assistants may attend and only if the number of assistants has been stated in advance. Personal data collected from powers of attorney and the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB will be used for registration and preparation of the voting list for the AGM.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate at the AGM  shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must temporarily re-register the shares in their own name. Such re-registration must be effected at Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 20 April 2022. Thus  the nominee should be notified in due time prior to this date.Proxies etc.Shareholders who are represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the representative. Power of attorney in original and  for legal entities  certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company at the address above in due time prior to the AGM. The power of attorney and certificate of registration may not be older than one year  the power of attorney may however be older if it  according to its wording  is valid for a longer period  maximum five years. The Company provides proxy forms on the www.eastnine.com/en/annual-general-meetings. The proxy form may also be requested by telephone at +46 8 505 97 700. Please note that shareholders who are represented by proxy must also give notice of participation in accordance with the instructions given above and be registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 18 April 2022.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issuing the notice to attend the AGM  the Company has a total of 22 370 261 registered shares  with one vote per share. The Company holds 162 515 own shares.Right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM have a right to request information regarding the matters on the agenda or the Company's economic situation in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Admission cardsNo admission card will be sent out before the AGM. Valid identification must be brought to the Meeting for registration of attendance and entry.Proposed Agenda1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of the chairman of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes of the Meeting5. Decision on whether the Meeting has been duly convened6. Approval of the agenda7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditors' report  as well as of the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report for the Eastnine group. In connection therewith:a. address by the chairman of the Board of Directors including a report on the work of the Board of Directorsb. address by the CEOc. report by the auditor regarding the audit work8. Resolutions regarding:a. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet for the Eastnine groupb. disposition of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheetc. discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO9. Approval of remuneration report10. Decision on the number of members of the Board of Directors  auditors and deputy auditors11. Decision on remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditor12. Election of members of the Board of Directors and chairman of the Board of Directors13. Election of auditor14. Resolution on guidelines for executive remuneration.15. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to transfer own shares16. Resolution on:a. the establishment of LTIP 2022; andb. transfer of own shares to the participants in LTIP 202217. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to acquire own shares18. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issue19. Closing of the Meeting.2. Election of the chairman of the MeetingEastnine's Nomination Committee  which has consisted of Karine Hirn  chairman of the committee (representative of East Capital)  Erik Haegerstrand (Bonnier Fastigheter)  Martin Zetterström (Arbona) and Liselotte Hjorth (chairman of the Board of Directors of Eastnine) proposes that the attorney Ebba Olsson Werkell  KANTER Advokatbyrå  is appointed chairman of the Meeting.8. b) Disposition of the Company's resultThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders corresponding to SEK 3.00 per share and that the remaining profits are carried forward. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend is distributed on four payment occasions of SEK 0.75 per share and dividend occasion. As record dates for the dividend  Thursday 28 April 2022  Tuesday 16 August 2022  Tuesday 15 November 2022 and Tuesday 24 January 2023 are proposed. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is expected that Euroclear Sweden AB will distribute the dividend payment on the third banking day following each respective record day  being Tuesday 3 May 2022  Friday 19 August 2022  Friday 18 November 2022  and Friday 27 January 2023.9. Approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves on approval of the Board of Directors' report on remunerations in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.10. Decision on the number of members of the Board of Directors  auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) members. The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of auditors shall be one (1) registered audit firm without a deputy auditor.11. Decision on remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes the following remuneration to the Board SEK 800 000 to the Chairman and SEK 400 000 to the other members of the Board. No additional remuneration for any committee work is proposed. Fees to the auditor are based on approved invoices.12. Election of members of the Board of Directors and chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that Liselotte Hjorth  Peter Elam Håkansson  Peter Wågström  Christian Hermelin and Ylva Sarby Westman are re-elected for the time until the end of the next AGM. It is proposed that Liselotte Hjorth is elected ad the chairman of the Board of Directors. Information about the Board members can be found on the Company's website.13. Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the auditing firm KPMG as auditor  with the authorized auditor Peter Dahllöf as auditor in charge. The auditor's term of office is proposed to be valid until the end of the AGM 2023. The Nomination Committee's proposal is in accordance with the recommendation from the Board of Directors  acting as Audit Committee. Neither the Nomination Committees' nor the Board of Directors' recommendation for the auditor's election has been affected by third parties or have been forced by any terms of agreement which has limited the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.14. Guidelines for remuneration to executive managersProposal for guidelines for executive remunerationCEO and deputy CEO  any other persons within the management as well as Board members to the extent that they receive remuneration in addition to Board fees  fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration resolved or approved by the General Meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the Company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityEastnine's vision is to create and provide the best meeting places where ideas can flow  people can meet and successful business operations develop. The Company's business concept is to be the leading  long-term supplier of modern and sustainable office and logistics space in prime locations in the Baltics. At any time  current versions of vision and business concept as well as further information regarding the Company's business strategy  is available at www.eastnine.com (https://www.eastnine.com/en). The Company shall have the remuneration levels and terms of employment required to recruit and retain expertise and necessary capacity. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company's business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability. The long-term incentive programs that exist in the Company  as well as the long-term incentive program that the Board of Directors has proposed that the Annual General Meeting 2022 shall adopt  are excluded from these guidelines.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration for executives can consist of fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension and insurance benefits  and other customary benefits. Additionally  the General Meeting may irrespective of these guidelines resolve on  among other things  long-term share-based or share-related incentive programs/remuneration.The Board of Directors decide at its discretion  according to established internal performance-based goals  whether a variable cash remuneration should be paid to the executives. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. Variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the fixed salary. Additionally  the executives are entitled to an individual premium-based pension plan according to which the Company pays premiums corresponding to a maximum of 4.5 per cent of the fixed salary up to 7.5 income base amounts  and premiums corresponding to a maximum of 30 per cent on salary components exceeding 7.5 income base amounts. Other benefits may include  for example  health insurance  health care and car benefits. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed salary.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed twelve months if notice of termination of employment is made by the Company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the CEO's fixed cash salary for two years  and twelve months for other executives. The period of notice may not exceed six months without any right to severance pay when termination is made by the executive. In addition  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall be the difference between the fixed monthly salary and the lower income the employee receives and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  which shall not be for more than 6 months following the termination of employmentSalary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesDuring 2021  the Board of Directors has not appointed a formal Remuneration Committee. However  a smaller group consisting of Peter Elam Håkansson  Ylva Sarby Westman and Liselotte Hjorth  has set aside extra time in order to prepare remuneration matters within the Company to the Board of Directors. The formal tasks that would have been carried out by a Remuneration Committee have been carried out by the Board of Directors. In March 2022  the Board of Directors has decided to establish a Remuneration Committee after the Annual General Meeting 2022 with its main tasks in accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the General Meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting. The Board of Directors shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the Company. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may resolve to deviate from the guidelines resolved by the Annual General Meeting  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company's financial viability. As set out above  the Board of Directors' tasks include preparing the resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.15. Authorization to transfer own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to transfer own shares  under the following conditions:1. The share may be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise.2. Transfer may take place with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights.3. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm may take place at a price per share within the registered share price interval from time to time  which means the spread between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price prevailing from time to time on the exchange.4. The authorization covers all shares held by the Company from time to time.5. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash  contributions in-kind or set-off.6. The authorization may be utilized on one or more occasions  however not longer than until the next AGM.The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the Board of Directors an opportunity to adjust the Company's capital structure and to use repurchased owned shares as payment for or financing of acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders. A resolution in accordance with item 15 above requires that shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the resolution.16. Resolution regarding (a) the establishment of LTIP 2022  and (b) transfers of own shares to the participants in LTIP 2022The Board of Directors' proposal regarding (a) the establishment of LTIP 2022  and (b) transfers of own shares to the participants in LTIP 2022. The Board of Directors of Eastnine AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to establish a long-term incentive program (""LTIP 2022"") directed to employees of the group. The proposal is based on LTIP 2021  approved by the Annual General Meeting last year  and reads as follows:LTIP 2022 in briefThe Board of Directors' proposals involves the establishment of LTIP 2022 under which the employees in total may be granted a maximum of 58 000 shares in the Company subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting requirements (see the proposal under item (a) below) and  for the purpose of ensuring delivery of shares  transfers of 58 000 own shares (see the proposal under item (b) below). The rationale for LTIP 2022 is to promote shareholder value and the Company's long-term value creation capability by creating conditions for retaining and recruiting competent personnel  increasing the motivation amongst the participants  promoting a personal shareholding as well as aligning the participants' interest with the interest of the Company's shareholders.The Company has two outstanding long-term incentive programs resolved upon on the Annual General Meeting 2020 and 2021 respectively. For a description  see note 5 in the Company's annual report 2021 which is held available at the Company's website www.eastnine.com.(a) Establishment of LTIP 2022The Board of Directors proposes that LTIP 2022 be established in accordance with the following principal terms and conditions.1. LTIP 2022 is directed to employees of the group who have been employed since 1 May 2022  divided into the following three categories: Category A (CEO and CFO)  Category B (country managers and other positions deemed business critical) and Category C (other employees)  collectively referred to as the ""Participants"".2. Participation in LTIP 2022 requires that the Participant  as of 30 June 2022  has a personal shareholding in the Company (""Participation Shares"") with a value corresponding to one month of the Participants annual gross fixed salary as of 1 May 2022 (""Fixed Salary""). If applicable insider rules and regulations prohibit a Participant from purchasing Participation Shares in the Company prior to applying to participate in LTIP 2022 and during the period up until 30 June 2022  the Board of Directors has the right to postpone the last day of investment for such Participant.3. Each Participant shall receive performance shares rights free of charge (""Share Rights"") and each Share Right entitles the Participant to receive up to one share in the Company (""Performance Shares"")  subject to the satisfaction of the performance requirements.4. Performance Shares are expected to be allotted to the Participants within 45 days from the publication of the Company's interim report for January-June 2025  however  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to adjust such date. The period from 30 June 2022 up until the date of the publication of the Company's interim report immediately following the third anniversary of the implementation of LTIP 2022 is below referred to as the ""Vesting Period"".5. The allotment of Performance Shares is conditional upon that the Participant has not resigned or has not terminated its employment and the Participation Shares being retained by the Participant during the entire Vesting Period. The Board of Directors has the discretion to waive this condition for good leavers (for example  where employment is terminated as a result of the Participant's long-term illness  disability or death) or if the employer has given notice of termination of the Participant's employment due to redundancy (Sw. arbetsbrist). In such case  the Board of Directors shall determine the number of Performance Shares to be allotted adjusted for the number of days in the Vesting Period which the Participant was employed and the allotment shall be determined based on the satisfaction of the performance requirements.6. The number of Share Rights allotted to a Participant shall be calculated by dividing a certain percentage as determined by the Board of Directors of 50 (category A)  30-40 (category B) and 10-20 per cent (category c) of the Participant's Fixed Salary for category A  B and C  respectively  with the share price corresponding to the volume weighted average price of the Company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days immediately prior to the allotment of the Share Rights (""Initial Share Price"").7. The total number of allotted Share Rights shall not exceed 58 000. If the Initial Share Price would result in a higher total number of Share Rights  the number of Share Rights allotted to the Participants shall be adjusted downwards on a pro rata basis.8. Should the Share Price at Allotment of the Performance Shares (as defined below) exceed 300 per cent of the Initial Share Price (the ""Share Price Cap"")  the number of Performance Shares to be allotted shall be reduced by way of multiplying the number of Share Rights that entitle to allotment by a factor equal to the Share Price Cap divided by the Share Price at Allotment. The value of the Company's shares in connection with allotment (the ""Share Price at Allotment"") shall be calculated based on the volume weighted average price of the Company's share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days immediately following the publication of the Company's interim report for the period January-June 2025.9. If the Participant is absent due to sick leave or other long-term absence (not including parental leave  vacation or similar) for more than four weeks in total during a fiscal year or is part-time employed during the Vesting Period  the Participant's Share Rights will be reduced on a pro rata basis. However  if the Participant has a disability  consideration will be given to making an adjustment to any allotment due depending on the circumstances of the individual case.10. In order to further increase alignment between the long-term interests of the Participants and the Company's shareholders  a requirement for participation in the Company's long-term incentive programs going forward shall be that Participants in Categories A and B retain at least 50 per cent of all allotted Performance Shares (net of tax for such allotment) until the Participant's shareholding in the Company is equal in value to the Participant's Fixed Salary.11. The Allotment of Performance Shares is conditional upon the degree of satisfaction of the performance requirements set out below compared to below established minimum and maximum target levels during the relevant measurement period. Fractions of the allotted Performance Shares shall be rounded-off to the immediate lower whole number.Requirement 1The development of the Company's return on equity  excluding the effect from Eastnine's holding in Melon Fashion Group (MFG)  i.e. average profits/losses  excluding the profits/losses from MFG  related to the average shareholder's equity  excluding shareholder's equity relating to MFG  during the period 1 July 2022-30 June 2025.Max level: 12 per cent per year.Min level: 10 per cent per year.Requirement 2The percentile ranking of the Company's total shareholder return  i.e. share price development including dividends  during the period 1 July 2022-30 June 2025 compared to a peer group (the ""Peer Group"") consisting of 22 European real estate companies[1].Maximum level: Total shareholder return corresponding to top quartile of the peer group.Minimum level: Total shareholder return corresponding to median of the peer group.12. If the minimum level of a performance requirement is not reached  no Performance Shares under that performance requirement will be allotted. If the maximum level is reached  for requirement 1  80 per cent of the maximum number of Performance Shares and  for Requirement 2  20 per cent of the maximum number of Performance Shares under LTIP 2022 will be allotted. If the outcome falls between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear pro rata allotment of Performance Shares for the relevant performance requirement shall apply.13. The Board of Directors will determine the level of satisfaction of each of the performance requirements and intends to present the satisfaction level after the end of the Vesting Period. Performance Shares are expected to be allotted to the Participants within 45 days from the end of the Vesting Period.14. In order to maintain representative and relevant performance requirements during the Vesting Period  the Board of Directors may adjust the Peer Group and the definition of return on equity.15. The number of Share Rights and the Share Price Cap may be recalculated by the Board of Directors in the event of share issues  share splits  reversed share splits  merger  reduction of share capital or any similar event that may affect the capital structure of the Company. When determining the final vesting level for the allotment of Performance Shares  the Board of Directors shall examine whether the vesting level as well as the performance requirements are reasonable considering the Company's financial results and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board of Directors  change the vesting level as deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.16. The Company will not compensate the Participants for any dividends during the Vesting Period. The Share Rights must not be assigned  pledged or disposed of in any way (except in the event of the Participant's death  to his or her beneficiaries) and will lapse immediately on any attempt to do so or if the Participant is declared bankrupt. Participants are not entitled to perform any shareholder's rights regarding the Share Rights during the Vesting Period. If a Participant is subject to a disciplinary process or there is a dispute pending or threatened  the Board of Directors may delay allotment of Performance Shares until the conclusion of such a process.17. If significant changes occur in the Company or on the market  or in the event the costs for LTIP 2022 significantly exceed the estimated costs  and this  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  results in a situation where the conditions for allotment of Performance Shares become unreasonable or no longer appropriate  the Board of Directors is entitled to adopt different conditions or make adjustments to LTIP 2022  including  among other things  to resolve on a reduced allotment of Performance Shares  or to not allot any Performance Shares at all.18. In case a public offer for all shares in the Company is completed resulting in the offeror owning more than 90 per cent of the shares in the Company  LTIP 2022 shall be closed down by the earlier execution of any outstanding Share Rights and amending the vesting and performance requirements in proportion to the time elapsed since the implementation of LTIP 2022 and the last measurable point of performance prior to the completion of the public offer.19. Participation in LTIP 2022 requires that it is permitted and appropriate with regard to applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which the relevant Participant is resident and that the Board of Directors deems it feasible at reasonable administrative and financial costs.20. In the event delivery of Performance Shares to a Participant cannot take place under applicable law or at reasonable cost or with reasonable administrative effort  the Board of Directors may pay a part of or the entire allotment to such Participant in cash instead of shares.21. The Board of Directors may retain allotted Performance Shares and settle a part of the allotment in cash in order to facilitate the payment of the Participants' tax liabilities.22. The Board of Directors is responsible for the detailed design and implementation of LTIP 2022. Accordingly  the Board of Directors is to prepare and execute any necessary full-text documentation to the Participants and otherwise manage and administer LTIP 2022.(b) Transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes  for the purpose of securing delivery of shares under LTIP 2022  that a maximum of 58 000 own shares be transferred to the Participants on the following terms and conditions.1. The right to receive shares shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to the Participants  with right for each of the Participants to receive no more than the maximum number of shares allowed under the terms and conditions of LTIP 2022. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the group shall have the right to receive shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  such shares to the Participants in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTIP 2022.2. The Participants' right to receive shares are conditional upon the fulfilment of the terms and conditions of LTIP 2022.3. The shares shall be transferred within the time period set out in the terms and conditions of LTIP 2022.4. The shares shall be transferred free of charge.5. The number of shares that may be transferred to the Participants may be recalculated in the event of share issues  share splits  reversed share splits or similar events or otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTIP 2022.Hedging arrangementsThe Company intends to use up to 67 094 previously repurchased own shares (corresponding to approx. 0.30 per cent the total number of shares in Eastnine) in order to ensure the delivery of shares to the Participants and to secure and cover the costs that arise as a result of LTIP 2022 (for example social security charges and tax). The Board thus do not propose any further actions to hedge the Company's obligations under LTIP 2022. In the event that the required majority for approval to transfer shares to the Participants is not reached under item (b) above  the Board of Directors intends to hedge the financial exposure of the LTIP 2022 by the Company entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer shares in the Company to Participants covered by the LTIP 2022.Estimated costs and dilution for LTIP 2022The costs for LTIP 2022 will be calculated in accordance with IFRS 2 and distributed over the Vesting Period. Assuming that one third (1/3) of the maximum number of Performance Shares are allotted  resulting in the allotment of 19 333 Performance Shares  an Initial Share Price of SEK 105  and an annual share price increase of 5 per cent during the Vesting Period  the total cost for LTIP 2022  including social security costs  is estimated to approximately EUR 0.2 million. Assuming that the maximum number of Performance Shares are allotted  resulting in the allotment of approx. 58 000 Performance Shares  an Initial Share Price of SEK 105  and an annual share price increase of 5 per cent during the Vesting Period  the total cost for LTIP 2022  including social security costs  is estimated to approximately EUR 0.6 million.The costs should be viewed in relation to the Company's total costs for salaries and other remuneration to employees  which for 2021 amounted to EUR 3.6 million  including social security costs.Effect on key ratiosThe Company will not issue any new shares due to LTIP 2022 but intends to use up to 67 094 shares held in treasury for delivery to the Participants and for hedging of costs for LTIP 2022. The costs for LTIP 2022 are expected to have a marginal effect on the group's key ratios.Preparation of the Board of Directors' proposalThe proposal has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors.Majority vote requirementsThe Board of Directors' proposals under item (a) is valid only if supported by shareholders holding not less than half of the votes cast represented at the Meeting and (b) is valid only if supported by shareholders holding not less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the AGM.17. Authorization to acquire own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to acquire the Company's own shares  under the following conditions:1. The share purchases may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the registered share price interval from time to time  which means the spread between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price prevailing from time to time on the exchange.2. Purchases may also be made in accordance with an offer directed to all shareholders with a cash consideration not below the market price at the time of the offer and with a maximum upward deviation of 20 percent.3. The Company may only purchase so many shares that the Company's holding of its own shares does not at any time exceed 10 percent of all the shares in the Company.4. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.5. The authorization may be utilized on one or more occasions  however not longer than until the next AGM.The purpose of this authorization to acquire own shares in the Company is to enable the Board of Directors to adjust the capital structure and thereby generate a higher value for the shareholders. A resolution in accordance with item 17 above requires that shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the resolution.18. Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issueThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions until the next Annual General Meeting  decide upon an issue of shares in the Company corresponding to not more than 10 per cent of the Company's share capital  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential right. Furthermore  the proposal means that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The purpose of the above authorisation is to enable the Company to  completely or partially  finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions. A resolution in accordance with item 18 above requires that shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the resolution.Available documentsAnnual accounts including the auditor's report as well as the complete proposals and statements according to the Swedish Companies Act together with pertaining statements by the auditor will be available at the office of Eastnine on Kungsgatan 30 in Stockholm and on the website www.eastnine.com/en/annual-general-meetings no later than Tuesday 5 April 2022. Copies of the documentation and the notice will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address.* * *Stockholm in March 2022EASTNINE AB (publ)Board of DirectorsEastnine AB (publ)For more information contact:Liselotte Hjorth  Chairman of the Board  +49 172 685 7723Kestutis Sasnauskas  CEO  +46 8 505 97 700Britt-Marie Nyman  CFO and Deputy CEO  +46 70 224 29 35Eastnine AB is a Swedish real estate company with a property value of EUR 470m and a long-term net asset value of EUR 392m as of 31 December 2021. Eastnine's vision is to create and provide prime venues where ideas can flow  people can meet  and successful business can be developed. The mission is that Eastnine shall be the leading long-term provider of modern and sustainable office and logistics premises in prime locations in the Baltics. Eastnine is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap  sector Real Estate.[[[1]]]The reference group consists of the following companies Alstria Office  Aroundtown  Atrium Ljungberg  Befimmo  CA Immo  Castellum  CLS Holdings  Corem  Covivio  Demire DM Real Estate AG  Derwent London  Entra  Fabege  Gecina  Globalworth  Globe Trade Center  Hufvudstaden  Immofinanz  Platzer  PSP Swiss Property  Wihlborgs  Workspace Group. Total shareholder return will be measured in EUR for all companies in line with best practice.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Eastnine AB', 'Notice', '15.30 Annual General Meeting Notification', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal identification number', 'annual report', 'company registration number', 'Personal data', 'Valid identification', 'Eastnine AB', 'Tuesday 26 April', 'IVA Konferenscenter', 'Grev Turegatan', 'Stockholm Sweden', 'Monday 18 April', 'Wednesday 20 April', 'regular mail', 'voting list', 'Such re-registration', 'legal entities', 'longer period', 'five years', 'economic situation', 'two persons', 'deputy auditors', 'share register', 'due time', 'one year', 'one vote', 'executive remuneration', 'Eastnine group', 'The Company', 'proxy forms', 'Admission cards', 'audit work', ""auditors' report"", 'remuneration report', 'two assistants', 'Nominee-registered shares', '22,370,261 registered shares', 'telephone number', 'Board members', '13.30 Admission', '10 Registration', 'Shareholders', 'publ', 'reg.', 'notice', 'AGM', 'CET', 'seminar', 'Program', 'coffee/tea', 'extent', '15.00 Break', 'intention', 'participation', 'website', 'annual-general-meetings', 'Box', 'name', 'address', 'shareholding', 'attendance', 'representatives', 'advance', 'powers', 'attorney', 'preparation', 'order', 'Proxies', 'original', 'certificate', 'wording', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'votes', 'total', 'Right', 'information', 'matters', 'agenda', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'entry', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Decision', 'Presentation', 'connection', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'c.', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'disposition', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'guidelines', 'authorization', '46', '162,515', '8.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,privataaffarer.se
1106,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages https://t.co/wFJODrIRWF,nan,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages https://t.co/wFJODrIRWF,neutral,0.12,0.84,0.04,neutral,0.12,0.84,0.04,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'wFJODrIRWF', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'wFJODrIRWF']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1107,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy #CryptoCurrencies #blockchain #digital  https://t.co/fXyY3Go1op,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy #CryptoCurrencies #blockchain #digital  https://t.co/fXyY3Go1op,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'CryptoCurrencies', 'blockchain', 'fXyY3Go1op', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'CryptoCurrencies', 'blockchain', 'fXyY3Go1op']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1108,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/hXOKUooISl,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/hXOKUooISl,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology\xa0strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'hXOKUooISl', 'digital ledger technology\xa0strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'hXOKUooISl']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1109,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/dF3BCaAJQL,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/dF3BCaAJQL,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology\xa0strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'dF3BCaAJQL', 'digital ledger technology\xa0strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'dF3BCaAJQL']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1110,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/keyPFpjNm1  $BTC.X $APE.X $BNB.X $ETH.X,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/keyPFpjNm1  $BTC.X $APE.X $BNB.X $ETH.X,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'X $APE', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'X $APE', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1111,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy / https://t.co/o1oQ9lLuWt / FOLLOW… https://t.co/LowneImdq5,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy / https://t.co/o1oQ9lLuWt / FOLLOW… https://t.co/LowneImdq5,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'o1oQ9lLuWt', 'FOLLOW', 'LowneImdq5', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'o1oQ9lLuWt', 'FOLLOW', 'LowneImdq5']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1112,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/gcazziAhR2,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/gcazziAhR2,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology\xa0strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'gcazziAhR2', 'digital ledger technology\xa0strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'gcazziAhR2']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1113,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/XGh89By9YP https://t.co/R91mZB8K0F,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/XGh89By9YP https://t.co/R91mZB8K0F,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'R91mZB8K0F', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'R91mZB8K0F']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1114,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today in FinTech: Euroclear Backs Fnality; https://t.co/2caK5RgR5r Grows Footprint; Rate Hike Could Help Legacy Ban… https://t.co/AAM6I3YY4x,nan,Today in FinTech: Euroclear Backs Fnality; https://t.co/2caK5RgR5r Grows Footprint; Rate Hike Could Help Legacy Ban… https://t.co/AAM6I3YY4x,neutral,0.05,0.83,0.13,neutral,0.05,0.83,0.13,True,English,"['Rate Hike', 'Legacy Ban', 'FinTech', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'caK5RgR5r', 'Footprint', 'AAM6I3YY4x', 'Rate Hike', 'Legacy Ban', 'FinTech', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'caK5RgR5r', 'Footprint', 'AAM6I3YY4x']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1115,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategyhttps://t.co/IAjcVkJq1d#nft #tezos,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategyhttps://t.co/IAjcVkJq1d#nft #tezos,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'IAjcVkJq1d', 'nft', 'tezos', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'IAjcVkJq1d', 'nft', 'tezos']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1116,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledgertechnology strategy   https://t.co/2bWmsanQAC   #Bitcoin,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledgertechnology strategy   https://t.co/2bWmsanQAC   #Bitcoin,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'bWmsanQAC', 'Bitcoin', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'bWmsanQAC', 'Bitcoin']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1117,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in blockchain venture backed by UBS  Barclays and Nasdaq - Financial News https://t.co/697YUYDWuj https://t.co/onE7qGPn3p,nan,Euroclear invests in blockchain venture backed by UBS  Barclays and Nasdaq - Financial News https://t.co/697YUYDWuj https://t.co/onE7qGPn3p,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Financial News', 'Euroclear', 'blockchain', 'UBS', 'Barclays', 'Nasdaq', '97YUYDWuj', 'onE7qGPn3p', 'Financial News', 'Euroclear', 'blockchain', 'UBS', 'Barclays', 'Nasdaq', '97YUYDWuj', 'onE7qGPn3p']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1118,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/C2uOVI12HO,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/C2uOVI12HO,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'C2uOVI12HO', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'C2uOVI12HO']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1119,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy #CryptoCurrencies #blockchain #digital v… https://t.co/MeROQmUqq3,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy #CryptoCurrencies #blockchain #digital v… https://t.co/MeROQmUqq3,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'blockchain', 'MeROQmUqq3', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'blockchain', 'MeROQmUqq3']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1120,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy #Digital via https://t.co/eBW8Lmmpx7 https://t.co/FL1yIBXnml,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy #Digital via https://t.co/eBW8Lmmpx7 https://t.co/FL1yIBXnml,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'FL1yIBXnml', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'FL1yIBXnml']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1121,Clearstream,Google API,https://chatttennsports.com/4523/uncategorized/pta-catheters-market-2022-2030-by-top-key-players-eucatech-phenox-natec-medical-qt-vascular-degania-silicone/,Pta Catheters Market 2022-2030  By Top Key Players – Eucatech  Phenox  Natec Medical  QT Vascular  Degania Silicone – ChattTenn Sports,1 day ago,The Pta Catheters market report is a perfect foundation for people looking out for a comprehensive study and analysis of the Pta Catheters market. This report contains a diverse study and information that will help you understand your niche and concentrate of key market channels in the regional and global market for Pta Catheters. To understand competition and take actions based on your key strengths you will be presented with the size of the market  demand in the current and future years  supply chain information  trading concerns  competitive analysis and the prices along with vendor information. The report also has insights about key market players  applications of Pta Catheters  its type  trends and overall market share.To set your business plan into action based on our detailed report  you will also be provided with complete and accurate prediction along with future projected figures. This will provide a broad picture of the market and help in devising solutions to leverage the key profitable elements and get clarity of the market to make strategic plans. The data present in the report is curated from different publications in our archive along with numerous reputed paid databases. Additionally  the data is collated with the help of dealers  raw material suppliers  and customers to ensure that the final output covers every minute detail regarding the Pta Catheters market  thus making it a perfect tool for serious buyers of this study.Pta Catheters Market: Competition LandscapeThe Pta Catheters market report includes information on the product launches  sustainability  and prospects of leading vendors including: (Eucatech  Phenox  Natec Medical  QT Vascular  Degania Silicone  Terumo Medical  Arthesys  Rontis Medical  Endocor  iVascular  Cordis  Eurocor  TriReme Medical  Covidien  Clearstream Technologies)Click the link to get a free Sample Copy of the Report @ https://crediblemarkets.com/sample-request/pta-catheters-market-43568?utm_source=Amruta&utm_medium=SatPRPta Catheters Market: SegmentationBy TypesBalloonHydrophilicDrug ElutingBy ApplicationsCardiovascularPeripheral NervousNeurologicalPta Catheters Market: Regional AnalysisAll the regional segmentation has been studied based on recent and future trends  and the market is forecasted throughout the prediction period. The countries covered in the regional analysis of the Global Pta Catheters market report are U.S.  Canada  and Mexico in North America  Germany  France  U.K.  Russia  Italy  Spain  Turkey  Netherlands  Switzerland  Belgium  and Rest of Europe in Europe  Singapore  Malaysia  Australia  Thailand  Indonesia  Philippines  China  Japan  India  South Korea  Rest of Asia-Pacific (APAC) in the Asia-Pacific (APAC)  Saudi Arabia  U.A.E  South Africa  Egypt  Israel  Rest of Middle East and Africa (MEA) as a part of Middle East and Africa (MEA)  and Argentina  Brazil  and Rest of South America as part of South America.Key Benefits of the report:This study presents the analytical depiction of the global Pta Catheters industry along with the current trends and future estimations to determine the imminent investment pockets.The report presents information related to key drivers  restraints  and opportunities along with detailed analysis of the global Pta Catheters market share.The current market is quantitatively analyzed from 2021 to 2028 to highlight the global Pta Catheters market growth scenario.Porter’s five forces analysis illustrates the potency of buyers & suppliers in the market.The report provides a detailed global Pta Catheters market analysis based on competitive intensity and how the competition will take shape in the coming years.Direct Purchase this Market Research Report Now @ https://crediblemarkets.com/reports/purchase/pta-catheters-market-43568?license_type=single_user;utm_source=Amruta&utm_medium=SatPRMajor Points Covered in TOC:Market Overview: It incorporates six sections  research scope  significant makers covered  market fragments by type  Pta Catheters market portions by application  study goals  and years considered.Market Landscape: Here  the opposition in the Worldwide Pta Catheters Market is dissected  by value  income  deals  and piece of the pie by organization  market rate  cutthroat circumstances Landscape  and most recent patterns  consolidation  development  obtaining  and portions of the overall industry of top organizations.Profiles of Manufacturers: Here  driving players of the worldwide Pta Catheters market are considered dependent on deals region  key items  net edge  income  cost  and creation.Market Status and Outlook by Region: In this segment  the report examines about net edge  deals  income  creation  portion of the overall industry  CAGR  and market size by locale. Here  the worldwide Pta Catheters Market is profoundly examined based on areas and nations like North America  Europe  China  India  Japan  and the MEA.Application or End User: This segment of the exploration study shows how extraordinary end-client/application sections add to the worldwide Pta Catheters Market.Market Forecast: Production Side: In this piece of the report  the creators have zeroed in on creation and creation esteem conjecture  key makers gauge  and creation and creation esteem estimate by type.Research Findings and Conclusion: This is one of the last segments of the report where the discoveries of the investigators and the finish of the exploration study are given.Key questions answered in the report:What will the market development pace of Pta Catheters market?What are the key factors driving the Global Pta Catheters market?Who are the key manufacturers in market space?What are the market openings  market hazard and market outline of the market?What are sales  revenue  and price analysis of top manufacturers of Pta Catheters market?Who are the distributors  traders  and dealers of Pta Catheters market?What are the Pta Catheters market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the Global Pta Catheters industries?What are deals  income  and value examination by types and utilizations of the market?What are deals  income  and value examination by areas of enterprises?About USCredible Markets is a new-age market research company with a firm grip on the pulse of global markets. Credible Markets has emerged as a dependable source for the market research needs of businesses within a quick time span. We have collaborated with leading publishers of market intelligence and the coverage of our reports reserve spans all the key industry verticals and thousands of micro markets. The massive repository allows our clients to pick from recently published reports from a range of publishers that also provide extensive regional and country-wise analysis. Moreover  pre-booked research reports are among our top offerings.The collection of market intelligence reports is regularly updated to offer visitors ready access to the most recent market insights. We provide round-the-clock support to help you repurpose search parameters and thereby avail a complete range of reserved reports. After all  it is all about helping you reach an informed strategic decision about purchasing the right report that caters to all your market research demands.Contact UsCredible Markets Analytics99 Wall Street 2124 New York  NY 10005Email: [email protected],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Pta Catheters Market', 'Top Key Players', 'Natec Medical', 'QT Vascular', 'Degania Silicone', 'ChattTenn Sports', 'Eucatech', 'Phenox', 'global Pta Catheters market growth scenario', 'detailed global Pta Catheters market analysis', 'global Pta Catheters market share', 'The Pta Catheters market report', 'Global Pta Catheters market report', 'worldwide Pta Catheters Ma', 'global Pta Catheters industry', 'Pta Catheters market portions', 'overall market share', 'free Sample Copy', 'Types Balloon Hydrophilic', 'imminent investment pockets', 'five forces analysis', 'extraordinary end-client/application sections', 'key profitable elements', 'key market channels', 'U.A.E', 'future projected figures', 'raw material suppliers', 'global market', 'supply chain information', 'Market Research Report', 'key market players', 'detailed analysis', 'detailed report', 'overall industry', 'Market Overview', 'market rate', 'Market Status', 'current market', 'Market Landscape', 'competitive analysis', 'six sections', 'research scope', 'key strengths', 'Key Benefits', 'key drivers', 'key items', 'U.S.', 'U.K.', 'Regional Analysis', 'future estimations', 'perfect foundation', 'trading concerns', 'business plan', 'accurate prediction', 'broad picture', 'strategic plans', 'different publications', 'numerous reputed', 'final output', 'minute detail', 'perfect tool', 'product launches', 'leading vendors', 'Natec Medical', 'QT Vascular', 'Degania Silicone', 'Terumo Medical', 'Rontis Medical', 'TriReme Medical', 'Clearstream Technologies', 'Drug Eluting', 'Peripheral Nervous', 'prediction period', 'North America', 'South Korea', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'analytical depiction', 'competitive intensity', 'Major Points', 'significant makers', 'cutthroat circumstances', 'top organizations', 'net edge', 'End User', 'future years', 'future trends', 'comprehensive study', 'diverse study', 'coming years', 'study goals', 'exploration study', 'vendor information', 'serious buyers', 'Applications Cardiovascular', 'recent patterns', 'current trends', 'South Africa', 'regional segmentation', 'Competition Landscape', 'people', 'niche', 'concentrate', 'actions', 'size', 'demand', 'prices', 'insights', 'complete', 'solutions', 'clarity', 'data', 'archive', 'help', 'dealers', 'customers', 'sustainability', 'prospects', 'Eucatech', 'Phenox', 'Arthesys', 'Endocor', 'iVascular', 'Cordis', 'Eurocor', 'Covidien', 'link', 'crediblemarkets', 'sample-request', 'pta-catheters-market', 'Amruta', 'SatPR', 'Neurological', 'countries', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Germany', 'France', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Turkey', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'Belgium', 'Rest', 'Europe', 'Singapore', 'Malaysia', 'Australia', 'Thailand', 'Indonesia', 'Philippines', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'Asia-Pacific', 'APAC', 'Egypt', 'Israel', 'MEA', 'part', 'Argentina', 'Brazil', 'opportunities', 'Porter', 'potency', 'shape', 'reports', 'purchase', 'license_type', 'single_user', 'TOC', 'fragments', 'opposition', 'value', 'income', 'deals', 'piece', 'consolidation', 'development', 'Profiles', 'Manufacturers', 'cost', 'creation', 'Outlook', 'CAGR', 'locale', 'areas', 'nations']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,chatttennsports.com
1122,Clearstream,Google API,https://chatttennsports.com/35974/business/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-to-witness-a-substantial-growth-owing-to-rising-adoption-of-japanese-technology-till-2031-endologix-inc-william-cook-europe-aps-bolton-medical-inc-jotec-gmbh/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market to Witness a Substantial Growth Owing to Rising Adoption of Japanese Technology Till 2031,10 hours ago,Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report provides in-depth analysis of market players  geography  end users  applications  competitor analysis  Trends and Forecast. The report offers a comprehensive insight into the development policies and plans in addition to manufacturing processes and cost structures.The recent research on Peripheral Vascular Devices market is a comprehensive study which provides exclusive insights about Peripheral Vascular Devices business for new market entrants and established players. The report carefully analyses all the essential aspects of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market and provides a detailed overview of the growth prospects of the industry. Along with that the report also offers readers the complete information about latest market trends  shares and revenue growth patterns over the years. The researchers make use of graphs  charts  pie diagrams  etc. to explain the data graphically. In addition to that to study the market number various tables are added to show the data in tabular form. This helps the readers in understanding the data more easily and precisely.Free Sample Report With Report Structure @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791An Overview of the Impact of COVID-19 on this Market:Effect of COVID-19: Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report investigate the effect of Coronavirus (COVID-19) on the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry. The worldwide effects of the Covid infection 2020 (COVID-19) are now beginning to be felt  and will essentially influence the Peripheral Vascular Devices market in 2020 and 2021. Cautious assessment of the components molding the Peripheral Vascular Devices market size  share  and the development direction of the market;Point by point examination of all the market portionsAn intensive assessment of the provincial and serious elements of the marketExtensive evaluation of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemicThe report also involves the important trends of the market  emerging technologies  Achievements  Research & Development  new product launch  product responses  and regional growth of the most important competitors operating in the market on a universal and local scale. Peripheral Vascular Devices market is split by Type and by Applications. For the period 2021-2031  the growth among segments provides accurate calculations and forecasts for sales by Type and by Application in terms of volume and value. This analysis can help you expand your business by targeting qualified niche markets.Top players Covered in Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Study are: Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Peripheral Vascular Devices Market SegmentationPeripheral Vascular Devices market is split by Type and by Application. For the period 2021-2031  the growth among segments provides accurate calculations and forecasts for sales by Type and by Application in terms of volume and value. This analysis can help you expand your business by targeting qualified niche markets.Regional analysis includes:Asia-Pacific ( China  Malaysia  Japan  Philippines  South Korea  Thailand  India  Indonesia  and Australia)( China  Malaysia  Japan  Philippines  South Korea  Thailand  India  Indonesia  and Australia) Europe ( Germany  Russia UK  Italy  France )( Germany  Russia UK  Italy  France ) North America (United States  Mexico  and Canada)(United States  Mexico  and Canada) South America (Brazil  Rest of South America)(Brazil  Rest of South America) The Middle East and Africa (GCC Countries and Egypt)Get Discount on Purchase this Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-discount/791Challenges and Risks Analysis in Peripheral Vascular Devices Market:The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market is characterized by several leading factors  with each factor playing a crucial role in the growth of the industry. The growing demand of products coupled with easy availability of the same has helped the industry flourish across the globe.The report is useful in providing answers to several critical questions that are important for the industry stakeholders such as manufacturers and partners  end-users  etc.  besides allowing them in strategizing investments and capitalizing on market opportunities.Table of Content:1 Scope of the Report2 Executive Summary3 Global Composites by Players4 Composites by Regions5 Market Drivers  Challenges and Trends6 Global Composites Market Forecast7 Research Findings and Conclusion* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.29,0.09,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices', 'Substantial Growth', 'Rising Adoption', 'Japanese Technology', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segmentation', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Study', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices business', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'William Cook Europe ApS', '6 Global Composites Market Forecast', 'new market entrants', 'qualified niche markets', 'several leading factors', 'several critical questions', 'long-term strategic goals', 'new product launch', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'The Middle East', 'high-quality research services', 'latest market trends', 'revenue growth patterns', 'Free Sample Report', '3 Global Composites', 'comprehensive study', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market number', 'market size', 'market portions', 'market opportunities', '5 Market Drivers', 'market players', 'emerging technologies', 'product responses', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'Report Structure', 'end users', 'comprehensive insight', 'manufacturing processes', 'cost structures', 'recent research', 'exclusive insights', 'essential aspects', 'pie diagrams', 'various tables', 'tabular form', 'worldwide effects', 'Cautious assessment', 'intensive assessment', 'serious elements', 'Extensive evaluation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'important competitors', 'local scale', 'accurate calculations', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'South Korea', 'Russia UK', 'North America', 'United States', 'South America', 'GCC Countries', 'crucial role', 'growing demand', 'easy availability', '2 Executive Summary', '7 Research Findings', 'research analysts', 'management consultants', 'common vision', 'industry stakeholders', 'established players', 'important trends', 'Top players', 'depth analysis', 'competitor analysis', 'development policies', 'growth prospects', 'development direction', 'regional growth', 'Regional analysis', 'Risks Analysis', 'detailed overview', 'complete information', 'point examination', 'Direct Purchase', 'Covid infection', '4 Composites', 'geography', 'applications', 'plans', 'addition', 'readers', 'shares', 'years', 'researchers', 'graphs', 'charts', 'data', 'insightslice', 'request', 'Impact', 'Coronavirus', 'components', 'provincial', 'Achievements', 'universal', 'Type', 'period', 'segments', 'forecasts', 'sales', 'terms', 'volume', 'value', 'Bosto', 'others', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Malaysia', 'Japan', 'Philippines', 'Thailand', 'India', 'Indonesia', 'Australia', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'France', 'Mexico', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'Rest', 'Africa', 'Egypt', 'Discount', 'Challenges', 'products', 'globe', 'answers', 'manufacturers', 'partners', 'end-users', 'investments', 'Content', '1 Scope', 'Regions', 'Conclusion', 'buy', 'team', 'individuals', 'organizations', 'short-term']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,chatttennsports.com
1123,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,And if the tales of #Cedel #Clearstream are true in relation to the #Vatican Scandal and #RobertoCalvi… https://t.co/sjMigVm1Qg,nan,And if the tales of #Cedel #Clearstream are true in relation to the #Vatican Scandal and #RobertoCalvi… https://t.co/sjMigVm1Qg,negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['tales', 'relation', 'sjMigVm1Qg', 'tales', 'relation', 'sjMigVm1Qg']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1124,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ForeignAffairs RU didn’t need China in particular or ClearStream  to “hide reserves;” it just needs to tap the off… https://t.co/28MlKh0pGE,nan,@ForeignAffairs RU didn’t need China in particular or ClearStream  to “hide reserves;” it just needs to tap the off… https://t.co/28MlKh0pGE,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,True,English,"['China', 'ClearStream', 'reserves', 'MlKh0pGE', 'China', 'ClearStream', 'reserves', 'MlKh0pGE']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1125,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Sanctions #Russia #War #ClearingHouses #Systems #Secrecy #MoneyFlows #Euroclear #Clearstream #FollowTheMoney 💸… https://t.co/sRuQnZh8RD,nan,#Sanctions #Russia #War #ClearingHouses #Systems #Secrecy #MoneyFlows #Euroclear #Clearstream #FollowTheMoney 💸… https://t.co/sRuQnZh8RD,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,True,English,"['Russia #War', 'ClearingHouses #Systems', 'Sanctions', 'MoneyFlows', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'FollowTheMoney', 'sRuQnZh8RD', 'Russia #War', 'ClearingHouses #Systems', 'Sanctions', 'MoneyFlows', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'FollowTheMoney', 'sRuQnZh8RD']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1126,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,C$211.36 - #FreeShipping | Shop with us today and enjoy up to 40%OFF!  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoo… https://t.co/aq8KuSTTgu,nan,C$211.36 - #FreeShipping | Shop with us today and enjoy up to 40%OFF!  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoo… https://t.co/aq8KuSTTgu,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream 4V Indoor', '40%OFF', 'Antennas', 'Outdoo', 'aq8KuSTTgu', 'Clearstream 4V Indoor', '40%OFF', 'Antennas', 'Outdoo', 'aq8KuSTTgu']",2022-03-19,2022-03-21,Unknown
1127,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@PETEKEELEY I agree.  This is why HarperCollins is constitutionally required to publish my novel.  And Clearstream… https://t.co/qshUpA4KQV,nan,@PETEKEELEY I agree.  This is why HarperCollins is constitutionally required to publish my novel.  And Clearstream… https://t.co/qshUpA4KQV,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,True,English,"['PETEKEELEY', 'HarperCollins', 'novel', 'Clearstream', 'qshUpA4KQV', 'PETEKEELEY', 'HarperCollins', 'novel', 'Clearstream', 'qshUpA4KQV']",2022-03-19,2022-03-21,Unknown
1128,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Changes to the Settlement Process for Syndicated Bond Issuances through Euroclear and Clearstream https://t.co/RHBYKnijOh | by @dechertllp,nan,Changes to the Settlement Process for Syndicated Bond Issuances through Euroclear and Clearstream https://t.co/RHBYKnijOh | by @dechertllp,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Syndicated Bond Issuances', 'Settlement Process', 'Changes', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RHBYKnijOh', 'Syndicated Bond Issuances', 'Settlement Process', 'Changes', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RHBYKnijOh']",2022-03-19,2022-03-21,Unknown
1129,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,nan,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h', 'Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h']",2022-03-19,2022-03-21,Unknown
1130,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/savingandinvesting/here-s-why-hold-is-an-apt-strategy-for-nasdaq-ndaq-now/ar-AAVkrvL,Here's Why Hold is an Apt Strategy for Nasdaq (NDAQ) Now,Nasdaq Inc.’s NDAQ accelerating organic growth  focus on ramping up on-trading revenue base  strategic buyouts to capitalize on growing markets opportunities  effective capital deployment along with favorable growth estimates make it worth retaining in one’s portfolio.,Nasdaq Inc.’s NDAQ accelerating organic growth  focus on ramping up on-trading revenue base  strategic buyouts to capitalize on growing markets opportunities  effective capital deployment along with favorable growth estimates make it worth retaining in one’s portfolio.NDAQ has a solid track record of beating earnings estimates in the last 12 quarters.Zacks Rank & Price PerformanceNasdaq currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Over the past year  the stock has rallied 21.8% compared with the industry’s increase of 17.4%  the Finance sector’s rise of 9% and the Zacks S&P 500 composite’s increase of 13.4%.© Provided by Zacks.com Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchGrowth ProjectionsThe Zacks Consensus Estimate for Nasdaq’s 2022 earnings is pegged at $7.88  indicating a 4.2% increase from the year-ago reported figure on 5% higher revenues of $3.6 billion. The consensus estimate for 2023 earnings is pegged at $8.52  indicating an 8.2% increase from the year-ago reported figure on 5.4% higher revenues of $5.6 billion. The long-term earnings growth rate is currently pegged at 13.5%  better than the industry average of 9.6%.Return on Equity (ROE)Return on equity was 19.8% in the trailing twelve months  better than the industry average of 14.3%.Estimate RevisionThe Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2022 has moved north by 2.1% while the consensus estimate for 2023 has moved 2.3% in the past 60 days  reflecting analyst optimism.Business TailwindsNasdaq remains focused on repositioning its business and aims to generate revenues from high growth Market Technology and Investment Intelligence segments and diverted R&D spending toward higher-growth products. At the same time  NDAQ has divested non-core assets that fetched $700 million.Technology expansion with SMARTS surveillance in non-financial markets reflects focus on emerging opportunities in the cryptocurrency markets.Nasdaq noted that the anti fin crime space has a total addressable market of $12.5 billion and is expected to witness a CAGR of 17% through 2024. The acquisition of Verafin in February 2021 is thus a strategic fit as the combination will complement Nasdaq's established reg tech leadership to create a global SaaS leader.NDAQ estimates growth from its index and analytics businesses  followed by moderate growth in its exchange data products across U.S. and Nordic equities.NDAQ boasts a healthy balance sheet and cash position along with modest operating cash flow from its diverse business model. This in turn helps in effective capital deployment. NDAQ had $784 million remaining under its share repurchase authorization as of Jan 25  2022.Solid Dividend HistoryNasdaq has been hiking dividends at a seven-year CAGR (2015 – 2021) of 22.6%  driven by solid earnings. Its dividend yield is currently 1.2%  above the industry average of 1.1%.Stocks to ConsiderSome better-ranked stocks from the finance sector include OTC Markets Group Inc. OTCM  Deutsche Boerse AG DBOEY and International Money Express Inc. IMXI. While OTC Markets sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy)  Deutsche Boerse and International Money Express carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for OTC Markets Group’s 2022 earnings has moved up 7.3% in the past 30 days. The expected long-term earnings growth rate is pegged at 9%.OTC Markets Group’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 40.75%. In the past year  OTCM has gained 52.7%.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Deutsche Boerse’s 2022 and 2023 earnings per share indicates a year-over-year increase of 8.4% and 8.9%  respectively.Deutsche Boerse’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 8.05%. In the past year  DBOEY has gained 10.4%.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for International Money Express’s 2022 earnings has moved up 12.2% in the past 30 days. IMXI’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 16.37%.In the past year  IMXI has gained 39.1%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IMXI’s 2022 earnings implies 12.9% year-over-year growth.,neutral,0.09,0.87,0.03,positive,0.76,0.19,0.05,True,English,"['Apt Strategy', 'Nasdaq', 'NDAQ', 'anti fin crime space', 'modest operating cash flow', 'Zacks S&P 500 composite', 'The Zacks Consensus Estimate', 'International Money Express Inc', 'high growth Market Technology', 'OTC Markets Group Inc', 'long-term earnings growth rate', 'total addressable market', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'trading revenue base', 'effective capital deployment', 'trailing twelve months', 'Investment Intelligence segments', 'R&D spending', 'reg tech leadership', 'global SaaS leader', 'healthy balance sheet', 'solid track record', 'exchange data products', 'last four quarters', 'growing markets opportunities', 'Solid Dividend History', 'diverse business model', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'favorable growth estimates', 'Zacks #1 Rank stocks', 'beating earnings estimates', 'last 12 quarters', 'Zacks Rank', 'Estimate Revision', 'Zacks.com', 'Technology expansion', 'U.S.', 'cash position', 'non-financial markets', 'cryptocurrency markets', 'organic growth', 'Growth Projections', 'moderate growth', 'year growth', 'higher-growth products', 'emerging opportunities', 'dividend yield', 'Nasdaq Inc.', 'solid earnings', 'strategic buyouts', 'Price Performance', 'Finance sector', 'Image Source', 'past 60 days', 'analyst optimism', 'Business Tailwinds', 'same time', 'non-core assets', 'SMARTS surveillance', 'strategic fit', 'analytics businesses', 'Nordic equities', 'ranked stocks', 'complete list', 'past 30 days', 'past year', '5% higher revenues', '5.4% higher revenues', 'seven-year CAGR', 'industry average', 'year increase', '2022 earnings', '2023 earnings', '4.2% increase', '8.2% increase', 'NDAQ', 'portfolio', 'Hold', 'rise', 'year-ago', 'figure', 'Return', 'Equity', 'ROE', 'focus', 'acquisition', 'Verafin', 'February', 'combination', 'index', 'Jan', 'dividends', 'OTCM', 'DBOEY', 'IMXI.', 'Strong', 'today']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,msn.com
1131,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://247wallst.com/sponsored-content/2022/03/21/iss-on-shaky-ground-with-esg-why-do-investors-and-ceos-beg-for-their-approval/,ISS on shaky ground with ESG; Why do Investors and CEOs Beg for Their Approval? – 24,Titans of industry  from billionaire hedge fund managers to Fortune 500 CEOs  eagerly await – and attempt to influence – ISS reports and recommendations because they are seen as pivotal in affecting the votes of large investment firms on matters of M&A ,ISS on shaky ground with ESG; Why do Investors and CEOs Beg for Their Approval?Institutional Shareholder Services  more commonly known as ISS  is the kingmaker of corporate America.Titans of industry  from billionaire hedge fund managers to Fortune 500 CEOs  eagerly await – and attempt to influence – ISS reports and recommendations because they are seen as pivotal in affecting the votes of large investment firms on matters of M&A  board slates  and other shareholder-level decisions.In recent years  ISS has claimed itself to be the market leader in the environmental  social  and governance (ESG) field  demanding that companies focus on reducing their environmental footprint and increasing diversity or risk incurring their wrath.In the summer of 2020  publicly traded companies received a letter from ISS’s head of ESG  Marija Kramer  asking them to report the race and ethnicity of each of their directors.A section from the letter reads:We are seeking information on the self-identified race/ethnicity of each of the company’s directors and named executive officers (NEOs)  to the extent that the company and the individual directors or NEOs are willing to provide this. This can be done using the attached Excel file which allows you to choose from multiple categories that are largely drawn from the OMB Standards for the Classification of Race and Ethnicity.The author  who is white  represents the broader ISS leadership team that is less diverse than the image they claim to espouse. The more you research ISS’s record  it seems clear that the organization does not appear to have any legitimacy to comment on environmental impact or racial diversity given its own record. Also  its profit motives are suspect.The Pot Calling the Kettle White?ISS seems to be an odd candidate to assess performance on diversity  equity  and inclusion. All 17 of the listed ISS executives appear to be white. Similarly  all the executives at ISS’s parent companies – Genstar Capital and Deutsche Boerse – also appear to be white. Of the nearly 30 executives and board members between ISS and its parent companies  100% are white. How can a company that does not have a single person of color holding an executive position play a role in scolding companies for lack of diversity?Pay to Play Greenwashing?ISS appears to have an opaque pricing model  leaving investors uncertain as to whose interests are actually being represented – the company paying ISS for so-called ESG certifications or the investors who rely on ISS for objective analysis?One illustration of this is Bridgestone Tire  which ISS honored in 2021 with its highest ESG prime certification. In 2021  Bridgestone paid a $3.35 million civil settlement after it was charged with violating the Clean Air Act.That same year  Bridgestone was part of a $5.5 million settlement that claimed one of Bridgestone’s factories in Louisiana had dumped toxic wastewater into the bayou. As an aside  Bridgestone Americas appears to have only one person of color on its management team.This example calls into question the process by which ISS bestows its ESG prime certifications and other ESG ratings on all companies. If companies pay to be considered for ISS’s various certifications  doesn’t it give them a skewed incentive structure to give said companies improved ESG marks?There is a Better WayIf the leading promoter of ESG cannot itself live up to its own standards  then we need to rethink ESG itself and opt for corporate citizenship instead. That is the reason for the creation of The Corporate Citizenship Project (www.CorporateCitizenshipProject.com)  a think-tank focused on offering objective reports and analysis on governance issues in corporate America.Corporate Citizenship means companies play a role in making their communities and our country a better place  not through arbitrary and selectively enforced rules foisted on them by unelected outsiders  but instead through their own initiative and based on their own needs and resources.The recent Russian invasion of Ukraine is a further illustration of the flaws of the ESG movement  which has pushed for divestment from domestic energy producers for years. As a result of this approach  the United States is vulnerable to massive supply shocks resulting from oil shortages. Recent reports from The New York Times say American diplomats are meeting with autocratic regimes in Venezuela and Iran to try to shore up supplies of oil to make up for the oil embargo on Russia.If ESG advocates at ISS had not pushed for divestment from domestic oil production  maybe the United States would not have to make dubious deals with unscrupulous global tyrants just to keep gasoline prices at a reasonable rate.Unfortunately  practical concerns are not of interest to ESG proponents at ISS. ESG is an arbitrary and virtue-signaling movement put together by out-of-touch white billionaires like Larry Fink. They are insulated from the need for any practical considerations and who practically never follow their own pious rules.Corporate America does not need to bend to the will of the ISS. It is time for an alternative.,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,mixed,0.03,0.11,0.86,True,English,"['shaky ground', 'ISS', 'ESG', 'Investors', 'CEOs', 'Approval', 'billionaire hedge fund managers', 'The New York Times', 'highest ESG prime certification', 'The Corporate Citizenship Project', 'broader ISS leadership team', 'The Pot Calling', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'large investment firms', 'other shareholder-level decisions', 'opaque pricing model', 'Clean Air Act', 'skewed incentive structure', 'domestic energy producers', 'massive supply shocks', 'unscrupulous global tyrants', 'recent Russian invasion', '$3.35 million civil settlement', 'domestic oil production', 'other ESG ratings', 'ESG prime certifications', '$5.5 million settlement', 'management team', 'corporate America', 'various certifications', 'Recent reports', 'ESG certifications', 'shaky ground', 'M&A', 'board slates', 'market leader', 'environmental footprint', 'Marija Kramer', 'identified race/ethnicity', 'executive officers', 'Excel file', 'multiple categories', 'environmental impact', 'profit motives', 'odd candidate', 'Genstar Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'board members', 'single person', 'executive position', 'toxic wastewater', 'one person', 'Better Way', 'leading promoter', 'objective reports', 'unelected outsiders', 'United States', 'oil shortages', 'American diplomats', 'autocratic regimes', 'oil embargo', 'dubious deals', 'gasoline prices', 'reasonable rate', 'practical concerns', 'virtue-signaling movement', 'white billionaires', 'Larry Fink', 'practical considerations', 'ESG) field', 'ESG marks', 'ESG movement', 'ESG advocates', 'ESG proponents', 'recent years', 'Fortune 500 CEOs', 'OMB Standards', 'objective analysis', 'One illustration', 'governance issues', 'pious rules', 'Bridgestone Tire', 'Bridgestone Americas', 'traded companies', 'individual directors', 'parent companies', 'ISS reports', 'racial diversity', 'ISS executives', '30 executives', 'Investors', 'Approval', 'kingmaker', 'Titans', 'industry', 'recommendations', 'votes', 'matters', 'risk', 'wrath', 'summer', 'letter', 'head', 'section', 'information', 'company', 'NEOs', 'extent', 'Classification', 'author', 'image', 'record', 'organization', 'legitimacy', 'Kettle', 'performance', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'color', 'role', 'lack', 'Greenwashing', 'interests', 'part', 'factories', 'Louisiana', 'bayou', 'aside', 'example', 'question', 'process', 'creation', 'CorporateCitizenshipProject', 'think-tank', 'communities', 'country', 'place', 'arbitrary', 'selectively', 'initiative', 'needs', 'resources', 'Ukraine', 'flaws', 'divestment', 'result', 'approach', 'Venezuela', 'Iran', 'supplies', 'touch']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,247wallst.com
1132,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/heres-why-you-should-hold-on-to-cboe-global-cboe-stock,Here's Why You Should Hold On to Cboe Global (CBOE) Stock,Cboe Global Markets CBOE is poised for growth on the back of higher options market ADV  higher subscribers and additional revenues  as well as effective capital deployment. Earnin,Cboe Global Markets CBOE is poised for growth on the back of higher options market ADV  higher subscribers and additional revenues  as well as effective capital deployment.Earnings EstimateThe Zacks Consensus Estimate for Cboe Global’s 2022 and 2023 earnings per share is pegged at $6.18 and $6.49  indicating a year-over-year increase of 2.1% and 5.1%.Estimate RevisionThe Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2022 and 2023 has moved 0.5% and 0.1% north  respectively  in the past 30 days  reflecting analysts’ optimism.Earnings Surprise HistoryCboe Global has a decent earnings surprise history with a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 6.2%  on average.Zacks RankCboe Global currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Return on Equity (ROE)Cboe Global’s ROE for the trailing 12 months is 18.6%  better than the industry average of 14.3% and expanded 120 basis points year over year. This reflects its efficiency in utilizing shareholders’ funds.Business TailwindsBy virtue of higher revenues driven by increased transaction fees  access and capacity fees  market data fees  regulatory fees  as well as other revenues across the business segments  Cboe Global’s top-line growth is likely to improve.Higher options market ADV and increase in European Equities matched ADNV are expected to drive transaction and clearing fees. Higher subscribers and additional revenues attributed to Chi-X Asia Pacific should drive market data fees.Higher logical port revenues across the Options  Europe and the Asia Pacific  and North American Equities segments  along with an increase in physical port revenues in the North American Equities and Options segments  should benefit the access and capacity fees.Cboe Global targets organic net revenue growth of 7% to 10% annually over the medium term in the Data and Access Solutions (DnA) business. Additional subscriptions as well as incremental units are likely to drive organic growth in access and capacity fees and proprietary market data fees in the DnA business of Cboe Global.The derivatives businesses should gain from wider access to products and services globally through new initiatives including the successful launch of 24x5 trading for SPX and VIX options  scaling of new European Derivatives business  and the continued engagement of retail customers in the options market.Derivatives initiatives are expected to contribute 2- 4% of total organic net revenue growth over the medium term.Cboe Global targets organic net revenue growth of 5% to 7% annually in 2022.Cboe Global  being the largest stock exchange operator by volume in the United States and a leading market for ETP trading  enjoys a strong liquidity position. The cash from operations and availability under the revolving credit facility are sufficient to meet cash needs to fund operations  capital expenditures  interest payments on debt  any dividends  and opportunities for share repurchases under the previously announced program.Solid liquidity mitigates balance-sheet risks and accelerates capital deployment. Cboe Global has $319 million remaining under share repurchase authorizations.The stock has rallied 15.6% compared with the industry’s increase of 17.4% in the past year.Image Source: Zacks Investment ResearchStocks to ConsiderSome better-ranked stocks from the finance sector include OTC Markets Group Inc. OTCM  Deutsche Boerse AG DBOEY and International Money Express Inc. IMXI. While OTC Markets sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy)  Deutsche Boerse and International Money Express carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for OTC Markets Group’s 2022 earnings has moved up 7.3% in the past 30 days. The expected long-term earnings growth rate is pegged at 9%.OTC Markets Group’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 40.75%. In the past year  OTCM has gained 52.7%.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Deutsche Boerse’s 2022 and 2023 earnings per share indicates a year-over-year increase of 8.4% and 8.9%  respectively.Deutsche Boerse’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 8.05%. In the past year  DBOEY has gained 10.4%.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for International Money Express’s 2022 earnings has moved up 12.2% in the past 30 days. IMXI’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 16.37%.In the past year  IMXI has gained 39.1%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IMXI’s 2022 earnings implies 12.9% year-over-year growth.Breakout Biotech Stocks with Triple-Digit Profit PotentialThe biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $2.4 trillion by 2028 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. They’re also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.Zacks has just released Century of Biology: 7 Biotech Stocks to Buy Right Now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. Recommendations from previous editions of this report have produced gains of +205%  +258% and +477%. The stocks in this report could perform even better.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.3,0.39,True,English,"['Cboe Global', 'CBOE) Stock', 'total organic net revenue growth', 'The Zacks Consensus Estimate', 'largest stock exchange operator', 'International Money Express Inc', 'OTC Markets Group Inc', 'decent earnings surprise history', 'long-term earnings growth rate', 'Higher logical port revenues', 'North American Equities segments', 'trailing four-quarter earnings surprise', 'proprietary market data fees', 'new European Derivatives business', 'Higher options market ADV', 'physical port revenues', 'revolving credit facility', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'last four quarters', 'Triple-Digit Profit Potential', 'Chi-X Asia Pacific', 'effective capital deployment', 'share repurchase authorizations', 'strong liquidity position', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Breakout Biotech Stocks', 'Zacks #1 Rank stocks', 'Cboe Global Markets', 'organic growth', 'European Equities', 'Estimate Revision', 'Earnings Estimate', 'higher revenues', 'Zacks Rank', 'business segments', 'trailing 12 months', 'top-line growth', 'Options segments', 'new initiatives', 'leading market', 'higher subscribers', 'year growth', 'derivatives businesses', 'Derivatives initiatives', 'additional revenues', 'other revenues', 'Solid liquidity', 'Business Tailwinds', 'DnA) business', 'DnA business', 'capacity fees', 'regulatory fees', 'VIX options', 'capital expenditures', 'biotech sector', '7 Biotech Stocks', 'past 30 days', 'analysts’ optimism', 'shareholders’ funds', 'medium term', 'Additional subscriptions', 'incremental units', 'successful launch', '24x5 trading', 'continued engagement', 'retail customers', 'United States', 'ETP trading', 'interest payments', 'balance-sheet risks', 'Image Source', 'ranked stocks', 'finance sector', 'complete list', 'human genome', 'transaction fees', 'past year', 'share repurchases', 'cash needs', 'Access Solutions', 'wider access', 'year increase', 'industry average', '7 stocks', '2023 earnings', '2022 earnings', 'back', 'Return', 'Equity', 'ROE', 'efficiency', 'virtue', 'ADNV', 'products', 'services', 'SPX', 'volume', 'operations', 'availability', 'debt', 'dividends', 'opportunities', 'program', 'OTCM', 'DBOEY', 'IMXI.', 'today', 'estimates', 'scientists', 'treatments', 'thousands', 'diseases', 'ways', 'vulnerability', 'Century', 'Biology', 'investors', 'outperformance', '2.', '5.1', '8.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,nasdaq.com
1133,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading in Deutsche Bank bonds  among others  started today. The papers carry an interest rate of 4% and mature in… https://t.co/Eu6cTszMwY,nan,Trading in Deutsche Bank bonds  among others  started today. The papers carry an interest rate of 4% and mature in… https://t.co/Eu6cTszMwY,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank bonds', 'interest rate', 'Trading', 'others', 'papers', 'Eu6cTszMwY', 'Deutsche Bank bonds', 'interest rate', 'Trading', 'others', 'papers', 'Eu6cTszMwY']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1134,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Photographers’ Gallery/Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation. Tracing Loss and Trauma  6:30pm  25 Mar 2022. ‘We… https://t.co/K4l1mA5dQD,nan,The Photographers’ Gallery/Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation. Tracing Loss and Trauma  6:30pm  25 Mar 2022. ‘We… https://t.co/K4l1mA5dQD,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'The Photographers’ Gallery', 'Tracing', 'Loss', 'Trauma', '25 Mar', 'K4l1mA5dQD', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'The Photographers’ Gallery', 'Tracing', 'Loss', 'Trauma', '25 Mar', 'K4l1mA5dQD']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-2022-03-21/,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Reuters.com,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,"LONDON  March 21 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterFnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext (ENX.PA) and the London Stock Exchange Group .Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander (SAN.MC)  BNY Mellon (BK.N)  Barclays (BARC.L)  CIBC (CM.TO)  Commerzbank (CBKG.DE)  Credit Suisse (CSGN.S)  ING (INGA.AS)  KBC Group (KBC.BR)  Lloyds Banking Group   Mizuho Bank (8411.T)  MUFG Bank (8306.T)  Nasdaq (NDAQ.O)  State Street Corporation (STT.N)  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (8316.T) and UBS (UBSG.S).($1 = 0.9062 euros)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund BlairOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Reuters', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Securities settlement house', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'The Bank', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'digital securities', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'BK.N', 'BARC.L', 'CBKG.DE', 'Credit Suisse', 'INGA.AS', 'KBC.BR', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'NDAQ.O', 'STT.N', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'ENX.', 'MC', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'CSGN', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,reuters.com
1136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-receives-approval-colombia-antitrust-093000431.html,Nexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition,Nexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris  France / Monterrey  Mexico  March 21  2022...,"NexansNexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  France / Monterrey  Mexico  March 21  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) announced today that it has received antitrust clearance from Superintendencia de Industria y Comercio (“SIC”) of Colombia  that will permit Nexans SA to proceed with the proposed acquisition  from Xignux SA  of Centelsa.“We are very pleased that the SIC has approved this transaction as it demonstrates the Group’s firepower to become a Pure Electrification player. This significant step forward in the process that will see Centelsa part of the Nexans Group will generate significant benefits for all stakeholders."" said Christopher Guérin  Nexans Chief Executive Officer.About CentelsaCENTELSA is a manufacturing company of cables for energy and communications  which has been part of the industry since 1955  during which time it has retained its position as a recognized cable manufacturer in Colombia. It has a network of strategically located offices to cover the national and international markets  thus offering outstanding service levels.About XignuxXignux is a Mexico-based company dedicated to the energy and food industries with sales in more than 40 countries. Xignux was founded 65 years ago and employs more than 28 000 people in five countries. Xignux manages companies that energize life and society to contribute to a better world. www.xignux.comAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrify the future. With around 25 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2021  Nexans generated 6.1 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Building & Territories  High Voltage & Projects  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans is the first company of its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Story continuesNexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comwww.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationElyette Rouxelyette.roux@nexans.comMinaa El BazTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 65minaa.el_baz@nexans.com Investor relationsAurélia Baudey-VignaudTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 94aurelia.baudey-vignaud@nexans.comElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comXignux Contacts:CommunicationMediaContact@xignux.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.75,0.21,0.04,True,English,"['antitrust authority', 'Centelsa acquisition', 'Nexans', 'approval', 'Colombia', 'Superintendencia de Industria y', 'four main business areas', 'Nexans Chief Executive Officer', 'Christopher Guérin', 'outstanding service levels', 'Aurélia Baudey-Vignaud', 'Elyette Roux elyette', 'Minaa El Baz', 'Pure Electrification player', 'antitrust authority', 'antitrust clearance', 'significant step', 'significant benefits', 'cable manufacturer', 'international markets', 'Mexico-based company', 'food industries', 'a century', 'crucial role', '6.1 billion euros', 'cable systems', 'High Voltage', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'manufacturing company', 'new world', 'standard sales', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Communication MediaContact', 'Nexans SA', 'five countries', 'Xignux SA', 'Nexans Group', 'Centelsa acquisition', 'Centelsa part', 'Xignux Contacts', '40 countries', '42 countries', 'approval', 'Colombia', 'France', 'Monterrey', 'Comercio', 'SIC', 'transaction', 'firepower', 'process', 'stakeholders', 'cables', 'energy', 'communications', 'industry', 'time', 'position', 'recognized', 'network', 'offices', '28,000 people', 'companies', 'life', 'society', 'planet', 'future', '25,000 people', 'charge', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'services', 'Building', 'Territories', 'Projects', 'Solutions', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'Story', 'information', 'Tel.', 'aurelia', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220321005642/en/ONWARD-Confirms-Cash-Runway-through-End-of-2024,ONWARD Confirms Cash Runway through End of 2024,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014). ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical techno…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014).ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces its current cash balance is expected to fuel operations through the end of 2024. The company’s strong cash position will mitigate the impact of industry-wide supply chain challenges that may affect certain development programs.Global microprocessor shortages and the scarcity of other components are expected to impact development and commercialization timing for both of the company’s technology platforms. Assuming normal regulatory authorization windows  the company now expects its ARCEX platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2023. It expects its ARCIM platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2025.“Many companies and industries have been affected by supply chain challenges. To limit our downside  we have worked with determination to source critical components and assure continuity of supply in order to fulfill our mission to help people with spinal cord injury live better lives ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We have a strong balance sheet  with cash to propel operations through the end of 2024  and we will look for opportunities to further strengthen our cash position as equity capital markets improve in the US and across the globe.”To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed stimulation of the spinal cord to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.04,0.24,0.72,True,English,"['Cash Runway', 'ONWARD', 'End', '2024', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'normal regulatory authorization windows', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'industry-wide supply chain challenges', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Global microprocessor shortages', 'strong balance sheet', 'equity capital markets', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'targeted, programmed stimulation', 'High Tech Campus', 'spinal cord injury', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'current cash balance', 'strong cash position', 'THIS PRESS RELEASE', 'medical technology company', 'technology platforms', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'innovative therapies', 'other components', 'ARCEX platform', 'Many companies', 'critical components', 'Dave Marver', 'ARC Therapy', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'future accuracy', 'ARCIM platform', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'development programs', 'commercialization timing', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'operations', 'impact', 'scarcity', '2H', 'industries', 'downside', 'determination', 'continuity', 'order', 'mission', 'lives', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'globe', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'office', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', 'developments']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,businesswire.com
1138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsos-joins-forces-ciesmori-create-164700632.html,Ipsos joins forces with CIESMORI to create a leading market research company in Bolivia,Paris  March 21  2022 – Ipsos announced today that it has reached an agreement to join forces with the Bolivian expert in Market research and Public Opinion ...,IPSOSParis  March 21  2022 – Ipsos announced today that it has reached an agreement to join forces with the Bolivian expert in Market research and Public Opinion  CIESMORI. As part of the agreement  Ipsos will transfer its assets to CIESMORI  in which it will participate with a 20% minority share. Both entities will operate under a common company called Ipsos CIESMORI.Ipsos CIESMORI will achieve a leadership position in Bolivia by bringing together Ipsos’ worldwide leadership and expertise and CIESMORI’s authoritative position in Bolivia and strong client base. The company will focus on better serving clients with a stronger set of capabilities and an expanded portfolio of solutions.Ipsos has been providing research solutions in Bolivia since 2007 with the acquisition of Apoyo. CIESMORI was created in 2017 with the association of the most prominent market research and public opinion companies  CIES Internacional and Equipos MORI  who had both been operating in Bolivia for over 25 years.Jean-Christophe Salles  CEO of Ipsos in Latin America said: “Joining forces with CIESMORI is a great opportunity for our clients and our employees. With a unique set of solutions and robust research expertise  Ipsos CIESMORI will establish as an undisputable leader in the market”.Marcelo Mercado  CIESMORI President said: “By associating Ipsos’ world-class solutions and technology and CIESMORI’s extensive knowledge of the Bolivian market  we will become a key player in the research Industry”.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Story continues“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 indexes and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['leading market research company', 'Ipsos', 'forces', 'CIESMORI', 'Bolivia', 'strong client base', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'curious research professionals', 'prominent market research', 'largest market research', 'robust research expertise', 'public opinion companies', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'Ipsos’ worldwide leadership', 'Ipsos’ world-class solutions', 'research Industry', 'leadership position', 'unique set', 'polling companies', 'research solutions', 'Bolivian market', 'Bolivian expert', '20% minority share', 'authoritative position', 'stronger set', 'expanded portfolio', 'CIES Internacional', 'Equipos MORI', 'Jean-Christophe Salles', 'Latin America', 'great opportunity', 'undisputable leader', 'Marcelo Mercado', 'extensive knowledge', 'key player', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indexes', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'common company', 'CIESMORI President', 'Ipsos CIESMORI', 'CIESMORI.', 'agreement', 'forces', 'part', 'assets', 'entities', 'clients', 'acquisition', 'Apoyo', 'association', '25 years', 'CEO', 'employees', 'technology', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'Story', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-001051591.html,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of...,"By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Securities settlement house Euroclear', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'digital securities', 'Huw Jones', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Edmund Blair', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-program-regulated-information-164000684.html,Share buyback program – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – March 21  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – March 21  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchaseAgfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided that the 2021 Share Buyback will be extended through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of a decision of the Board of Directors  the Company  by notarial deed dated December 28  2021  cancelled a total of 2 288 302 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 160 506 706.On transaction date March 18  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 1 927 813 own shares  which represents 1.20% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) March 14  2022 41 400 3.2333 3.1950 3.3050 133 858.62 March 15  2022 42 400 3.2198 3.1900 3.2500 136 519.52 March 16  2022 43 600 3.3150 3.2300 3.3550 144 534.00 March 17  2022 42 178 3.4017 3.3700 3.4300 143 476.90 March 18  2022 52 000 3.3967 3.3700 3.4200 176 628.40 Total 221 578 3.3172 735 017.44Since the beginning of the share buyback program until March 18th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 9 172 297 own shares  representing 5.47% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesAbout AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.3,0.41,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', '2021 Share Buyback', 'total outstanding shares', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'new number', 'total number', 'The Group', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'Average price', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'Total price', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', '2,288,302 treasury shares', 'leading company', '1,760 million Euro', 'March 18th', 'Johan Jacobs', '50,000,000 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'April', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '1,927,813', '9,172,297', '32']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000792.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3273 £ 24.5704 Estimated MTD return -0.43 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.99 % -2.90 % Estimated ITD return 183.27 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.30 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.28 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6227 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.8178The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '833 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000548.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3273 £ 24.5704 Estimated MTD return -0.43 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.99 % -2.90 % Estimated ITD return 183.27 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.30 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.28 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6227 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.8178The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '833 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-technologies-announces-creation-special-113000397.html,DeFi Technologies Announces Creation of a Special Purpose Vehicle to Support Distribution of Digital Asset Backed Product Program to Institutional Investors,"DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional ...","DeFi Technologies wholly owned subsidiary  Valour  to utilize a special purpose vehicle ("" SPV "") to support distribution of digital asset backed product programThe SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe.TORONTO  March 21  2022 /CNW/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset Exchange Traded Products (""ETPs"")  has created a SPV to support distribution of an asset backed product program.DeFi Technologies Logo (CNW Group/DeFi Technologies  Inc.)The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  to additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe.""We have now entered into the agreements to start the process and work on our new issuance program. With this  Valour will be able to access institutional clients  several of the most important exchanges and also offer a broader product range all across Europe "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO of Valour. ""We are happy to have engaged with the right counter parties to support our mission to become the leading provider of digital assets through exchange traded products.""Valour offers fully hedged digital asset ETPs with low to zero management fees  with product listings across four European exchanges. Valour's existing product range includes Valour Uniswap ( UNI )  Cardano ( ADA )  Polkadot ( DOT )  Solana ( SOL )  Avalanche ( AVAX )  and Terra ( LUNA ) ETPs  as well as Valour's flagship Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products  the first fully hedged  passive investment product with Bitcoin ( BTC ) and Ethereum ( ETH ) as underlyings which are completely fee-free  with competitors still charging up to 2.5% in management fees.Story continuesLearn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comCautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the development of the SPV; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited to success of the SPV; the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASECisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-announces-creation-of-a-special-purpose-vehicle-to-support-distribution-of-digital-asset-backed-product-program-to-institutional-investors-301506467.htmlSOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.CisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/March2022/21/c8484.html",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.25,0.44,True,English,"['Digital Asset Backed Product Program', 'Special Purpose Vehicle', 'DeFi Technologies', 'Institutional Investors', 'Creation', 'Distribution', 'low to zero management fees', 'digital asset Exchange Traded Products', 'digital asset backed product program', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'digital asset backed products', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'new issuance program', 'digital asset ETPs', 'special purpose vehicle', 'traditional capital markets', 'right counter parties', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'existing product range', 'passive investment product', 'broader product range', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'four European exchanges', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'DeFi Technologies Logo', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'digital assets', 'product listings', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'new technologies', 'broader range', 'financial information', 'institutional clients', 'additional exchanges', 'important exchanges', 'Tommy Fransson', 'leading provider', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'investor interest', 'geographic expansion', 'additional listings', 'ETP offerings', 'regulatory environment', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such risks', 'investor demand', 'important f', 'Valour Inc.', 'looking information', 'technology company', 'CNW Group', 'company updates', 'institutional investors', 'actual results', 'cryptocurrency sector', 'defi.tech', 'The SPV', 'business opportunities', 'social uncertainties', 'Valour Uniswap', 'Valour ETPs', 'subsidiary', 'distribution', 'TORONTO', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'pioneer', 'agreements', 'process', 'CEO', 'mission', 'Cardano', 'ADA', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'Avalanche', 'AVAX', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'BTC', 'underlyings', 'competitors', 'Story', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'meaning', 'development', 'respect', 'growth', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'events', 'level', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'case', 'success', 'acceptance', 'NGM', 'Frankfurt', 'Euronext', 'rules', 'regulations', 'political']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vallourec-philippe-guillemot-replacing-edouard-070000436.html,Vallourec: Philippe Guillemot is replacing Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec to accelerate the Company’s transformation and growth trajectory,Philippe Guillemot is replacing Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec to accelerate the Company’s transformation and growth...,"VALLOURECPhilippe Guillemot is replacing Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec to accelerate the Company’s transformation and growth trajectoryMeudon (France)  March 21st  2022 – Further to the completion of an external selection process by a special committee of the Board of Directors  the Appointments and Governance Committee has decided to select Mr. Philippe Guillemot for the purpose of succeeding to Mr. Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec. Vallourec’s Board of Directors met on March 20th  2022 and appointed Philippe Guillemot for a four-year term  effective immediately.Philippe Guillemot was until recently Chief Executive Officer of Elior Group. Prior to this  he had been Chief Operating Officer at Alcatel-Lucent and Chief Executive Officer and Board Member at Europcar.Philippe Guillemot will be responsible for accelerating the execution of the Company’s comprehensive strategic plan to focus on “value over volume” and dramatically lower the break-even point of the company by a relentless focus on cost reduction  operational efficiency as well as new commercial practices to allow the company to pursue profitable growth. Once this process is completed by the end of 2023  Vallourec will have been transformed and will be better equipped to manage through a full business cycle evolution.The nomination of Philippe Guillemot as a Member of the Board of Directors will be put forward for approval during the upcoming Annual General Meeting of the shareholders.Information relating to the conditions of the termination of the functions of Edouard Guinotte and the proposed remuneration of Philippe Guillemot will be made public in accordance with applicable regulation and the recommendations of the corporate governance code AFEP-MEDEF.Pierre Vareille  Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors and Lead Independent Director said: “The Board has carried out this selection process in accordance with best practices in the governance field. Philippe Guillemot has all the qualities required to lead the Vallourec group in the execution of the Company’s transformation. We are extremely excited to have Philippe Guillemot join Vallourec. His extensive experience in leading numerous industrial companies and his strong ability to deliver value-creating strategic actions will be instrumental in executing on the next chapter in Vallourec’s distinguished history.”Story continuesHe added: “The Board of Directors warmly thanks Edouard Guinotte for his commitment and selfless dedication to Vallourec for more than two decades. Edouard Guinotte became Chairman of the Management Board in March 2020 and then Chairman and CEO as from July 1st  2021 during an extremely challenging period for the industry and the Company. Through this difficult period and then through a very successful and comprehensive balance sheet restructuring in June of 2021  he led the Company with the highest degree of professionalism  personal commitment and determination. All stakeholders owe him a debt of gratitude for his service and leadership of the Company. We wish him well and we have no doubt he will achieve continued success in his future endeavors.Philippe Guillemot  new Chairman and CEO of Vallourec  declared: ""I am honored and proud to serve as Chairman and CEO of Vallourec  an iconic global industrial company  which has a very distinguished engineering culture  to accelerate and extend its transformation and serve the renewed needs of our current and future customers in all our geographies. With the confidence of the Board of Directors and alongside the Vallourec management team  I will be committed to the acceleration of the Company’s transformation which will generate significant near-term improvements to profitability and cash flow. Meanwhile  I will increase Vallourec’s focus and commitments to energy transition opportunities and on identifying and executing on new profitable growth opportunities.”Philippe Guillemot biographyBetween 2017 and 2022  Philippe Guillemot was CEO at Elior Group  one of the world’s leading operators in contract catering and support services with strong positions in 5 countries. He carried out in-depth work to put the Group on a sound financial footing  to provide it with a value-creating strategy and to build a robust organization  which proved decisive in the face of the context made extremely difficult by the Covid crisis.From 2013 to 2016  he was Chief Operating Officer at Alcatel-Lucent  where he drew up a business recovery and transformation plan and subsequently oversaw Alcatel-Lucent’s integration into Nokia. Prior to this  he was CEO and a Board member of Europcar from 2010 through 2012; he served as Chairman and CEO of Areva Transmission and Distribution (T&D) from 2004 through 2010; he was a member of the Executive Committees at the automotive suppliers Faurecia (recently renamed Forvia  2001-2003) and Valeo (1998-2000); he held various positions at Michelin (1983-1989 and 1993-1998) and became member of the Executive Committee in 1996.Aged 62  he holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and is a graduate of the French engineering school  École des Mines de Nancy. He is also a knight of the French National Order of Merit.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 17 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.CalendarMay 18th 2022May 24th 2022 Release of first quarter 2022 resultsShareholders’ Annual MeetingFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsJérôme FribouletTel : +33 (0)1 49 09 39 77Investor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50h eloise .rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.61,0.23,0.16,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'Edouard Guinotte', 'growth trajectory', 'Vallourec', 'Chairman', 'Company', 'transformation', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'comprehensive balance sheet restructuring', 'full business cycle evolution', 'iconic global industrial company', 'new profitable growth opportunities', 'numerous industrial companies', 'energy transition opportunities', 'growth trajectory Meudon', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'comprehensive strategic plan', 'Lead Independent Director', 'significant near-term improvements', 'sound financial footing', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new commercial practices', 'value-creating strategic actions', 'corporate governance code', 'distinguished engineering culture', 'external selection process', 'Mr. Edouard Guinotte', 'Philippe Guillemot biography', 'Mr. Philippe Guillemot', 'Vallourec management team', 'business recovery', 'Executive Committees', 'best practices', 'value-creating strategy', 'Governance Committee', 'governance field', 'new Chairman', 'special committee', 'four-year term', 'break-even point', 'cost reduction', 'operational efficiency', 'applicable regulation', 'Pierre Vareille', 'extensive experience', 'strong ability', 'next chapter', 'selfless dedication', 'two decades', 'July 1st', 'challenging period', 'difficult period', 'highest degree', 'continued success', 'future endeavors', 'renewed needs', 'future customers', 'cash flow', 'contract catering', 'support services', 'strong positions', 'depth work', 'robust organization', 'Covid crisis', 'Areva Transmission', 'T&D', 'automotive suppliers', 'various positions', 'Management Board', 'Elior Group', 'transformation plan', 'March 20th', 'relentless focus', 'personal commitment', 'leading operators', 'Vallourec group', 'Board Member', 'France', 'completion', 'Directors', 'Appointments', 'purpose', 'Alcatel-Lucent', 'Europcar', 'execution', 'volume', 'nomination', 'approval', 'shareholders', 'Information', 'conditions', 'termination', 'functions', 'remuneration', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'AFEP-MEDEF', 'Vice-Chairman', 'qualities', 'history', 'CEO', 'industry', 'successful', 'June', 'professionalism', 'stakeholders', 'debt', 'gratitude', 'leadership', 'doubt', 'current', 'geographies', 'confidence', 'acceleration', 'profitability', 'commitments', 'world', '5 countries', 'face', 'context', 'integration', 'Nokia', 'Distribution', 'Faurecia', 'Forvia', 'Valeo', 'Michelin', '2023']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-file-2021-annual-report-174500982.html,Aegon to file its 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F,The Hague  March 21  2022 - Aegon will today file its 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The...,Aegon N.V.The Hague  March 21  2022 - Aegon will today file its 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F will be available on aegon.com and can be downloaded from the SEC website later today.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 70 344 8821 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.com janwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Story continuesFurther details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.07,0.25,0.68,True,English,"['2021 Annual Report', 'Aegon', 'Form', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'one global asset manager', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'insurer financial strength ratings', 'leading global investor', 'public sector securities', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'recognized rating organizations', 'Solvency II requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'EUR/GBP exchange rates', 'interest rate levels', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'United States Securities', 'other “ESG” targets', 'capital markets funding', 'The 2021 Annual Report', 'Aegon N.V.', 'environmental, climate, diversity', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial prospects', 'financial condition', 'Increasing levels', 'climate change', 'social targets', 'emerging markets', 'credit markets', 'The Hague', 'debt ratings', 'other events', 'other instability', 'other jurisdictions', 'United Kingdom', 'Form 20-F', 'retirement solutions', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'general economic', 'Civil unrest', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'government exposure', 'adverse impact', 'insurance subsidiaries', 'policy retention', 'European Union', 'critical environmental', 'other regulations', 'economic conditions', 'governmental conditions', 'resulting decline', 'Forward-looking statements', 'SEC website', 'strategic focus', 'More information', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'future performance', 'military action', 'liquidity sources', 'aegon.com', 'capital Aegon', 'company expectations', 'March', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'Contacts', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'addition', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'counterparties', 'Lowering', 'premium', 'profitability', 'EUR/USD', 'availability', 'costs', 'borrower', 'competition']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-941116,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -   Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear’s involvement would expand the consortium’s footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system’s basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.“This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business ” Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality’s founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'three-year old consortium', 'distributed ledger technology', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'tokenised assets', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', '0.9062 euros', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,fxempire.com
1147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/farming/news/farming-news/south-europe-fears-livestock-culls-as-ukraine-conflict-prompts-feed-shortage-41469683.html,South Europe fears livestock culls as Ukraine conflict prompts feed shortage,Carlo Vittorio Ferrari  who runs a farm holding 2 000 pigs with his brother near the town of Cremona in northern Italy  fears his fourth generation family business could be lost due to conflict in Ukraine.,"Cows stick their heads out of a pen to eat feed at the Cirio Agricola farm  as the conflict in Ukraine is having big repercussions on the agricultural raw materials market  hitting Italy's livestock sector heavily dependent on imports from foreign countries  in Piana di Monte Verna  Italy  March 16  2022. REUTERS/Guglielmo MangiapaneCarlo Vittorio Ferrari  who runs a farm holding 2 000 pigs with his brother near the town of Cremona in northern Italy  fears his fourth generation family business could be lost due to conflict in Ukraine.The country is a major global supplier of animal feed  stocks of which are falling fast across import-reliant southern Europe.With Hungary  Serbia and Moldova also banning exports as they safeguard their own supplies  costs for farms like Ferrari's have spiked  threatening their future. Many face culling animals if the situation doesn't improve quickly.""This is a family business. My grandfather kept it going during two wars  my dad saw one  but I don't know if we'll get through this one "" Ferrari said.Italy has called for EU rules limiting state aid to the sector to be waived  while Spain has taken steps to allow emergency purchases of corn from Argentina and Brazil.""I hear growing reports of farmers slaughtering their animals  but I want to avoid that "" said Elisabetta Quaini  who keeps 1 300 cows for beef and milk production on her farm in Lombardy  northern Italy. ""I'm determined to keep going  but I am very worried.""""It's not just corn  it's also soya and numerous by-products that are hard to find. There is a tremendous fight to get hold of what is available.""Michele Liverini  vice-president of livestock feed producer Mangimi Liverini S.p.A.  said if dairy cows were slaughtered it would take seven to eight years to build up a barn to produce milk again.Ukraine is among the world's top four corn exporters  and the closure of its ports due to the conflict has had a major impact on shipments.""The problem is that we now have a perfect storm. When the Ukrainian exports stopped  countries like Moldova  Serbia and Hungary tried to stop exporting as a protectionist step and we found ourselves with a big problem in our ports "" Liverini said.""In Italian ports  where ships from these countries arrive every week  there is only a 25-day supply left.""LARGE HERDSSpain has the largest livestock herd in the European Union with about 58.8 million head  according the EU data for 2021 covering pigs  cows  sheep and goats. Italy has the fourth largest with about 22.5 million head.The two countries produce a wide array of internationally renowned farm products  including Mozzarella di Bufala and Prosciutto di Parma in Italy and Jamon Iberico in Spain.Pietro Fusco  chief executive of Cirio Agricola  a milk producer with two farms based near Benevento  southern Italy  said the sector was already stressed after struggling for two years through the COVID-19 pandemic.He said they were considering giving the herd less feed as a first step  but may eventually be forced to slaughter some of the animals to keep the farm going and protect jobs and families.""There is also a problem with transport and therefore the impossibility of having supplies on time "" he said.Maize  or corn  futures on Paris-based Euronext rose to a record 420 euros a tonne earlier this month  up about 50% since Russia's invasion of Ukraine.Feed stocks have also become depleted in Spain  a major customer of Ukraine.Agustin de Prada  manager of Spain's ranchers association Asoprovac in Castile and Leon  said the rise in costs had been brutal and raised questions about the viability of farms.""When I sell the animals  will I put new ones in? Well  maybe not  because I can't  the maths doesn't work out.""Producers argue that for them to survive  consumers must pay higher prices for products like meat  milk and eggs  further fuelling food inflation  which has become a major problem across the globe since the COVID-19 pandemic began.Emilio Rial  director of the Coren group  a huge farmers' cooperative in Spain  said the cost of basic food production had jumped 40%.""We will try not to pass it all on to the consumer by negotiating with the big supermarkets  but prices will inevitably rise "" he said. (Additional reporting by Emma Pinedo and Belen Carreno in Madrid; Writing by Nigel Hunt; Editing by Veronica Brown and Jan Harvey)",negative,0.04,0.25,0.72,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['South Europe', 'livestock culls', 'Ukraine conflict', 'feed shortage', 'Mangimi Liverini S.p.A.', 'agricultural raw materials market', 'seven to eight years', 'fourth generation family business', 'top four corn exporters', 'Agustin de Prada', 'import-reliant southern Europe', 'major global supplier', ""huge farmers' cooperative"", 'basic food production', 'Carlo Vittorio Ferrari', 'largest livestock herd', 'livestock feed producer', 'Cirio Agricola farm', 'two years', 'Michele Liverini', 'food inflation', 'major impact', 'major customer', 'big repercussions', 'livestock sector', 'Piana di', 'Monte Verna', 'Guglielmo Mangiapane', 'animal feed', 'two wars', 'EU rules', 'state aid', 'emergency purchases', 'growing reports', 'Elisabetta Quaini', 'milk production', 'numerous by', 'tremendous fight', 'perfect storm', 'protectionist step', '25-day supply', 'LARGE HERDS', 'European Union', '58.8 million head', 'EU data', '22.5 million head', 'wide array', 'Mozzarella di', 'Prosciutto di', 'Jamon Iberico', 'Pietro Fusco', 'chief executive', 'milk producer', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'less feed', 'first step', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'record 420 euros', 'ranchers association', 'Emilio Rial', 'Coren group', 'big supermarkets', 'Additional reporting', 'Emma Pinedo', 'Belen Carreno', 'Nigel Hunt', 'Veronica Brown', 'Jan Harvey', 'southern Italy', 'major problem', 'foreign countries', 'Ukrainian exports', 'big problem', 'two countries', 'Feed stocks', 'higher prices', 'northern Italy', 'Italian ports', 'two farms', 'dairy cows', 'farm products', '1,300 cows', 'heads', 'pen', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'imports', 'REUTERS', '2,000 pigs', 'brother', 'town', 'Cremona', 'country', 'Hungary', 'Serbia', 'Moldova', 'supplies', 'costs', 'future', 'Many', 'culling', 'animals', 'situation', 'grandfather', 'dad', 'Spain', 'steps', 'Argentina', 'Brazil', 'beef', 'Lombardy', 'soya', 'hold', 'vice-president', 'barn', 'world', 'closure', 'shipments', 'ships', 'sheep', 'goats', 'internationally', 'Bufala', 'Parma', 'Benevento', 'jobs', 'families', 'transport', 'impossibility', 'time', 'Maize', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'manager', 'Asoprovac', 'Castile', 'Leon', 'rise', 'questions', 'viability', 'new', 'maths', 'Producers', 'consumers', 'meat', 'eggs', 'globe', 'director', 'Madrid', 'Writing', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,independent.ie
1148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-announces-creation-of-a-special-purpose-vehicle-to-support-distribution-of-digital-asset-backed-product-program-to-institutional-investors-301506467.html,DeFi Technologies Announces Creation of a Special Purpose Vehicle to Support Distribution of Digital Asset Backed Product Program to Institutional Investors,"DeFi Technologies wholly owned subsidiary  Valour  to utilize a special purpose vehicle (""SPV"") to support distribution of digital asset backed product program The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  ad…","DeFi Technologies wholly owned subsidiary  Valour  to utilize a special purpose vehicle ("" SPV "") to support distribution of digital asset backed product program"") to support distribution of digital asset backed product program The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe .TORONTO  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset Exchange Traded Products (""ETPs"")  has created a SPV to support distribution of an asset backed product program.The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  to additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe.""We have now entered into the agreements to start the process and work on our new issuance program. With this  Valour will be able to access institutional clients  several of the most important exchanges and also offer a broader product range all across Europe "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO of Valour. ""We are happy to have engaged with the right counter parties to support our mission to become the leading provider of digital assets through exchange traded products.""Valour offers fully hedged digital asset ETPs with low to zero management fees  with product listings across four European exchanges. Valour's existing product range includes Valour Uniswap ( UNI )  Cardano ( ADA )  Polkadot ( DOT )  Solana ( SOL )  Avalanche ( AVAX )  and Terra ( LUNA ) ETPs  as well as Valour's flagship Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products  the first fully hedged  passive investment product with Bitcoin ( BTC ) and Ethereum ( ETH ) as underlyings which are completely fee-free  with competitors still charging up to 2.5% in management fees.Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comCautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the development of the SPV; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited to success of the SPV; the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASESOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.22,0.53,True,English,"['Digital Asset Backed Product Program', 'Special Purpose Vehicle', 'DeFi Technologies', 'Institutional Investors', 'Creation', 'Distribution', 'digital asset Exchange Traded Products', 'low to zero management fees', 'digital asset backed product program', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'digital asset backed products', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'new issuance program', 'digital asset ETPs', 'existing product range', 'special purpose vehicle', 'traditional capital markets', 'right counter parties', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'passive investment product', 'broader product range', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'four European exchanges', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'digital assets', 'product listings', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'new technologies', 'broader range', 'financial information', 'institutional clients', 'additional exchanges', 'important exchanges', 'Tommy Fransson', 'leading provider', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'investor interest', 'geographic expansion', 'additional listings', 'ETP offerings', 'regulatory environment', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such risks', 'investor demand', 'important fac', 'Valour Inc.', 'looking information', 'technology company', 'company updates', 'institutional investors', 'actual results', 'cryptocurrency sector', 'defi.tech', 'The SPV', 'business opportunities', 'social uncertainties', 'Valour Uniswap', 'Valour ETPs', 'subsidiary', 'distribution', 'TORONTO', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'pioneer', 'agreements', 'process', 'CEO', 'mission', 'Cardano', 'ADA', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'Avalanche', 'AVAX', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'BTC', 'underlyings', 'competitors', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'meaning', 'development', 'respect', 'growth', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'events', 'level', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'case', 'success', 'acceptance', 'NGM', 'Frankfurt', 'Euronext', 'rules', 'regulations', 'political']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,prnewswire.com
1149,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/cvc-euronext-exchange-285454/,CVC Capital plans to list on Euronext exchange rather than London,22 hours ago,Europe’s biggest private equity firm CVC Capital Partners is planning to shun London and take its multi-billion-euro initial public offering (IPO) to the Netherlands  the Financial Times reported on Saturday.The buyout firm has told potential investors it is aiming to list on Amsterdam’s Euronext exchange and is targeting 25 billion euros for its next private equity fund  the newspaper said  citing four people familiar with the matter.No final decisions have been made about the listing or its timing  and it will depend on developments in the war in Ukraine and their consequences for markets  the report said.A CVC spokesperson declined to comment on the matter when contacted by Reuters.The private equity firm is looking to go public in the second half of the year with Goldman Sachs  JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley working on the plan.CVC Co-Chairman Steve Koltes is set to step down this year  remaining on its board in a non-executive capacity.Reuters,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,negative,0.02,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['CVC Capital', 'Euronext exchange', 'London', 'multi-billion-euro initial public offering', 'CVC Co-Chairman Steve Koltes', 'next private equity fund', 'biggest private equity firm', 'CVC Capital Partners', 'A CVC spokesperson', 'buyout firm', 'Financial Times', 'potential investors', 'Euronext exchange', '25 billion euros', 'four people', 'final decisions', 'second half', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Morgan Stanley', 'executive capacity', 'Europe', 'London', 'IPO', 'Netherlands', 'Saturday', 'Amsterdam', 'newspaper', 'matter', 'listing', 'timing', 'developments', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'markets', 'report', 'Reuters', 'year', 'JPMorgan', 'plan', 'board']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,dealstreetasia.com
1150,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/news/businesswire/onward-confirms-cash-runway-through-end-of-2024/,ONWARD Confirms Cash Runway through End of 2024 ...,4 hours ago,Strong cash position offsets impact of industry-wide supply chain challengesEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland–(BUSINESS WIRE)–THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014).ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces its current cash balance is expected to fuel operations through the end of 2024. The company’s strong cash position will mitigate the impact of industry-wide supply chain challenges that may affect certain development programs.Global microprocessor shortages and the scarcity of other components are expected to impact development and commercialization timing for both of the company’s technology platforms. Assuming normal regulatory authorization windows  the company now expects its ARCEX platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2023. It expects its ARCIM platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2025.“Many companies and industries have been affected by supply chain challenges. To limit our downside  we have worked with determination to source critical components and assure continuity of supply in order to fulfill our mission to help people with spinal cord injury live better lives ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We have a strong balance sheet  with cash to propel operations through the end of 2024  and we will look for opportunities to further strengthen our cash position as equity capital markets improve in the US and across the globe.”To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed stimulation of the spinal cord to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.ContactsFor Media Enquiries:Simon Gentry+44 (0)20 3757 6772media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comFor Company Enquiries:ONWARD – info@onwd.com,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.04,0.22,0.74,True,English,"['Cash Runway', 'ONWARD', 'End', '2024', 'industry-wide supply chain challenges EINDHOVEN', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'normal regulatory authorization windows', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Global microprocessor shortages', 'strong balance sheet', 'equity capital markets', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'targeted, programmed stimulation', 'High Tech Campus', 'spinal cord injury', 'Strong cash position', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'current cash balance', 'THIS PRESS RELEASE', 'medical technology company', 'technology platforms', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'innovative therapies', 'other components', 'ARCEX platform', 'Many companies', 'critical components', 'Dave Marver', 'ARC Therapy', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'Media Enquiries', 'Simon Gentry', 'Investor Enquiries', 'forward-looking statements', 'future accuracy', 'ARCIM platform', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'Company Enquiries', 'actual events', 'development programs', 'commercialization timing', 'future events', 'impact', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'operations', 'scarcity', '2H', 'industries', 'downside', 'determination', 'continuity', 'order', 'mission', 'lives', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'globe', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'office', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', 'developments', 'Contacts', '44']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,dutchnews.nl
1151,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220321005712/en/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-the-Implementation-of-a-Liquidity-Contract-with-Kepler-Cheuvreux,MaaT Pharma Announces the Implementation of a Liquidity Contract with Kepler Cheuvreux,5 hours ago,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT - the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today the implementation of a liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux to enhance the liquidity of the MaaT Pharma shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.The implementation of this liquidity agreement  pursuant to the authorization granted by the resolution of the General Meeting  will be carried out in accordance with the legal framework in force  and more particularly to the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16  2014 on market abuse (MAR)  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/908 of February 26  2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regulatory technical standards on the criteria  procedure and requirements for the establishment of an admitted market practice and the requirements for maintaining  discontinuing or modifying its conditions of admission  Articles L. 225-209 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and AMF decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  applicable as of July 1  2021.The following resources will be allocated to the liquidity account:- 200 000 eurosThe execution of the liquidity contract could be suspended under the conditions set out in Article 5 of AMF Decision 2021-01 of 22 June 2021.The liquidity contract will be implemented as of March 22  2022  and may be terminated:- at any time by MaaT Pharma without notice- at any time by Kepler Cheuvreux  subject to thirty (30) calendar days' notice- without notice and without formality if the shares are transferred to another stock marketAbout MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and Graft-versus-Host Disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has already achieved proof of concept in a Phase 2 clinical trial in acute GvHD. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Liquidity Contract', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Implementation', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', ""thirty (30) calendar days' notice"", 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'French Commercial Code', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'regulatory technical standards', 'novel disease targets', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'MaaT Pharma shares', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome therapies', 'Regulatory News', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'survival outcomes', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'General Meeting', 'legal framework', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'market practice', 'Articles L.', 'AMF decision', 'following resources', 'stock market', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'liquidity agreement', 'liquidity account', 'liquidity contract', 'Euronext Paris', 'acute GvHD', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'development', 'patients', 'cancer', 'implementation', 'authorization', 'resolution', 'accordance', 'force', 'provisions', 'No.', 'Council', 'April', 'February', 'criteria', 'procedure', 'requirements', 'establishment', 'admitted', 'admission', 'June', 'July', '200,000 euros', 'execution', 'March', 'time', 'formality', 'oncology', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'ticker']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,businesswire.com
1152,EuroNext,Google API,https://quoteddata.com/2022/03/greencoat-renewables-money-fund-attractive-nearterm-opportunities/,Greencoat Renewables looking for more money to fund attractive near-term opportunities,13 hours ago,Greencoat Renewables looking for more money to fund attractive near-term opportunities – Greencoat Renewables (GRP) has announced a proposed placing by way of a non-pre-emptive issue at a Placing Price of €1.12  under its existing 400 million share issuance programme launched on 4 October 2021.The placing price represents a discount of 6.7% to the closing price per ordinary share of €1.20 on Euronext Dublin on 18 March 2022 and represents a premium of 6.6% to the last reported NAV of 105.1 cent per ordinary share as at 31 December 2021.GRP has multiple attractive near-term investment opportunities under consideration in Ireland and continental European markets  with c.380MW currently under exclusivity across a mix of operating and forward sale opportunities located in Sweden  France  Spain  and a new Northern Europe market.Proceeds from the placing will provide GRP with the flexibility to execute on assets under exclusivity and meet obligations under committed forward sale investments  all while maintaining gearing (currently 43%) within the trust’s target range of 40-60%.Ronan Murphy  Non-Executive Chairman of Greencoat Renewables  said: “We are pleased to announce a second equity issuance under our existing Share Issuance Programme launched in October 2021  reflecting the strength of our pipeline and continued confidence in our ability to deliver value-accretive growth for shareholders.“The growth and strategic diversification we have achieved in the business reflects our market-leading position in the Irish market and our strong relationships and expanding footprint across continental Europe. Since the launch of the current Share Issuance Programme  we have acquired our first asset in Sweden and agreed our first forward-sale transaction in Spain.”Irish and European Market BackgroundIreland remains an attractive location for investment in wind assets  with a reliable wind resource and robust regulatory regime  underpinned by REFIT 2 and its replacement  RESS  which held its first auction in 2020. The estimated renewable capacity for onshore wind in Ireland is expected to increase from 4.5GW in 2020 to 8.2GW in 2030.The company has invested around €360m in Irish assets during 2021 and early 2022  increasing its Irish portfolio size by 33% (including forward sales) since 31 December 2020. Greencoat Renewables is the largest asset owner  with 16% market share  of Irish operating wind assets.GRP continues to see strong investment opportunities across continental Europe through strong relationships with asset owners  developers and advisors with a target market of c.250GW across the Relevant Countries. The company has continued its geographic diversification  having now entered five European countries  demonstrating the Company’s ability to scale into Europe.The company executed transactions in Sweden  Finland and Spain in 2021 with the acquisition of Erstark South in Sweden in Q4 2021 and two forward sale commitments to acquire Kokkoneva in Finland (completion expected in Q2 2022) and Torrubia in Spain (completion expected in Q4 2022).Power Prices and NAVGRP has seen wind generation broadly on budget for the Q1 period to date. In addition  the company has continued to see captured power prices in Ireland above the current REFIT pricing. GRP expects the impact of these higher captured power prices so far in Q1 2022 could contribute  as a standalone assumption  to a Q1 2022 NAV increase of 2c to 3c. However  captured power prices remains one of several assumptions  including forward power prices and inflation expectations  that feed into the Q1 2022 NAV.As a result  the final outcome on the Q1 2022 NAV would be dependent on a range of those other assumptions  that will be updated when the Q1 2022 NAV will be released to market on 29 April 2022.Use of proceedsProceeds from the placing are expected to be used to partly pay down the Revolving Credit Facility  which is currently drawn by €75.7m  provide the company with the flexibility to execute on assets under exclusivity and to meet its obligations under committed forward sale investments  all while maintaining gearing (currently 43%) within the company’s target range of 40-60%.Details of the placingThe placing is being conducted  subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions through a non-pre-emptive institutional placing.The company will apply to Euronext Dublin and to the London Stock Exchange for the shares to be admitted to trading on Euronext Growth and AIM respectively. It is expected that settlement will occur  admission will become effective and that dealings will commence at 8am on 5 April 2022.GRP : Greencoat Renewables looking for more money to fund attractive near-term opportunitiesprevious story | next story,positive,0.65,0.32,0.03,neutral,0.06,0.88,0.06,True,English,"['attractive near-term opportunities', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'money', 'existing 400 million share issuance programme', 'multiple attractive near-term investment opportunities', 'existing Share Issuance Programme', 'current Share Issuance Programme', 'two forward sale commitments', 'new Northern Europe market', 'attractive near-term opportunities', 'second equity issuance', 'forward sale opportunities', 'Irish operating wind assets', 'forward sale investments', 'robust regulatory regime', 'Revolving Credit Facility', 'London Stock Exchange', 'strong investment opportunities', 'reliable wind resource', 'five European countries', 'current REFIT pricing', 'Irish portfolio size', 'continental European markets', 'first forward-sale transaction', 'European Market Background', 'largest asset owner', 'forward power prices', 'emptive institutional placing', 'Q1 2022 NAV increase', '16% market share', 'attractive location', 'ordinary share', 'forward sales', 'Irish market', 'first asset', 'onshore wind', 'wind generation', 'emptive issue', 'Relevant Countries', 'Irish assets', 'strong relationships', 'first auction', 'asset owners', 'target market', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'closing price', 'Euronext Dublin', 'c.380MW', 'Ronan Murphy', 'Non-Executive Chairman', 'strategic diversification', 'market-leading position', 'renewable capacity', 'geographic diversification', 'Erstark South', 'Q1 period', 'standalone assumption', 'several assumptions', 'inflation expectations', 'final outcome', 'other assumptions', 'previous story', 'next story', 'target range', 'value-accretive growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'Placing Price', 'money', 'GRP', 'way', '4 October', 'discount', '18 March', 'premium', 'last', '105.1 cent', '31 December', 'consideration', 'Ireland', 'exclusivity', 'mix', 'Sweden', 'France', 'Spain', 'Proceeds', 'flexibility', 'obligations', 'trust', 'strength', 'pipeline', 'confidence', 'ability', 'shareholders', 'business', 'expanding', 'footprint', 'launch', 'replacement', 'RESS', '4.5GW', '2GW', 'company', 'early', 'developers', 'advisors', '250GW', 'transactions', 'Finland', 'acquisition', 'Q4', 'Kokkoneva', 'completion', 'Q2', 'Torrubia', 'budget', 'date', 'addition', 'impact', 'higher', '2c', '3c', 'result', '29 April', 'Use', 'Details', 'satisfaction', 'conditions', 'shares', 'AIM', 'settlement', 'admission', 'dealings', '8am', '5 April', '2021']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,quoteddata.com
1153,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/91970/belgiums-newb-issues-dual-badged-mobile-controlled-visa-debit-bancontact-cards,Belgium's NewB issues dual-badged mobile-controlled Visa Debit-Bancontact cards,5 hours ago,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payments services  has entered a partnership with Mainsys Financial Software  a Belgian IT company that offers comprehensive banking solutions.The joint solution has been recently rolled out for the first time to manage co-badged Visa Debit-Bancontact cardsWorldline recently presented its new strategic plan  detailing its ambition of becoming the premium global Paytech company at the heart of the European payment ecosystem. This partnership with Mainsys fits perfectly with Worldline’s new strategy plan.The innovative co-badged Visa Debit-Bancontact card is live thanks to the Mainsys and Worldline partnership solution for a few months at the Belgium cooperative bank NewB. The card benefits from a large acceptance due to the combination of Bancontact and Visa networks. This advantageous combination makes it possible to pay for purchases in Belgium and abroad  online or in-store  with or without contact  with a single card  while taking advantage of the added value of applications  such as P2P payments.Transactions are debited immediately from the account and can be viewed in real time via Mainsys’ web and mobile banking apps. The immediate updating of the data gives the bank’s customers total control over their expenses.The card can be entirely managed by the customers on the Internet or on mobile  from the card order with the choice of the secret code (PIN)  to the management of limits and options (purchase on the Internet  authorized geographical areas  etc.).The aim of this partnership is to support neo-banks  fintechs and other new small banking players in order to rapidly launch a turnkey end-to-end account & payment card solution on the market. The solution combines the WL 1-Click Card Issuing Processing offering of Worldline and Mainsys’ Core Banking (F2B) and e-Banking (FRONTeO) solutions. With this joint solution neo-banks and fintechs can easily reach clients that need to have an easy digital banking solution and card payment instrument integrated for their customers.Christophe Lhelguen  Head of Issuing at Worldline Financial Services  said: “This partnership with Mainsys is a perfect illustration of our ambition to go further into the value chain and provide our customers turnkey innovative solutions. In addition  it enables companies to become a fully digital bank in a few months offering a variety of banking services as well as a wide range of value-added services.”Alexandre Degrijse  CEO of Mainsys Financial Software  said: “Banks want to offer a card accepted everywhere  in their local market and worldwide  fully controlled by the customer  therefore with immediate debit and full on-line management. By combining Worldline’s services with our expertise  we have been able to develop simple  performant and robust solutions  meeting the demand of both new payment players and banks who wish to be innovative in their card offering.”,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['dual-badged mobile-controlled Visa Debit-Bancontact cards', 'Belgium', 'NewB', 'WL 1-Click Card Issuing Processing offering', 'other new small banking players', 'premium global Paytech company', 'badged Visa Debit-Bancontact card', 'easy digital banking solution', 'new payment players', 'Belgian IT company', 'Visa Debit-Bancontact cards', 'new strategic plan', 'new strategy plan', 'European payment ecosystem', 'comprehensive banking solutions', 'card payment instrument', 'mobile banking apps', 'Mainsys’ Core Banking', 'Mainsys Financial Software', 'payment card solution', 'Belgium cooperative bank', 'Worldline Financial Services', 'turnkey innovative solutions', 'card offering', 'Worldline partnership solution', 'banking services', 'global leader', 'Visa networks', 'joint solution', 'single card', 'FRONTeO) solutions', 'robust solutions', 'payments services', 'first time', 'large acceptance', 'added value', 'P2P payments', 'real time', 'Mainsys’ web', 'immediate updating', 'total control', 'card order', 'secret code', 'geographical areas', 'Christophe Lhelguen', 'perfect illustration', 'value chain', 'wide range', 'value-added services', 'Alexandre Degrijse', 'immediate debit', 'simple, performant', 'advantageous combination', 'end account', 'local market', 'line management', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'ambition', 'heart', 'months', 'NewB.', 'purchases', 'store', 'applications', 'Transactions', 'data', 'customers', 'expenses', 'Internet', 'choice', 'PIN', 'limits', 'options', 'aim', 'neo-banks', 'fintechs', 'F2B', 'clients', 'Head', 'addition', 'companies', 'variety', 'CEO', 'expertise', 'demand']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finextra.com
1154,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INSR-INSURANCE-GROUP-ASA-16180757/news/OSLO-BORS-STATUS-COMPANIES-PLACED-IN-RECOVERY-BOX-AND-PENALTY-BENCH-39813357/,OSLO BØRS - STATUS COMPANIES PLACED IN RECOVERY BOX AND PENALTY BENCH,14 hours ago,Currently the following companies are placed in Recovery Box: Insr Insurance Group ASA (INSR) (since 29.06.2020) Seadrill Ltd (SDRL) (since 05.11.2020) Recovery Box is a special compartment where Oslo Børs can place securities where the Issuer is subject to circumstances that make pricing of the securities particularly uncertain. Recovery Box is regulated in section 2.10.2 of Oslo Rule Book II (Oslo Børs and Euronext Expand) and section 3.8.2 of Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book Part II. The relevant security will remain in the Recovery Box until the circumstances for the allocation to the Recovery Box are no longer present. Currently the following companies are placed in Penalty Bench: DOF ASA (DOF) (since 15.03.2021) Netoil Capital Ltd. (NOC) (since 23.07.2021) Insr Insurance Group ASA (INSR) (since 30.08.2021) Penalty Bench is a special compartment where the securities of Issuers that fail to comply with the Rules are placed. Penalty Bench is regulated in section 2.10.3 of Oslo Rule Book II (Oslo Børs and Euronext Expand) and section 3.8.3 of Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book Part II. Oslo Børs will remove a security from the Penalty Bench and allocate the security to the normal compartment when the issuer has corrected the violation of the Rules that was the reason for allocating the security to the Penalty Bench.Click here for more information,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['OSLO BØRS', 'STATUS COMPANIES PLACED', 'RECOVERY BOX', 'PENALTY BENCH', 'Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book Part', 'Insr Insurance Group ASA', 'Oslo Børs', 'Netoil Capital Ltd.', 'DOF ASA', 'Seadrill Ltd', 'following companies', 'Recovery Box', 'special compartment', 'Penalty Bench', 'normal compartment', 'relevant security', 'SDRL', 'securities', 'Issuer', 'circumstances', 'pricing', 'section', 'allocation', 'NOC', 'Rules', 'violation', 'reason', 'information', '05.', '30.08']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,marketscreener.com
1155,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/article/crypto-currency-euroclear-idUSKCN2LI009,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,21 hours ago,LONDON (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.FILE PHOTO: Night shot of illuminated city business district in Brussels  Belgium August 13  2017. REUTERS/Eric VidalBelgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear’s involvement would expand the consortium’s footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system’s basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.“This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business ” Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality’s founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'illuminated city business district', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Securities settlement house Euroclear', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'digital securities', 'tokenised assets', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'FILE PHOTO', 'Night shot', 'Eric Vidal', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', '0.9062 euros', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'Brussels', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,reuters.com
1156,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.cityam.com/cvc-mulling-amsterdam-listing-as-londons-hopes-for-rare-private-equity-ipo-dashed/,CVC mulling Amsterdam listing as London’s hopes for rare private equity IPO dashed,2 days ago,CVC mulling Amsterdam listing as London’s hopes for rare private equity IPO dashedPrivate equity veteran CVC Capital Partners is eyeing a listing on Amsterdam’s Euronext  in a blow for the City  it has been reported.According to the Financial Times newspaper  CVC informed investors of its intentions  although no final decisions have been made just yet.London has been hopeful of a rare private equity listing but sources told the newspaper the City could be disappointed when it comes to the Six Nations stakeholder.Just three private equity firms have gone public in the UK  with Bridgepoint’s blockbuster IPO last summer the first major listing in almost three decades.CVC declined to comment on the reports and a claim that it has been separately targeting $28bn for its next flagship fund.Insider sources were cited as claiming that the private equity firm had recruited Goldman Sacha  JP Morgan  and Morgan Stanely to work on its IPO.The Times reported last year that a potential float that could value CVC at up to £11bn.,negative,0.02,0.11,0.87,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['rare private equity IPO', 'Amsterdam listing', 'CVC', 'London', 'hopes', 'three private equity firms', 'rare private equity listing', 'rare private equity IPO', 'Private equity veteran', 'Six Nations stakeholder', 'next flagship fund', 'first major listing', 'Financial Times newspaper', 'CVC Capital Partners', 'three decades', 'The Times', 'blockbuster IPO', 'Amsterdam listing', 'final decisions', 'Goldman Sacha', 'JP Morgan', 'Morgan Stanely', 'potential float', 'Insider sources', 'London', 'hopes', 'Euronext', 'blow', 'City', 'investors', 'intentions', 'UK', 'Bridgepoint', 'reports', 'claim']",2022-03-19,2022-03-21,cityam.com
1157,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-195800536.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche of the common share buyback program announced on March 3  2022 (“Sixth Tranche”) ,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  March 21  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche of the common share buyback program announced on March 3  2022 (“Sixth Tranche”)  additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)15/03/2022 EXM 16 562 175.3414 2 904 005.00 16/03/2022 EXM 1 777 183.4044 325 909.70 17/03/2022 EXM 6 543 186.7698 1 222 035.10 18/03/2022 EXM 6 454 185.8355 1 199 382.35Total- 31 336 180.3463 5 651 332.15(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of the Sixth Tranche of the buyback program dated March 3  2022 till March 18  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 18 554 255.80 for No. 104 449 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 9 413 362.26 (Euro 8 607 940.43*) for No. 49 800 common shares purchased on the NYSE.Under the Company’s equity incentive plans  on March 16  2022 the Company assigned  inter alia  to certain employees of Ferrari Group No. 122 125 common shares held in treasury. On the same day Ferrari purchased in a “cross order” transaction executed on the EXM No. 56 517 common shares from a group of those employees in order to cover their individual's taxable income as is standard practice (Sell to Cover) at the average price of Euro 183.3946 per share.As of March 18  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 10 582 454 common shares equal to 4.12% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since January 1  2019 until March 18  2022  the Company has purchased a total of 5 462 736 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  excluding transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 830 582 762.77.Story continuesA comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( http://corporate.ferrari.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-corner/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'common share buyback program', 'EXM No. 56,517 common shares', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plans', 'Buyback Programs section', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 104,449 common shares', 'No. 49,800 common shares', 'cross order” transaction', 'Ferrari Group No.', '125 common shares', '10,582,454 common shares', 'Stock Exchange', 'treasury No.', 'sixth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'same day', 'taxable income', 'standard practice', 'share capital', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'March', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'employees', 'individual', 'January', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Story', 'details', 'investors', 'shareholder-corner', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '5,462,736']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,uk.finance.yahoo.com
1158,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/maat-pharma-announces-implementation-liquidity-170000948.html,MaaT Pharma Announces the Implementation of a Liquidity Contract with Kepler Cheuvreux,"MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT - the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ","LYON  France  March 21  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT - the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today the implementation of a liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux to enhance the liquidity of the MaaT Pharma shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.The implementation of this liquidity agreement  pursuant to the authorization granted by the resolution of the General Meeting  will be carried out in accordance with the legal framework in force  and more particularly to the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16  2014 on market abuse (MAR)  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/908 of February 26  2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regulatory technical standards on the criteria  procedure and requirements for the establishment of an admitted market practice and the requirements for maintaining  discontinuing or modifying its conditions of admission  Articles L. 225-209 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and AMF decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  applicable as of July 1  2021.The following resources will be allocated to the liquidity account:- 200 000 eurosThe execution of the liquidity contract could be suspended under the conditions set out in Article 5 of AMF Decision 2021-01 of 22 June 2021.The liquidity contract will be implemented as of March 22  2022  and may be terminated:- at any time by MaaT Pharma without notice- at any time by Kepler Cheuvreux  subject to thirty (30) calendar days' notice- without notice and without formality if the shares are transferred to another stock marketAbout MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and Graft-versus-Host Disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has already achieved proof of concept in a Phase 2 clinical trial in acute GvHD. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.Story continuesThe company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220321005712/en/ContactsContactsMaaT Pharma – Investor relationsHervé AFFAGARDCo-Founder and CEOSiân Crouzet  COO/ CFO+33 4 28 29 14 00invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma -media relationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & CorporateCommunications Manager+33 6 07 55 25 36prichaud@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications -Corporate and medical CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orGretchen SCHWEITZER+49 89 23 88 77 31maat@trophic.eu",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Liquidity Contract', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Implementation', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', ""thirty (30) calendar days' notice"", 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'French Commercial Code', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'Siân Crouzet', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'regulatory technical standards', 'novel disease targets', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'MaaT Pharma shares', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome therapies', 'Regulatory News', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'medical Communications', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'survival outcomes', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'General Meeting', 'legal framework', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'market practice', 'Articles L.', 'AMF decision', 'following resources', 'stock market', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'source version', 'Investor relations', 'Hervé AFFAGARD', 'COO/ CFO', 'media relations', 'Pauline RICHAUD', 'Senior PR', 'Jacob VERGHESE', 'Gretchen SCHWEITZER', 'Trophic Communications', 'liquidity agreement', 'liquidity account', 'liquidity contract', 'Euronext Paris', 'acute GvHD', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'LYON', 'France', 'March', 'pioneer', 'development', 'patients', 'cancer', 'implementation', 'authorization', 'resolution', 'accordance', 'force', 'provisions', 'No.', 'Council', 'April', 'February', 'criteria', 'procedure', 'requirements', 'establishment', 'admitted', 'admission', 'June', 'July', '200,000 euros', 'execution', 'time', 'formality', 'oncology', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'Story', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'ticker', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'prichaud', 'maat-pharma', '49']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
1159,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/digitalassetsarticle.php?article_id=12831&navigationaction=latestnews&page=1&newssection=Digital%20Assets,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products,Euronext has listed SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based exchange-traded products on its European exchange  connecting European economies to global capital markets,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded ProductsEuronext has listed SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based exchange-traded products (ETPs) on its European exchange  connecting European economies to global capital markets.SEBA Bank’s current ETP offering consists of single-coin tracker certificates with Bitcoin  Ether and Polkadot as underlying instruments as well as the SEBAX Crypto Asset Select Index.As part of the mandate  these products will be listed in USD at Euronext Amsterdam and in EUR at Euronext Paris.Euronext operates other regulated exchanges in Belgium  Ireland  Italy  Norway and Portugal.Listed at the SIX Swiss Exchange since April 2021  SEBA Bank’s ETPs are designed to provide investors with secure and cost-effective means to access digital assets without the associated custody and security challenges.Commenting on the listing  Gregory Mall  senior portfolio manager at SEBA Bank  says: “Collateralised ETPs are a key development for investing in crypto assets. As an emerging asset class which constantly matures  we see more demand for reliable  easily-accessible and liquid investment vehicles.”He adds: “Listing our products at Euronext will significantly increase our distribution capabilities and marks another step in our mission to provide a secure and cost-effective alternative to dealing with private keys and cryptocurrency exchanges.”,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'SEBAX Crypto Asset Select Index', 'digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'digital asset-based exchange-traded products', 'emerging asset class', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'global capital markets', 'current ETP offering', 'single-coin tracker certificates', 'senior portfolio manager', 'liquid investment vehicles', 'other regulated exchanges', 'digital assets', 'crypto assets', 'European exchange', 'cryptocurrency exchanges', 'SEBA Bank', 'European economies', 'underlying instruments', 'cost-effective means', 'security challenges', 'Gregory Mall', 'key development', 'reliable, easily-accessible', 'distribution capabilities', 'cost-effective alternative', 'private keys', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Collateralised ETPs', 'Bitcoin', 'Ether', 'Polkadot', 'part', 'mandate', 'USD', 'Belgium', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'April', 'investors', 'secure', 'associated', 'custody', 'listing', 'investing', 'demand', 'step', 'mission']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,assetservicingtimes.com
1160,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/91960/seba-bank-ag-lists-digital-asset-etps-at-euronext,Seba Bank AG lists digital asset ETPs at Euronext,SEBA Bank  a fully integrated  FINMA licensed digital asset banking platform  today announced the listing of their digital asset based Exchange Traded Products (“ETPs”) at Euronext  a leading pan-European market infrastructure company ,Source: Seba BankSEBA Bank  a fully integrated  FINMA licensed digital asset banking platform  today announced the listing of their digital asset based Exchange Traded Products (“ETPs”) at Euronext  a leading pan-European market infrastructure company  connecting European economies to global capital markets.SEBA Bank’s current ETP offering consists of single-coin tracker certificates with Bitcoin  Ether and Polkadot as underlying instruments as well as the multi-coin SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index  an award winning and industry leading digital assets market index. These products will be listed in USD at Euronext Amsterdam and in EUR at Euronext Paris. Euronext is one of the leading pan-European market infrastructure providers  operating regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around EUR 6.9 trillion in market capitalisation  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base.Listed at the SIX Swiss Exchange since April 2021  SEBA Bank’s ETPs are designed to provide investors with the most secure and cost-effective means to access digital assets without the associated custody and security challenges. SEBAX® is a unique combination of professional index methodology and bottom-up research and recently won the prestigious “ETP of the year” award for 2021 in Switzerland. SEBA Bank’s in-house research applies the highest standards and complies with the Swiss Bankers Association research guidelines. All digital assets are selected according to a rigorous process which combines quantitative metrics and in-depth qualitative analysis.Gregory Mall  Senior Portfolio Manager at SEBA Bank  said: “Collateralized ETPs are a key development for investing in crypto assets. As an emerging asset class which constantly matures  we see more demand for reliable  easily-accessible and liquid investment vehicles. We believe our products stand out based on the institutional-grade quality  the most competitive pricing in the market and - in the case of the SEBAX® ETP - our innovative index engineering. Listing our products at Euronext will significantly increase our distribution capabilities and marks another step in our mission to provide a secure and cost-effective alternative to dealing with private keys and cryptocurrency exchanges. SEBA Bank set out to build a bridge from traditional banking to the digital world. Our product philosophy and exceptional live performance track record of the SEBAX® Index reflects this ambition.”,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Seba Bank AG', 'digital asset ETPs', 'Euronext', 'FINMA licensed digital asset banking platform', 'multi-coin SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index', 'industry leading digital assets market index', 'exceptional live performance track record', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure company', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure providers', 'Swiss Bankers Association research guidelines', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'emerging asset class', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'professional index methodology', 'innovative index engineering', 'global capital markets', 'single-coin tracker certificates', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'depth qualitative analysis', 'Senior Portfolio Manager', 'liquid investment vehicles', 'current ETP offering', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'crypto assets', 'SEBAX® Index', 'traditional banking', 'market capitalisation', 'digital world', 'SEBAX® ETP', 'bottom-up research', 'house research', 'prestigious “ETP', 'Seba Bank', 'European economies', 'underlying instruments', 'regulated exchanges', 'cost-effective means', 'associated custody', 'security challenges', 'unique combination', 'highest standards', 'rigorous process', 'quantitative metrics', 'Gregory Mall', 'key development', 'reliable, easily-accessible', 'institutional-grade quality', 'competitive pricing', 'distribution capabilities', 'cost-effective alternative', 'private keys', 'cryptocurrency exchanges', 'product philosophy', 'award winning', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Collateralized ETPs', 'Source', 'integrated', 'listing', 'Bitcoin', 'Ether', 'Polkadot', 'USD', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'April', 'investors', 'secure', 'year', 'Switzerland', 'investing', 'demand', 'case', 'step', 'mission', 'bridge', 'ambition']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,finextra.com
1161,EuroNext,Bing API,https://financialit.net/news/banking/seba-bank-ag-lists-digital-asset-etps-euronext-amsterdam-and-paris,SEBA Bank AG lists Digital Asset ETPs at Euronext in Amsterdam and Paris,SEBA Bank’s ETP suite consists of Single Coin tracker certificates in Bitcoin  Ether and Polkadot SEBAX® – the market leading and award winning Digital Asset Index – exchange traded product is now also listed at Euronext The entire ETP offering will be listed in USD at Euronext Amsterdam and in EUR at Euronext Paris SEBA Bank ,SEBA Bank AG lists Digital Asset ETPs at Euronext in Amsterdam and ParisSEBA Bank’s ETP suite consists of Single Coin tracker certificates in Bitcoin  Ether and PolkadotSEBAX® – the market leading and award winning Digital Asset Index – exchange traded product is now also listed at EuronextThe entire ETP offering will be listed in USD at Euronext Amsterdam and in EUR at Euronext ParisSEBA Bank  a fully integrated  FINMA licensed digital asset banking platform  today announced the listing of their digital asset based Exchange Traded Products (“ETPs”) at Euronext  a leading pan-European market infrastructure company  connecting European economies to global capital markets.SEBA Bank’s current ETP offering consists of single-coin tracker certificates with Bitcoin  Ether and Polkadot as underlying instruments as well as the multi-coin SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index  an award winning and industry leading digital assets market index. These products will be listed in USD at Euronext Amsterdam and in EUR at Euronext Paris. Euronext is one of the leading pan-European market infrastructure providers  operating regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around EUR 6.9 trillion in market capitalisation  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base.Listed at the SIX Swiss Exchange since April 2021  SEBA Bank’s ETPs are designed to provide investors with the most secure and cost-effective means to access digital assets without the associated custody and security challenges. SEBAX® is a unique combination of professional index methodology and bottom-up research and recently won the prestigious “ETP of the year” award for 2021 in Switzerland. SEBA Bank’s in-house research applies the highest standards and complies with the Swiss Bankers Association research guidelines. All digital assets are selected according to a rigorous process which combines quantitative metrics and in-depth qualitative analysis.Gregory Mall  Senior Portfolio Manager at SEBA Bank  said: “Collateralized ETPs are a key development for investing in crypto assets. As an emerging asset class which constantly matures  we see more demand for reliable  easily-accessible and liquid investment vehicles. We believe our products stand out based on the institutional-grade quality  the most competitive pricing in the market and – in the case of the SEBAX® ETP – our innovative index engineering. Listing our products at Euronext will significantly increase our distribution capabilities and marks another step in our mission to provide a secure and cost-effective alternative to dealing with private keys and cryptocurrency exchanges. SEBA Bank set out to build a bridge from traditional banking to the digital world. Our product philosophy and exceptional live performance track record of the SEBAX® Index reflects this ambition.”SEBA Bank’s listed products offer a regulated gateway for institutions to efficiently and securely invest in crypto assets. These products offer investors a number of unique benefits including: to maximize investment performance via the most competitive management fees in the market; institutional-grade custody with a fully licensed Swiss Bank; benefit from the proven track record of the award winning SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index ETP; 100% collateralized products fully backed by physical coins; and  a special purpose vehicle mitigating counterparty risk.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['SEBA Bank AG', 'Digital Asset ETPs', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', 'multi-coin SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index', 'FINMA licensed digital asset banking platform', 'SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index ETP', 'industry leading digital assets market index', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure company', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure providers', 'exceptional live performance track record', 'Swiss Bankers Association research guidelines', 'award winning Digital Asset Index', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'Single Coin tracker certificates', 'proven track record', 'professional index methodology', 'emerging asset class', 'innovative index engineering', 'single-coin tracker certificates', 'Digital Asset ETPs', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'entire ETP offering', 'global capital markets', 'current ETP offering', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'depth qualitative analysis', 'Senior Portfolio Manager', 'special purpose vehicle', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'liquid investment vehicles', 'competitive management fees', 'market leading', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'SEBAX® Index', 'SEBA Bank AG', 'crypto assets', 'SEBAX® ETP', 'traditional banking', 'investment performance', 'digital world', 'market capitalisation', 'ETP suite', 'bottom-up research', 'prestigious “ETP', 'house research', 'competitive pricing', 'listed products', 'European economies', 'underlying instruments', 'regulated exchanges', 'cost-effective means', 'associated custody', 'security challenges', 'unique combination', 'highest standards', 'rigorous process', 'quantitative metrics', 'Gregory Mall', 'key development', 'reliable, easily-accessible', 'institutional-grade quality', 'distribution capabilities', 'cost-effective alternative', 'private keys', 'cryptocurrency exchanges', 'regulated gateway', 'unique benefits', 'institutional-grade custody', 'physical coins', 'counterparty risk', 'Collateralized ETPs', '100% collateralized products', 'product philosophy', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Bitcoin', 'Ether', 'Polkadot', 'USD', 'integrated', 'listing', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'April', 'investors', 'secure', 'year', 'Switzerland', 'investing', 'demand', 'case', 'step', 'mission', 'bridge', 'ambition', 'institutions', 'number']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,financialit.net
1162,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Acquisition Action VERALLIA15 mars 2022Euronext ParisAcquisitionAction20.9440  € x 250 000.0000TOTAL = 5236… https://t.co/AiK8CKPoMc,nan,Acquisition Action VERALLIA15 mars 2022Euronext ParisAcquisitionAction20.9440  € x 250 000.0000TOTAL = 5236… https://t.co/AiK8CKPoMc,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Acquisition Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'VERALLIA', '15 mars', 'AiK8CKPoMc', 'Acquisition Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'VERALLIA', '15 mars', 'AiK8CKPoMc']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1163,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Acquisition Action VERALLIA17 mars 2022Euronext ParisAcquisitionAction21.9189  € x 4 125.0000TOTAL = 90415.… https://t.co/Nm5HSwP6VX,nan,Acquisition Action VERALLIA17 mars 2022Euronext ParisAcquisitionAction21.9189  € x 4 125.0000TOTAL = 90415.… https://t.co/Nm5HSwP6VX,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Acquisition Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'VERALLIA', '17 mars', 'Nm5HSwP6VX', 'Acquisition Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'VERALLIA', '17 mars', 'Nm5HSwP6VX']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1164,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@trondao @justinsuntron @vaneck_us @DeutscheBoerse @euronext About your @WINNFTHORSE bullshxt Still no S1 reward re… https://t.co/urV2WdOcBS,nan,@trondao @justinsuntron @vaneck_us @DeutscheBoerse @euronext About your @WINNFTHORSE bullshxt Still no S1 reward re… https://t.co/urV2WdOcBS,neutral,0.06,0.73,0.21,neutral,0.06,0.73,0.21,True,English,"['S1 reward', 'trondao', 'justinsuntron', 'vaneck_us', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'euronext', 'urV2WdOcBS', 'S1 reward', 'trondao', 'justinsuntron', 'vaneck_us', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'euronext', 'urV2WdOcBS']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1165,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products https://t.co/f4iTbjPnnn,nan,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products https://t.co/f4iTbjPnnn,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'f4iTbjPnnn', 'digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'f4iTbjPnnn']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1166,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products https://t.co/AwrmuD64Ds,nan,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products https://t.co/AwrmuD64Ds,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'AwrmuD64Ds', 'digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'AwrmuD64Ds']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1167,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext lists SEBA Bank's digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products - Securities Finance Times,nan,Euronext lists SEBA Bank's digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products - Securities Finance Times,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'Securities Finance Times', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'Securities Finance Times', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1168,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext (matif) #wheat options (price insurance) volumes continue to trade in increasing volumes. A lot of option… https://t.co/2NC0fnrE4W,nan,@euronext (matif) #wheat options (price insurance) volumes continue to trade in increasing volumes. A lot of option… https://t.co/2NC0fnrE4W,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,True,English,"['wheat options', 'price insurance', 'increasing volumes', 'euronext', 'lot', 'NC0fnrE4W', 'wheat options', 'price insurance', 'increasing volumes', 'euronext', 'lot', 'NC0fnrE4W']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1169,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@BeanNotHere I always just have discord by Euronext pony  like idk the words but that chorus bit is the constant in… https://t.co/2a9zj216cX,nan,@BeanNotHere I always just have discord by Euronext pony  like idk the words but that chorus bit is the constant in… https://t.co/2a9zj216cX,negative,0.06,0.26,0.68,negative,0.06,0.26,0.68,True,English,"['Euronext pony', 'chorus bit', 'discord', 'words', 'Euronext pony', 'chorus bit', 'discord', 'words']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1170,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Glue42 is proud to sponsor #EMEA #Trading Conference 2022 along with @AquisStockEx @BMO @Broadridge @euronext … https://t.co/YReMQJ4kCo,nan,Glue42 is proud to sponsor #EMEA #Trading Conference 2022 along with @AquisStockEx @BMO @Broadridge @euronext … https://t.co/YReMQJ4kCo,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['Glue42', 'BMO', 'Broadridge', 'euronext', 'YReMQJ4kCo', 'Glue42', 'BMO', 'Broadridge', 'euronext', 'YReMQJ4kCo']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1171,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,[Euronext] Le colza flambe de 30 €/t et approche les 970 €/t ! https://t.co/SM1WD1b0YM https://t.co/xBL4gpLcw6,nan,[Euronext] Le colza flambe de 30 €/t et approche les 970 €/t ! https://t.co/SM1WD1b0YM https://t.co/xBL4gpLcw6,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['colza flambe', 'Euronext', '970', 'colza flambe', 'Euronext', '970']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1172,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@steve3sandal @LSEplc @Refinitiv @LSEGplc @euronext #LSEG £79.60 As @LSEplc agrees to sell non-core #Refinitiv ass… https://t.co/6yiCk3uVzJ,nan,@steve3sandal @LSEplc @Refinitiv @LSEGplc @euronext #LSEG £79.60 As @LSEplc agrees to sell non-core #Refinitiv ass… https://t.co/6yiCk3uVzJ,neutral,0.03,0.77,0.19,neutral,0.03,0.77,0.19,True,English,"['core #Refinitiv ass', 'steve3sandal', 'LSEplc', 'LSEGplc', 'euronext', 'yiCk3uVzJ', 'core #Refinitiv ass', 'steve3sandal', 'LSEplc', 'LSEGplc', 'euronext', 'yiCk3uVzJ']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
1173,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,SEBA Bank AG lists Digital Asset ETPs at Euronext in Amsterdam and Parishttps://t.co/Vn3mbDLb29#Fintech  #Paytech… https://t.co/6UH2j26dAb,nan,SEBA Bank AG lists Digital Asset ETPs at Euronext in Amsterdam and Parishttps://t.co/Vn3mbDLb29#Fintech  #Paytech… https://t.co/6UH2j26dAb,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['SEBA Bank AG', 'Digital Asset ETPs', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', 'Fintech', 'Paytech', 'SEBA Bank AG', 'Digital Asset ETPs', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', 'Fintech', 'Paytech']",2022-03-21,2022-03-21,Unknown
