UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
27774,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/latin-american-bond-issuers-return-124237047.html,Latin American Bond Issuers Return as High Rates Persist,(Bloomberg) -- International bond sales out of Latin America are on the rise again as hopes for US rate cuts this year fade  leading companies and...,(Bloomberg) -- International bond sales out of Latin America are on the rise again as hopes for US rate cuts this year fade  leading companies and governments back to the capital markets.Most Read from BloombergIssuers from the private and public sector have raised more than $49 billion by selling bonds denominated in reserve and local currencies through July 13  according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That’s just $9 billion short of the $58 billion raised in all of 2022  the slowest year in terms of sales since 2008. For this year  bankers at Citigroup Inc. forecast close to $100 billion in international bond sales from the region  while BNP Paribas SA expects about $60 billion of such deals.Central banks in the region started tightening their monetary policy ahead of their counterparts in the US and elsewhere  allowing for potential rate cuts. In the US  traders are pricing in another 25-basis points rate hike  which would bring the Federal Reserve’s benchmark rate to a target range between 5.25% and 5.5% — around 100 basis points higher than what market participants were forecasting in May for the end of the year  according to data compiled by Bloomberg.“Some sovereigns still have some funding needs and might look to pre-fund next year’s budget given the constructive primary market tone ” said Anna Abadias  a vice president in BNP’s LatAm debt capital markets team. The bank expects highly ranked corporates and financial institutions to consider tapping the market “now that rates are expected to remain higher for longer ” she said.Several deals could come to market in the second half of the year. Brazil hired Banco Itau BBA  JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Banco Santander Brasil SA to assist with the nation’s first-ever sustainable bond sale  a long-awaited transaction that’s expected to hit markets by the end of the year.The Brazilian Treasury said Friday it would also monitor market conditions for possible issuances of traditional external debt. The Latin American nation may tap its 6% bond due in 2033  a person familiar with the matter said last month.Banco Internacional  a Chilean commercial bank  recently conducted a series of video conferences ahead of a potential five-year benchmark transaction  denominated in dollars  people familiar with the matter said earlier this week. A press officer for the Santiago-based bank didn’t immediately respond to a request for a comment.Chile and Paraguay  as well as oil majors Petroleo Brasileiro SA and Ecopetrol SA  were among the Latin American issuers that priced dollar-denominated transactions in June. Petrobras raised $1.25 billion with a 10-year bond that attracted an order book 3.4 times of the deal size  the company said in a July 3 statement. The company is monitoring the markets and weighing additional transactions that would reduce the cost of capital by canceling its most expensive debt ahead of time  Chief Financial Officer Sergio Caetano Leite said in an interview.“The time had come to put our feet in the water and see what the temperature was ” he said. “The acceptance was good  which leads us to continue looking at the debt markets. Petrobras is back to the game.”Latin American corporates are venturing back into the market  said Adrian Guzzoni  Latin America head of debt capital markets at Citi. The expectation is that the “market will continue to improve in terms of volumes” said Guzzoni. “When some of the corporates start coming  obviously lot many others follow suit.”Another driver for new issues could be the need to refinance bank facilities that companies took on to avoid having to tap the bond markets during recent periods of market volatility  said Juan Fullaondo  head of Latin America and Caribbean debt capital markets at Bank of Nova Scotia.Issuers are also registering investor demand for bond sales in local currencies. Uruguay  Chile  Peru and the Dominican Republic this year have priced local-currency debt in a format that makes easy to buy for domestic and international investors alike. These bonds can usually be settled by clearing houses widely used by international investors  including Euroclear.“Seeing transactions in local currency with some international investors is a good sign in terms of openness in the market because those trades typically are done in healthy markets ” said Guzzoni.Mexico will offer a sustainable bond maturing in May 2035 with an 8% coupon on July 20  the country’s central bank said Wednesday.Read more: World-Beating Currency Rally Spurs Latin America Debt SalesEmerging-market yields have stabilized in recent months  but remain at significantly higher levels than a year ago. That however isn’t deterring issuers. “Issuers are taking advantage of the constructive market tone to refinance upcoming maturities and extend their maturity profiles ” BNP’s Abadias said.“While in many cases these exercises lead to more costly new debt  nobody can predict whether demand for longer-dated credit will be there next year ” Abadias said.--With assistance from Mariana Durao  Michael O'Boyle  Maria Elena Vizcaino and Andrea Niper.(Adds detail Brazil’s ESG bond issuance plans from fifth paragraph.)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2023 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.13,0.52,True,English,"['Latin American Bond Issuers', 'High Rates Persist', 'Chief Financial Officer Sergio Caetano Leite', 'LatAm debt capital markets team', '25-basis points rate hike', 'Banco Santander Brasil SA', 'potential five-year benchmark transaction', 'constructive primary market tone', 'Caribbean debt capital markets', 'The Latin American nation', 'Latin America Debt Sales', 'potential rate cuts', 'The Brazilian Treasury', 'traditional external debt', 'Banco Itau BBA', 'Petroleo Brasileiro SA', ""Michael O'Boyle"", 'Maria Elena Vizcaino', 'constructive market tone', 'costly new debt', 'World-Beating Currency Rally', 'Latin American corporates', 'Chilean commercial bank', 'sustainable bond sale', 'Latin America head', 'Latin American issuers', 'US rate cuts', 'BNP Paribas SA', 'International bond sales', 'benchmark rate', 'financial institutions', 'press officer', 'debt markets', 'expensive debt', 'local-currency debt', 'Banco Internacional', 'Ecopetrol SA', 'bond markets', 'new issues', 'local currency', 'healthy markets', 'international investors', '10-year bond', 'public sector', 'local currencies', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'Central banks', 'monetary policy', 'target range', 'funding needs', 'vice president', 'second half', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'possible issuances', 'video conferences', 'oil majors', 'order book', 'deal size', 'many others', 'recent periods', 'Juan Fullaondo', 'Nova Scotia', 'Dominican Republic', 'good sign', 'Emerging-market yields', 'recent months', 'higher levels', 'upcoming maturities', 'maturity profiles', 'many cases', 'dated credit', 'Mariana Durao', 'Santiago-based bank', 'bank facilities', 'market participants', 'market conditions', 'market volatility', 'dollar-denominated transactions', 'additional transactions', 'Federal Reserve', 'Several deals', 'investor demand', 'Anna Abadias', 'July 3 statement', 'Adrian Guzzoni', 'slowest year', '6% bond', 'Bloomberg', 'rise', 'hopes', 'companies', 'governments', 'private', 'bonds', 'data', 'terms', 'bankers', 'region', 'counterparts', 'traders', 'May', 'end', 'sovereigns', 'budget', 'Co.', 'person', 'matter', 'series', 'dollars', 'people', 'request', 'comment', 'Paraguay', 'June', 'Petrobras', 'company', 'time', 'interview', 'feet', 'water', 'temperature', 'acceptance', 'game', 'expectation', 'volumes', 'lot', 'suit', 'driver', 'Uruguay', 'Peru', 'format', 'domestic', 'houses', 'Euroclear', 'openness', 'trades', 'Mexico', '8% coupon', 'country', 'advantage', 'exercises', 'assistance']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,finance.yahoo.com
27775,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Libyan-wealth-fund-sues-Belgian-prince-for-fraud-over-reforestation-project--44339160/,Libyan wealth fund sues Belgian prince for fraud over reforestation project,(marketscreener.com) Libya's sovereign wealth fund has filed a criminal complaint against Belgium's Prince Laurent  accusing him of fraud and extortion linked to his bid to reclaim funds from a failed reforestation project  lawyers said on Friday.https://www.…,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) -Libya's sovereign wealth fund has filed a criminal complaint against Prince Laurent of Belgium  accusing him of fraud and extortion linked to his bid to reclaim funds from a failed reforestation project  lawyers said on Friday.Law firm Jus Cogens  which represents the Libyan Investment Authority (LIA)  said it filed the complaint against Prince Laurent for extortion  fraud and illegal influence this week.""We have communicated factual elements to the investigative judge showing  according to us  that Prince Laurent abused his status as a public office holder""  said Christophe Marchand  founding partner at Jus Cogens.A lawyer for the prince said the complaint ""was not serious"".The prince  brother of the king  and Libyan authorities signed a multimillion euro contract in 2008 aimed at reforesting desert regions of inland Libya. The project collapsed with the outbreak of civil war in Libya in 2011.The LIA alleges that the prince exerted ""unacceptable pressure"" in an attempt to obtain payment of nearly 70 million euros ($78.52 million) he says he is owed by the Libyan Ministry for Agriculture.""It's pathetic""  the prince's lawyer Laurent Arnauts said in a statement.""Libyan dignitaries are trying to save face because they've just lost a 13th time before the Belgian courts and in Luxembourg"".Libya has been under international sanctions since 2011 and the country's 14 billion euros sovereign wealth is currently frozen in Brussels-based bank Euroclear.(Reporting by Marine Strauss  Editing by Nick Macfie and Frank Jack Daniel)By Marine Strauss",negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Libyan wealth fund', 'Belgian prince', 'reforestation project', 'fraud', '14 billion euros sovereign wealth', 'sovereign wealth fund', 'public office holder', 'multimillion euro contract', 'Frank Jack Daniel', 'Libyan Investment Authority', '70 million euros', 'Libyan authorities', 'Libyan Ministry', 'Libyan dignitaries', 'Law firm', 'Jus Cogens', 'illegal influence', 'factual elements', 'investigative judge', 'Christophe Marchand', 'founding partner', 'desert regions', 'civil war', 'unacceptable pressure', 'Laurent Arnauts', '13th time', 'Belgian courts', 'international sanctions', 'Brussels-based bank', 'Marine Strauss', 'Nick Macfie', 'reforestation project', 'The LIA', 'Prince Laurent', 'criminal complaint', 'inland Libya', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'fraud', 'extortion', 'bid', 'funds', 'lawyers', 'Friday', 'status', 'brother', 'king', 'outbreak', 'attempt', 'payment', 'Agriculture', 'statement', 'face', 'Luxembourg', 'country', 'Euroclear']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27776,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANOTO-GROUP-AB-PUBL-37976624/news/Notice-to-attend-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Anoto-Group-AB-publ-44341579/,Notice to attend Extraordinary General Meeting in Anoto Group AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) The shareholders of Anoto Group AB are hereby invited to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Monday 7 August 2023 at 10 a.m. at the premises of Setterwalls Advokatbyrå  Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm  Sweden. Notification o…,"The shareholders of Anoto Group AB (publ) (“Anoto” or the “Company”) are hereby invited to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting (the “EGM”) to be held on Monday 7 August2023 at 10 a.m. at the premises of SetterwallsAdvokatbyrå  Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm  Sweden.Notification of participationShareholders wishing to attend the EGM must:be entered as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Friday 28 July 2023;notify the Company of their intention to participate no later than on Tuesday 1 August 2023.Attendance is to be notified by phone to +44 758 430 12 60 or by e-mail to EGM@anoto.com. The notification should state name  social security number/corporate identification number and registered number of shares. To facilitate admittance to the EGM  proxies  registration certificates and other authorisation documents should be submitted to the Company by email to EGM@anoto.com no later than on Tuesday 1 August 2023. The Company provides proxy forms on the Company’s web page www.anoto.com.To be entitled to participate at the EGM  shareholders who has had their shares registered through nominees (Sw. förvaltare) must  in addition to notifying the Company of their intention to participate at the EGM  have their shares registered in their own name so that the shareholder is entered into the share register per Friday 28 July 2023. Such registration may be temporary (Sw. rösträttsregistrering) and is requested with the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations made no later than Tuesday 1 August 2023 are considered in the presentation of the EGM share register.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman Preparation and approval of voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Resolution regarding approval of share transfer in KAIT Closing of the MeetingProposals by the board of directors regarding Approval of a share transfer in KAIT(item 7)BackgroundAnoto AB with reg. no 556320-2646  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Anoto  has on 13 July 2023 entered into share transfer agreements with Joonhee Won and Jörgen Durban regarding the sale of a total of 1 350 000 shares in Knowledge AI Holdings Ltd. (”KAIT""). KAIT is a subsidiary of Anoto specializing in education.Application of the Leo RulesGiven that Joonhee Won is a member of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and Jörgen Durban is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Anoto  the transfers are subject to the Leo rules in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act and must be submitted to the general meeting for approval. The share transfer agreement has therefore been conditioned on the approval of the EGM.Statement of the Board of Directors on the share transfer agreementsAnoto has previously announced that it has sold 2 750 000 shares in KAIT to a number of European investors. After the sale  Anoto's ownership in KAIT would amount to 47.2 per cent of the number of outstanding shares in the company.The transfers are a step towards strengthening the Company's financial position. Through the transfers  KAIT will be deconsolidated from the Company  allowing KAIT to secure its own financing as an independent company. At the same time  this results in an improvement in Anoto’s financial position as KAIT's debts will no longer be included in Anoto's balance sheet. After the transfers  Anoto will still own 4 300 000 shares in KAIT which corresponds to approximately 47.8 per cent of the number of outstanding shares.One of the European investors has not completed the transaction on the agreed closing date. Anoto's board has therefore decided to instead transfer 1 250 000 shares to Joonhee Won and 100 000 shares to Jörgen Durban on the same terms and at the same price as agreed with the external investors. The purchase price for the shares in KAIT corresponds to an agreed market value of KAIT of USD 12 million on a fully diluted basis. The purchase price for the shares thus amounts to USD 1 250 000 and USD 100 000 for Joonhee Won and Jörgen Durban respectively.The board assesses that the terms of the transaction  including the purchase price  are market based  and that the share transfer agreements otherwise contain customary conditions.The transfers of shares in KAIT are  inter alia  conditional on the approval of the transfers by an extraordinary general meeting of the Company.In respect of Joonhee Won's position as member of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and Jörgen Durban's position as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  they have not been involved in the preparation of the sale of shares in KAIT and have not participated in the board's decision regarding the sale.Proposal for resolutionThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting approves the transfer of 1 250 000 shares in KAIT to Joonhee Won and 100 000 shares in KAIT to Jörgen Durban under the conditions set out above.Valuation statementThe Company has prepared a valuation report regarding the market value of the shares for the Extraordinary General Meeting. A copy of the final valuation assessment will be available at www.anoto.com and at the office of the Company.Majority requirementThe resolution is only valid if supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyAs of 14 July 2023  the total number of ordinary shares and votes in the Company was 331 859 066. There were no Series C Shares issued. The Company is not holding any own shares.Stockholm  July 2023Anoto Group AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.16,0.37,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Anoto Group AB', 'Notice', 'Knowledge AI Holdings Ltd', 'other authorisation documents', 'Jörgen Durban', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Voting rights registrations', 'share transfer agreements', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate identification number', 'Anoto Group AB', 'EGM share register', 'voting list', 'Tuesday 1 August', 'registration certificates', 'proxy forms', 'web page', 'förvaltare', 'Such registration', 'two persons', 'minutes Determination', 'Joonhee Won', 'Leo Rules', 'European investors', '47.2 per cent', 'balance sheet', '47.8 per cent', 'closing date', 'same price', 'external investors', 'purchase price', 'market value', 'diluted basis', 'customary conditions', 'Anoto AB', 'registered number', 'state name', 'financial position', 'same time', 'same terms', 'The Company', 'independent company', 'outstanding shares', 'KAIT Closing', 'agenda Election', 'Friday 28 July', 'Chairman Preparation', '13 July', '1,350,000 shares', '2,750,000 shares', '4,300,000 shares', '1,250,000 shares', '100,000 shares', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'August2023', '10 a', 'premises', 'SetterwallsAdvokatbyrå', 'Sturegatan', 'Stockholm', 'Notification', 'participation', 'intention', 'Attendance', 'phone', 'mail', 'admittance', 'proxies', 'nominees', 'Sw.', 'addition', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'presentation', 'Opening', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'Proposals', 'board', 'directors', 'reg.', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'sale', 'total', 'education', 'Application', 'member', 'transfers', 'Chapter', 'Statement', 'ownership', 'step', 'financing', 'improvement', 'debts', 'transaction', 'USD', 'respect', 'decision']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27777,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/14/2705098/0/en/Notice-to-attend-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Anoto-Group-AB-publ.html,Notice to attend Extraordinary General Meeting in Anoto Group AB (publ),The shareholders of Anoto Group AB (publ) (“Anoto” or the “Company”) are hereby invited to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting (the “EGM”) to be held on Monday 7 August 2023 at 10 a.m. at the premises of Setterwalls Advokatbyrå  Sturegatan 10 in Stockhol…,"English SwedishThe shareholders of Anoto Group AB (publ) (“Anoto” or the “Company”) are hereby invited to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting (the “EGM”) to be held on Monday 7 August 2023 at 10 a.m. at the premises of Setterwalls Advokatbyrå  Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm  Sweden.Notification of participationShareholders wishing to attend the EGM must:be entered as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Friday 28 July 2023;notify the Company of their intention to participate no later than on Tuesday 1 August 2023.Attendance is to be notified by phone to +44 758 430 12 60 or by e-mail to EGM@anoto.com. The notification should state name  social security number/corporate identification number and registered number of shares. To facilitate admittance to the EGM  proxies  registration certificates and other authorisation documents should be submitted to the Company by email to EGM@anoto.com no later than on Tuesday 1 August 2023. The Company provides proxy forms on the Company’s web page www.anoto.com.To be entitled to participate at the EGM  shareholders who has had their shares registered through nominees (Sw. förvaltare) must  in addition to notifying the Company of their intention to participate at the EGM  have their shares registered in their own name so that the shareholder is entered into the share register per Friday 28 July 2023. Such registration may be temporary (Sw. rösträttsregistrering) and is requested with the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations made no later than Tuesday 1 August 2023 are considered in the presentation of the EGM share register.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman Preparation and approval of voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Resolution regarding approval of share transfer in KAIT Closing of the MeetingProposals by the board of directors regarding Approval of a share transfer in KAIT (item 7)BackgroundAnoto AB with reg. no 556320-2646  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Anoto  has on 13 July 2023 entered into share transfer agreements with Joonhee Won and Jörgen Durban regarding the sale of a total of 1 350 000 shares in Knowledge AI Holdings Ltd. (”KAIT""). KAIT is a subsidiary of Anoto specializing in education.Application of the Leo RulesGiven that Joonhee Won is a member of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and Jörgen Durban is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Anoto  the transfers are subject to the Leo rules in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act and must be submitted to the general meeting for approval. The share transfer agreement has therefore been conditioned on the approval of the EGM.Statement of the Board of Directors on the share transfer agreementsAnoto has previously announced that it has sold 2 750 000 shares in KAIT to a number of European investors. After the sale  Anoto's ownership in KAIT would amount to 47.2 per cent of the number of outstanding shares in the company.The transfers are a step towards strengthening the Company's financial position. Through the transfers  KAIT will be deconsolidated from the Company  allowing KAIT to secure its own financing as an independent company. At the same time  this results in an improvement in Anoto’s financial position as KAIT's debts will no longer be included in Anoto's balance sheet. After the transfers  Anoto will still own 4 300 000 shares in KAIT which corresponds to approximately 47.8 per cent of the number of outstanding shares.One of the European investors has not completed the transaction on the agreed closing date. Anoto's board has therefore decided to instead transfer 1 250 000 shares to Joonhee Won and 100 000 shares to Jörgen Durban on the same terms and at the same price as agreed with the external investors. The purchase price for the shares in KAIT corresponds to an agreed market value of KAIT of USD 12 million on a fully diluted basis. The purchase price for the shares thus amounts to USD 1 250 000 and USD 100 000 for Joonhee Won and Jörgen Durban respectively.The board assesses that the terms of the transaction  including the purchase price  are market based  and that the share transfer agreements otherwise contain customary conditions.The transfers of shares in KAIT are  inter alia  conditional on the approval of the transfers by an extraordinary general meeting of the Company.In respect of Joonhee Won's position as member of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and Jörgen Durban's position as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  they have not been involved in the preparation of the sale of shares in KAIT and have not participated in the board's decision regarding the sale.Proposal for resolutionThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting approves the transfer of 1 250 000 shares in KAIT to Joonhee Won and 100 000 shares in KAIT to Jörgen Durban under the conditions set out above.Valuation statementThe Company has prepared a valuation report regarding the market value of the shares for the Extraordinary General Meeting. A copy of the final valuation assessment will be available at www.anoto.com and at the office of the Company.Majority requirementThe resolution is only valid if supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyAs of 14 July 2023  the total number of ordinary shares and votes in the Company was 331 859 066. There were no Series C Shares issued. The Company is not holding any own shares.Stockholm  July 2023Anoto Group AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.65,0.32,0.03,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Anoto Group AB', 'Notice', 'Knowledge AI Holdings Ltd', 'other authorisation documents', 'Jörgen Durban', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'share transfer agreements', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate identification number', 'Anoto Group AB', 'EGM share register', 'English Swedish', 'voting list', 'Setterwalls Advokatbyrå', 'registration certificates', 'proxy forms', 'web page', 'förvaltare', 'Such registration', 'two persons', 'minutes Determination', 'Joonhee Won', 'Leo Rules', 'European investors', '47.2 per cent', 'balance sheet', '47.8 per cent', 'closing date', 'same price', 'external investors', 'purchase price', 'market value', 'diluted basis', 'customary conditions', 'Anoto AB', 'Tuesday 1 August', 'registered number', 'state name', 'financial position', 'same time', 'same terms', 'The Company', 'independent company', 'outstanding shares', 'KAIT Closing', 'agenda Election', 'Friday 28 July', 'Chairman Preparation', '13 July', '1,350,000 shares', '2,750,000 shares', '4,300,000 shares', '1,250,000 shares', '100,000 shares', 'shareholders', 'Monday', '10 a', 'premises', 'Sturegatan', 'Stockholm', 'Notification', 'participation', 'intention', 'Attendance', 'phone', 'mail', 'admittance', 'proxies', 'nominees', 'Sw.', 'addition', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'presentation', 'Opening', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'Proposals', 'board', 'directors', 'item', 'reg.', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'sale', 'total', 'education', 'Application', 'member', 'transfers', 'Chapter', 'Statement', 'ownership', 'step', 'financing', 'improvement', 'debts', 'transaction', 'USD', 'respect', 'decision']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,globenewswire.com
27778,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/currency/US-DOLLAR-RUSSIAN-ROUBL-2370597/news/JP-Morgan-says-client-shares-in-Russia-s-Magnit-may-be-missing-44335544/,JP Morgan says client shares in Russia's Magnit may be missing,(marketscreener.com) J.P. Morgan hasbecome the latest major bank struggling to find Russian stockslinked to some client investments  adding to fears for investorsstill hoping to recoup some value from stranded assets in thecountry. In an investor circula…,"(Repeats from Thursday)* JPM uncovers possible shortfall in retailer Magnit's shares* Magnit buying back foreigners' blocked shares at 50% discount* JPM plans to participate in Magnit tender offer -documentLONDON  July 13 (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan has become the latest major bank struggling to find Russian stocks linked to some client investments  adding to fears for investors still hoping to recoup some value from stranded assets in the country.In an investor circular dated July 12 and seen by Reuters  the Wall Street bank said ""it was actively seeking to recover"" shares in Russian retail group Magnit  which underpinned depositary receipts (DRs) JPM had issued to investors before Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.Western sanctions and Russian countermeasures have marooned assets held by individuals and companies on both sides.Moscow has rewritten rules governing foreign ownership of Russian company shares in response to those sanctions  triggering confusion among investors and increasing their risks of heavy losses.Reforms include upending the role of global banks in the supervision of depositary receipt programs originally designed to increase international investment in Russia's major companies  and requiring substantial discounts for so-called ""unfriendly"" investors' sales of stock.A spokesperson for JPM confirmed the authenticity of the investor circular but declined to comment further.DRs are certificates issued by a bank representing shares in a foreign company traded on a local stock exchange. Swapping DRs for shares in the Russian company is a first step towards an effort to recover money.MISSING SHARESJPM said the shares in question ""may be missing"" after ""certain holders"" cancelled their DRs twice  firstly under a business-as-usual process in April last year and again in August after Moscow introduced laws on the mandatory conversion of DRs to reduce foreign influence over Russian companies.According to JPM's circular  the shares currently unaccounted for are estimated to be less than 1% of the shares held in custody at another financial institution.The possible shortfall in Magnit shares held on behalf of JPM's investors comes soon after Deutsche Bank warned clients it could no longer guarantee full access to Russian stocks belonging to them  Reuters exclusively reported in June.""Any cash equivalent of the missing shares that is recovered will be distributed pro rata among the remaining DR holders "" JPM said in the circular  echoing a plan also pursued by Deutsche Bank.Lawyers and other advisers contacted by Reuters have previously described the process faced by global investors seeking to convert Russian depositary receipts into the company stock belonging to them as ""complete chaos"".Deutsche attributed its shortfall to Moscow's decision to allow investors to convert some of the DRs into local stock without its ""involvement or oversight"". This meant Deutsche was unable to reconcile the company shares held at another custodian bank with the depositary receipts on its own books.The Bank of Russia did not immediately respond to a request for comment on JP Morgan's search for the potentially missing Magnit shares.Krasnodar-based Magnit and Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) did not immediately reply to requests for comment.The NSD has previously said that it was not responsible for implementing Russia's forced conversion law and had no information about its consequences.BUYBACK OFFERMagnit  Russia's second-largest retailer with almost 28 000 food and home goods stores across Russia and Uzbekistan  is offering to buy back blocked shares from foreign shareholders at a 50% discount -- as demanded by the Kremlin -- the first proposal of its kind.Last month  Magnit tripled the size of its offer to almost 30% of its outstanding shares on strong demand from Western investors keen to exit Russian holdings and this week extended that to include shareholders holding stakes through Euroclear.More than 60% of Magnit's shares are free-float  with shareholders including major global asset managers  Refinitiv data shows.When first announcing the plans  Magnit said its voluntary tender offer was also addressed to JPM  regarding shares held in its DR program custody account.In its July 12 circular  JPM said it intends to participate in Magnit's tender offer  and that any GDR holders not wishing to have their shares tendered should surrender them by 2100 GMT on July 14.Magnit has already obtained government approval  something Western executives have said is a lengthy and difficult process.Two sources with knowledge of Magnit's plans have told Reuters that should Magnit's offer succeed  it could open the door for other companies to follow suit and allow Western investors to recoup more blocked funds. (Reporting by Sinead Cruise and Alexander Marrow. Editing by Jane Merriman)",negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,mixed,0.05,0.14,0.81,True,English,"['JP Morgan', 'client shares', 'Russia', 'Magnit', 'DR program custody account', 'major global asset managers', 'National Settlement Depository', 'home goods stores', 'remaining DR holders', 'J.P. Morgan', 'depositary receipt programs', 'forced conversion law', 'Russian retail group', 'latest major bank', 'Wall Street bank', 'voluntary tender offer', 'unfriendly"" investors\' sales', 'local stock exchange', 'Russian depositary receipts', 'Magnit tender offer', 'Russian company shares', 'missing Magnit shares', 'major companies', 'global banks', 'mandatory conversion', 'JP Morgan', 'Russian stocks', 'Russian countermeasures', 'certain holders', 'Russian holdings', 'GDR holders', 'global investors', 'foreign company', 'company stock', 'custodian bank', 'The Bank', 'Russian companies', 'client investments', 'foreign ownership', 'heavy losses', 'international investment', 'substantial discounts', 'first step', 'foreign influence', 'financial institution', 'full access', 'cash equivalent', 'other advisers', 'complete chaos', 'BUYBACK OFFER', 'first proposal', 'strong demand', 'Refinitiv data', 'government approval', 'Western executives', 'Two sources', 'Sinead Cruise', 'Alexander Marrow', 'Jane Merriman', 'MISSING SHARES', 'other companies', 'possible shortfall', 'usual process', 'difficult process', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Western investors', 'Western sanctions', 'The NSD', 'largest retailer', 'outstanding shares', 'Krasnodar-based Magnit', 'foreign shareholders', 'investor circular', 'July 12 circular', 'Repeats', 'Thursday', 'JPM', '50% discount', 'document', 'LONDON', 'Reuters', 'fears', 'value', 'assets', 'country', 'DRs', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'February', 'individuals', 'sides', 'Moscow', 'rules', 'response', 'confusion', 'risks', 'Reforms', 'role', 'supervision', 'spokesperson', 'authenticity', 'certificates', 'effort', 'money', 'question', 'business', 'April', 'August', 'laws', 'behalf', 'clients', 'June', 'plan', 'Lawyers', 'decision', 'involvement', 'oversight', 'books', 'request', 'comment', 'search', 'information', 'consequences', '28,000 food', 'Kremlin', 'kind', 'size', 'stakes', 'Euroclear', 'More', '2100 GMT', 'lengthy', 'knowledge', 'door', 'suit', 'funds', 'Editing']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27779,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLOW-TRADERS-LTD-22852251/news/Flow-Traders-Convening-Notice-Special-General-Meeting-September-2023-44335611/,Flow Traders : Convening Notice Special General Meeting September 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Convening notice   Flow Traders Ltd. is pleased to invite its Shareholders to the Special General Meeting to be held in the Auditorium at the INIT Building at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9  1018 LL Amsterdam  the Netherlands on 14 Septembe…,"Convening notice Flow Traders Ltd. (the ""Company"") is pleased to invite its Shareholders to the Special General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") to be held in the Auditorium at the INIT Building at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9  1018 LL Amsterdam  the Netherlands on 14 September 2023 at 14:00 CEST. In this convening notice  references to ""shareholder(s)"" and ""holder(s) of shares"" shall  as the context may require  include persons holding their beneficial interests in common shares in the capital of the Company through Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (Euroclear Nederland). Agenda and explanatory notes Opening and announcements Composition of the Board - Proposal to elect Mrs. Hermien Smeets-Flier to the Board ( voting item )In accordance with the Bye-Laws of the Company  the Board nominates Mrs. Hermien Smeets- Flier for election as a member of the Board as Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) with effect from 14 September 2023 or a date thereafter following the required regulatory approval for a fixed term until the date of the Company's Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027.Mrs. Smeets-Flier (age: 51) is a Dutch national. Mrs. Smeets-Flier has over 20 years of experience leading and scaling finance  risk  control and operational functions across insurance and asset management firms as well as broad expertise in providing audit  financial and M&A advisory services to listed companies. She also has extensive board experience having served on several Supervisory and Management Boards and Risk and Audit committees during her career. Prior to joining Flow Traders  Mrs. Smeets-Flier served as Chief Financial and Risk Officer and member of the Management Board at Achmea Investment Management  where she was responsible for finance  operations  IT  legal and risk functions as well as managing Achmea IM's regulatory agenda. Before that  she served as Chief Financial Officer at AEGIS London  during this role she also served as Deputy Chair of the Finance Committee of the Lloyd's Market Association. Prior to joining AEGIS London  Hermien served as Chief Financial Officer at Amlin Underwriting Ltd. where she was part of the strategic transition of the firm through various M&A transactions. She started page 1/4her career at KPMG  where for 15 years she provided audit  financial  and M&A advisory services to listed companies. The Board proposes to elect Mrs. Smeets-Flier for election in view of her extensive experience in audit  finance and M&A within regulated businesses combined with international and cross- functional expertise in risk  control and operations. The proposed election takes the Board Profile and the Diversity  Equity & Inclusion Policy into account. Mrs. Smeets-Flier will join Flow Traders B.V. as Finance Director on 17 July 2023 until her election as member of the Board as Executive Director and CFO. Mrs. Smeets-Flier does not own any shares in the Company's share capital. The Board is pleased that Mrs. Smeets-Flier is available to join Flow Traders and help shape the company's future by leading and further structuring the company's audit  finance and business development practices and initiatives. The remuneration of Mrs. Smeets-Flier shall be in accordance with the Company's existing Remuneration Policy as approved by the shareholders during the 2023 Annual General Meeting of shareholders which was held on 26 April 2023. In accordance with best practice provision 3.4.2 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code  the main elements of the board agreement with Mrs. Smeets-Flier (as applicable after her election) are available on the Company's website (www.flowtraders.com)  by clicking on the ""Investors"" tab and navigating to ""Corporate Governance"" and then to ""AGM"". 3. Any other business and closing *** page 2/4Additional information The agenda with explanatory notes  and the instructions for attendance at the General Meeting will be available on the Company's website (www.flowtraders.com)  by clicking on the ""Investors"" tab and navigating to ""Corporate Governance"" and then to ""AGM"". The information mentioned can be obtained via e-mail or free of charge via the Company. Furthermore  the information mentioned can be requested in physical form  if desired  by notifying Investor Relations at the email address stated below. Addresses Flow Traders Ltd. Investor Relations Email:investor.relations@flowtraders.com Record Date A person who is registered as a shareholder of the Company on Thursday 17 August 2023 after close of trading and processing of all settlements (the ""Record Date"") and has timely registered (as described below) will be considered as having the right to participate in the General Meeting. The administration of the relevant financial intermediary under the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) (""Intermediary"" or ""Intermediaries"") shall be consulted to determine which persons are deemed to be registered shareholders of the Company as per the Record Date. Registration Holders of common shares (or their authorized representatives) who wish to attend the General Meeting  must notify ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO"")  through the Intermediary  that they wish to attend the General Meeting. Shareholders may also register for the General Meeting via www.abnamro.com/evoting. Registration requests may be submitted following the Record Date (Thursday 17 August 2023) and no later than Thursday 7 September 2023 at 17:00 CEST. No later than Friday 8 September 2023  13:00 CEST the Intermediaries must provide ABN AMRO via www.abnamro.com/intermediarywith an electronic statement containing the number of shares held by the respective shareholders on the Record Date and for which number of shares registration for the General Meeting is requested. page 3/4",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['Convening Notice Special General Meeting', 'Flow Traders', 'Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V.', 'Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act', 'Flow Traders B.V.', 'Convening notice Flow Traders Ltd.', 'M&A advisory services', 'various M&A transactions', 'Wet giraal effectenverkeer', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'Mrs. Hermien Smeets- Flier', 'Amlin Underwriting Ltd', 'best practice provision', 'asset management firms', 'cross- functional expertise', 'business development practices', 'Special General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Achmea Investment Management', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'existing Remuneration Policy', 'Investor Relations Email', 'relevant financial intermediary', 'Mrs. Hermien Smeets-Flier', 'extensive board experience', 'Dutch national', 'broad expertise', 'Management Boards', 'Achmea IM', 'extensive experience', 'Inclusion Policy', 'other business', 'email address', 'Mrs. Smeets-Flier', 'Risk Officer', 'INIT Building', 'Jacob Bontiusplaats', '1018 LL Amsterdam', 'beneficial interests', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'explanatory notes', 'voting item', 'Executive Director', 'regulatory approval', 'fixed term', 'operational functions', 'listed companies', 'several Supervisory', 'AEGIS London', 'Deputy Chair', 'Market Association', 'strategic transition', 'regulated businesses', 'main elements', 'physical form', 'Thursday 17 August', 'Registration Holders', 'authorized representativ', 'The Board', 'Board Profile', 'board agreement', 'risk functions', 'Record Date', 'common shares', 'Audit committees', 'share capital', 'Finance Committee', 'Finance Director', 'regulatory agenda', 'Additional information', 'risk, control', 'Investors"" tab', 'Company', 'Shareholders', 'Auditorium', 'Netherlands', '14 September', '14:00 CEST', 'references', 'context', 'persons', 'Opening', 'announcements', 'Composition', 'Proposal', 'accordance', 'Bye-Laws', 'election', 'member', 'CFO', '20 years', 'leading', 'insurance', 'career', 'operations', 'legal', 'role', 'Lloyd', 'part', 'page', 'KPMG', '15 years', 'view', 'international', 'Equity', 'account', '17 July', 'future', 'initiatives', '26 April', 'website', 'flowtraders', 'AGM', 'instructions', 'attendance', 'charge', 'close', 'trading', 'processing', 'settlements', 'right', 'administration', 'Intermediaries']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27780,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.ign.com/articles/best-tv-antennas-indoor-and-outdoor,Best TV Antennas of 2023: Top Indoor and Outdoor Options,TV antennas fill a gap that some of the best streaming devices are unable to. Today's TV antennas aren’t the bunny ear-style TV toppers of yesteryear  they are diminutive but powerful. There are a ton of different variations depending on the range you’re searching for ,Who knew the streaming wars would inadvertently trigger a TV antenna renaissance? No one could have predicted it  but that’s precisely what happened with the Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro  our number one pick. With the rise of streaming services turning people away from cable subscriptions en masse  a need to maintain some local channels has arisen.TL;DR - These Are The Best TV Antennas You Can Buy TodayTV antennas fill a gap that some of the best streaming devices are unable to. Today's TV antennas aren’t the bunny ear-style TV toppers of yesteryear  they are diminutive but powerful. There are a ton of different variations depending on the range you’re searching for  whether you want the antenna to be indoors or outdoors  and what design you’re most apt to invest in. You’re in the right place  though  because we’ve done the research and rounded up the best TV and HDTV antennas you can buy today.Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro 0 See It1. Mohu Leaf Supreme ProThe best tv antenna overallRange: 65 miles | Colors: Black  White | Type: Indoor | Cable length: 12 feet | Dimensions: 21” x .5” x 12”The Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro tops our list for its status as a 1080p  amplified HDTV antenna that expertly combines an exceptionally long range with solid  consistent reception. It features a sleek  modern design that will look sharp in any home  and it comes with a built-in FirstStage amplifier that’s built to optimize signal strength and minimize interruptions. It’s also very easy to set up  and it comes with a variety of mounting options and a 12-foot power cable.The bottom line is  if you're looking for a high-quality  amplified HDTV antenna  the Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro is hard to beat. It's not the cheapest option around  of course. But it’s the best bet for getting great reception out of your antenna  and it comes with a variety of features that make it easy to use and install.Winegard Elite 7550 0 See It2. Winegard Elite 7550The best outdoor TV antennaRange: 70 miles | Colors: Black | Type: Outdoor | Cable length: 3 feet | Dimensions: 5” x 17” x 30”The Winegard Elite 7550 stands out as an outstanding outdoor antenna designed for dual-band VHF/UHF reception. It’s ultra-durable  having been tested in wind tunnels that have clocked in at over 100 miles per hour. Additionally  the Winegard Elite 7550 has been proven to withstand extensive exposure to elements like rain  salt  and fog. The bottom line is  if you mount this outside your home  chances are it’s going to stay there.As an additional perk  the Winegard Elite 7550 can be paired with multiple TVs in the same residence. You’ll need a splitter to properly divide the signals between each display. But you won’t have to mount multiple antennas outside your home  which is a more important consideration for most folks.1byone Amplified HDTV Antenna 0 See It3. 1byone Amplified HDTV AntennaThe best budget TV antennaRange: 200 miles | Colors: White | Type: Indoor | Cable length: 16.5 feet | Dimensions: 13.6” x 2” x 10.4”The 1byone Amplified HDTV Antenna is a budget option for cord-cutters who want to add a few channels on the cheap. Technically  that “200 miles” specification is the antenna’s maximum range  so don’t expect to get a bunch of channels from that distance. But from a closer range  the 1byone is a reliable option that adds local channels to your existing  cable-free operation.The 1byone Amplified HDTV Antenna won’t get the range or consistent reception that more expensive alternatives can hang their hats on. It will  however  serve as a wallet-friendly replacement that will still allow you to access channels without a significant investment of any kind.Antennas Direct DB8-E 1 See It4.Antennas Direct DB8-EThe best heavy long-range TV antennaRange: 70 miles | Colors: Black | Type: Indoor/Outdoor | Cable length: 12 feet | Dimensions: 17.4” x 27.8” x 6”The Antennas Direct DB8-E is a rather unique addition to this list in that it thrives in both indoor and outdoor environments. It is a multi-directional antenna  which means it is more efficient at receiving signals from different directions. This makes it ideal for use in areas with a lot of signal obstruction  such as wooded environments or areas with tall buildings.The DB8-E is also wildly versatile  in that it can receive both VHF and UHF signals and be mounted on a variety of surfaces  including rooftops  poles  and trees. As the icing on the cake  the Antennas Direct DB8-E is also waterproof  so it can be used in all types of weather conditions.Antennas Direct ClearStream Flex 1 See It5. Antennas Direct ClearStream FlexThe best indoor antennaRange: 50 miles | Colors: Black  White | Type: Indoor | Cable length: 12 feet | Dimensions: 21” x .5” x 16”With the ability to stick to walls and windows and a solid built-in amplifier  the Antennas Direct ClearStream Flex doubles as an easy-to-install  capable antenna. Like others on this list  this antenna possesses multi-directional UHF/VHF elements  meaning you don’t have to aim it in a specific direction to catch a signal or land more channels.There may be higher-power alternatives out there  and there are even some on this list. But when it comes to selecting an exceptional indoor antenna that’s both easy to install and incredibly simple to use  the Antennas Direct ClearStream Flex is on a very short list. And while it arrives in an oft-imitated design  it features a level of performance that’s a lot harder to mimic.Channel Master FLATenna 35 0 See It6. Channel Master FLATenna 35The best value for a TV antennaRange: 35 miles | Colors: Black  White | Type: Indoor | Cable length: 12 feet | Dimensions: 9” x .12” x .25”If you’re looking for the TV antenna sweet spot  look no further than the Channel Master FLATenna 35. It’s not as bargain-bin priced as the 1byone  but it’s also nowhere near the high-end price (or performance) of the Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro. What it is  however  is a flat  low-profile antenna that is designed to provide reception for both VHF and UHF channels. Like most antennas  it is easy to install and can be mounted on a variety of surfaces  including walls  roofs  and eaves.Plus  as a small but underrated perk  the Channel Master FLATenna 35 can alternate between a black or white color  depending on which side of the antenna you stick to a window or wall. So  if you’re really invested in your antenna matching your decor  the Channel Master FLATenna 35 fits the bill while also being a unique value.,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.08,0.31,True,English,"['Best TV Antennas', 'Top Indoor', 'Outdoor Options', 'best heavy long-range TV antenna Range', 'The Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro', 'The 1byone Amplified HDTV Antenna', 'best budget TV antenna Range', 'best outdoor TV antenna Range', 'bunny ear-style TV toppers', 'high-quality, amplified HDTV antenna', 'best indoor antenna Range', 'The Antennas Direct DB8-E', 'Antennas Direct ClearStream Flex', 'TV antenna renaissance', 'outstanding outdoor antenna', 'Best TV Antennas', 'antenna overall Range', 'existing, cable-free operation', 'best streaming devices', 'dual-band VHF/UHF reception', 'The Winegard Elite', '4.Antennas Direct DB8-E', '12-foot power cable', 'solid, consistent reception', 'sleek, modern design', 'multi-directional UHF/VHF elements', 'The DB8-E', 'HDTV antennas', 'multi-directional antenna', 'budget option', 'best bet', 'outdoor environments', 'capable antenna', 'long range', 'maximum range', 'closer range', 'great reception', 'multiple antennas', 'streaming wars', 'streaming services', 'cable subscriptions', 'Cable length', 'different variations', 'right place', 'mounting options', 'bottom line', 'cheapest option', 'wind tunnels', 'extensive exposure', 'additional perk', 'multiple TVs', 'same residence', 'important consideration', 'most folks', 'reliable option', 'expensive alternatives', 'wallet-friendly replacement', 'significant investment', 'unique addition', 'different directions', 'wooded environments', 'tall buildings', 'weather conditions', 'specific direction', 'signal strength', 'signal obstruction', 'FirstStage amplifier', 'local channels', 'UHF signals', '200 miles” specification', '65 miles', '70 miles', '100 miles', '50 miles', 'number', 'pick', 'rise', 'people', 'masse', 'need', 'gap', 'yesteryear', 'ton', 'research', 'Colors', 'Type', '12 feet', 'Dimensions', 'list', 'status', 'home', 'interruptions', 'variety', 'features', '3 feet', 'hour', 'rain', 'salt', 'fog', 'splitter', 'display', '16.5 feet', 'cord-cutters', 'bunch', 'distance', 'hats', 'kind', 'use', 'areas', 'lot', 'surfaces', 'rooftops', 'poles', 'trees', 'icing', 'cake', 'Black', 'ability', 'walls', 'windows', 'others', '2.']",2023-07-15,2023-07-15,ign.com
27781,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/14/2704809/0/en/NOMINATION-OF-HERMIEN-SMEETS-FLIER-AS-CHIEF-FINANCIAL-OFFICER.html,NOMINATION OF HERMIEN SMEETS-FLIER AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER,NOMINATION OF HERMIEN SMEETS-FLIER AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER    Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces the...,NOMINATION OF HERMIEN SMEETS-FLIER AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICERAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces the nomination of Hermien Smeets-Flier for election as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of the Flow Traders Board.Hermien Smeets-Flier will join Flow Traders on 17 July 2023. Her nomination as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of the Flow Traders Board is subject to regulatory and shareholder approval. In her role as Chief Financial Officer  Hermien will be responsible and oversee the firm’s control functions including Finance  Compliance  Risk  Tax  Legal  Investor Relations and ESG. As a Board and Executive Committee member  Hermien will work in close collaboration with Trading and Technology and focus on supporting the execution of Flow Traders’ strategic agenda as well as further developing the control functions in light of the firm’s continued growth.Hermien has over 20 years of experience leading and scaling finance  risk  control and operational functions across insurance and asset management firms. She also has broad expertise in providing audit  financial and M&A advisory services to listed companies. Hermien has extensive board experience having served on several Supervisory and Management Boards and Risk and Audit committees during her career.Prior to joining Flow Traders  Hermien served as Chief Financial and Risk Officer and member of the Management Board at Achmea Investment Management  where she was responsible for the firm’s finance  operations  legal  risk and IT functions as well as managing Achmea IM’s regulatory agenda. Before that  she served as Chief Financial Officer at AEGIS London  during this role she also served as Deputy Chair of the Finance Committee of the Lloyd’s Market Association. Prior to joining AEGIS London  Hermien served as Chief Financial Officer at Amlin Underwriting Ltd. where she was part of the strategic transition of the firm through various M&A transactions. She started her career at KPMG  where for 15 years she provided audit  financial  and M&A advisory services to listed companies.The Board of Flow Traders has nominated Hermien for election as Executive Director to the Board at a Special General Meeting of shareholders scheduled to take place on 14 September 2023 at 14.00 CEST. The convening notice  agenda and other documentation relating to the meeting  as well as how to register  is available in English and can be found at: https://www.flowtraders.com/investors/corporate-governance/agmRudolf Ferscha  Chairman of the Board  commented:“On behalf of the Board  I would like to welcome Hermien to Flow Traders. She brings exceptionally broad experience in leading finance and control functions as well as in developing and contributing to international growth strategies within financial firms. She is a commercially driven leader with extensive boardroom experience and comes equipped with the understanding and mindset required to make impactful decisions and to champion the highest standards of corporate governance  all of which we believe will be extremely valuable to the development of Flow Traders.”Mike Kuehnel  CEO  added:“We are delighted to announce that Hermien will join Flow Traders as our CFO. As an experienced leader  Hermien brings with her a wealth of corporate finance  operational and risk expertise which we are confident will add tremendous value to our firm as we continue to focus on executing our ambitious growth strategy. Alongside her expertise in scaling and managing finance and control functions  her passion for developing teams and fostering talent is closely aligned with our firm’s ethos and we are looking forward to welcoming her to our firm.”Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Important Legal InformationThis publication is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this publication does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this publication are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This publication is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any statements contained in this publication to reflect any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based. Unless the source is otherwise stated  the market  economic and industry data in this publication constitute the estimates of our management  using underlying data from independent third parties. We have obtained market data and certain industry forecasts used in this publication from internal surveys  reports and studies  where appropriate  as well as market research  publicly available information and industry publications. The third party sources we have used generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed and that the projections they contain are based on a number of assumptions.By accepting this publication you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this publication.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER', 'HERMIEN SMEETS-FLIER', 'NOMINATION', 'leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'M&A advisory services', 'various M&A transactions', 'Flow Traders Flow Traders', 'Flow Traders’ strategic agenda', 'Amlin Underwriting Ltd', 'international growth strategies', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'other asset classes', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER', 'other financial instruments', 'extensive boardroom experience', 'asset management firms', 'Special General Meeting', 'Flow Traders Board', 'Achmea Investment Management', 'extensive board experience', 'Executive Committee member', 'Important Legal Information', 'financial firms', 'financial products', 'strategic transition', 'financial markets', 'leading finance', 'continued growth', 'other documentation', 'Risk Officer', 'Management Boards', 'Achmea IM', 'audit, financial', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'Executive Director', 'broad experience', 'Finance Committee', 'shareholder approval', 'control functions', 'close collaboration', 'listed companies', 'several Supervisory', 'IT functions', 'AEGIS London', 'Deputy Chair', 'Market Association', 'convening notice', 'Rudolf Ferscha', 'impactful decisions', 'highest standards', 'corporate governance', 'Mike Kuehnel', 'tremendous value', 'Eric Pan', 'Laura Peijs', 'uninterrupted functioning', 'market circumstances', 'major exchanges', 'team-oriented culture', 'regulatory agenda', 'information purposes', 'risk, control', 'broad expertise', 'Audit committees', 'finance, operations', 'corporate finance', 'Investor Relations', 'operational functions', 'experienced leader', 'trading desks', 'legal, risk', 'risk expertise', 'HERMIEN SMEETS-FLIER', 'NOMINATION', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'election', '17 July', 'role', 'Compliance', 'Tax', 'ESG', 'execution', 'light', '20 years', 'insurance', 'career', 'Lloyd', 'part', 'KPMG', '15 years', 'shareholders', 'place', '14 September', '14.00 CEST', 'English', 'flowtraders', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'agm', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'understanding', 'mindset', 'development', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'wealth', 'scaling', 'passion', 'teams', 'talent', 'ethos', 'Phone', 'Email', 'Media', 'ETPs', 'provision', 'organization', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'innovative', 'beginning', 'publication', 'recommendation', 'content']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,globenewswire.com
27782,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/14/2704874/0/en/VEON-s-Beeline-Kazakhstan-Deploys-Solar-Power-to-Connect-Remote-Areas.html,VEON’s Beeline Kazakhstan Deploys Solar Power to Connect Remote Areas,Equipment supports 4G network in 2 areas with scarce energy supply         Amsterdam  14 July 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam:......,Equipment supports 4G network in 2 areas with scarce energy supplyAmsterdam  14 July 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announced that its subsidiary Beeline Kazakhstan is investing in solar-powered network equipment to bridge the digital divide and offer 4G for all in remote parts of Kazakhstan.Kazakhstan  the world’s ninth largest country by area  has one of the lowest population densities. The solar-powered radio relay nods help connect base stations by ensuring transmission between parts of existing telecoms network  supporting the provision of 4G in remote areas. Each nod consists of 12 solar panels and in peak times produces 4 KwH energy  which is enough to ensure stable 4G voice and mobile internet connectivity in villages. Previously  these villages had no broadband connectivity due to low availability of electricity unsuitable for industrial equipment.“We are excited to be able to offer a technological solution which is environmentally sustainable and helps us deliver on our strategy of bridging the digital divide between big cities and small remote villages. With solar-powered connector nodes  we can rely on renewable energy to take our 4G everywhere  which in turn enables our customers to have access to education  financial services and entertainment” commented Evgeny Nastradin  the CEO of Beeline Kazakhstan.Beeline has already installed two radio relay connector nods in Karaganda and Aktobe regions of Kazakhstan and plan to install 11 more before the end of 2024.“Use of renewable energy  in this case  solar power  complements our work in energy resilience as a digital operator. This technology helps us offer connectivity to all people in remote villages that lack the infrastructure of big cities  in a variety of natural environments and weather conditions ” said Khusain Zhulduzbaev  chief engineer in Karaganda unit of Beeline Kazakhstan. “To achieve this unprecedented project the nods are equipped with batteries that can work in extreme temperatures.”About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam.For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comContact InformationVEONSenior Communications ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.02,0.5,True,English,"['Beeline Kazakhstan', 'Solar Power', 'Remote Areas', 'VEON', 'two radio relay connector nods', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'solar-powered radio relay nods', 'solar-powered connector nodes', 'six dynamic markets', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'existing telecoms network', 'greater digital inclusion', 'scarce energy supply', 'global digital operator', 'solar-powered network equipment', 'lowest population densities', 'mobile internet connectivity', 'stable 4G voice', 'small remote villages', 'subsidiary Beeline Kazakhstan', 'digital divide', '4G network', '4 KwH energy', 'renewable energy', 'energy resilience', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'largest country', 'base stations', '12 solar panels', 'peak times', 'broadband connectivity', 'low availability', 'industrial equipment', 'technological solution', 'big cities', 'financial services', 'Evgeny Nastradin', 'Aktobe regions', 'solar power', 'natural environments', 'weather conditions', 'Khusain Zhulduzbaev', 'chief engineer', 'unprecedented project', 'extreme temperatures', 'economic growth', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'remote parts', 'remote areas', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Karaganda unit', '160 million customers', 'Contact Information', 'Julian Tanner', 'VEON Ltd.', '2 areas', 'NASDAQ', 'world', 'transmission', 'provision', 'electricity', 'strategy', 'turn', 'access', 'education', 'entertainment', 'CEO', 'end', 'Use', 'case', 'technology', 'people', 'infrastructure', 'variety', 'batteries', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,globenewswire.com
27783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/14/2705070/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Regulated Information  Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 14  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company......,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 14  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on July 13  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of July 6  2023  it held 87 344 720 shares of the then outstanding 1 426 267 152 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (5%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.09,0.61,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Oxurion NV', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'July', '87,344,720 shares', '1,426,267,152 shares', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00', '32']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,globenewswire.com
27784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/9736182ec2731c15,Europe's first spot bitcoin ETF to launch this month,Europe's first bitcoin ETF is set to launch later this month  listed as BCOIN on Euronext Amsterdam. Jacobi Asset Management postponed a 2022 launch of the bitcoin ETF  citing last year's Terra Luna and FTX collapses as the reason for the delay. The firm said…,"Europe's first bitcoin ETF is set to launch later this month  listed as BCOIN on Euronext Amsterdam.Jacobi Asset Management postponed a 2022 launch of the bitcoin ETF  citing last year's Terra Luna and FTX collapses as the reason for the delay. The firm said it is now on track to launch later in July  as ""demand has shifted.""Jacobi first gained approval for the ETF from the…This story appeared on theblock.co   .",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['first spot bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'first bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Terra Luna', 'Europe', 'BCOIN', '2022 launch', 'FTX', 'reason', 'delay', 'firm', 'track', 'July', 'demand', 'approval', 'story']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,biztoc.com
27785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMER-INDUSTRIES-S-P-A-55886715/news/Comer-Industries-S-p-A-PUBLISHED-KEY-INFORMATION-RELATING-TO-THE-SHAREHOLDER-S-AGREEMENT-44341143/,Comer Industries S p A : PUBLISHED KEY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SHAREHOLDER'S AGREEMENT,(marketscreener.com) a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange and head of a Group that is a global leader in the design and production of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmission …,"PRESS RELEASEPUBLISHED KEY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENTReggiolo  July 14  2023 - Comer Industries S.p.A. (""Comer Industries"" or ""Company"" or ""Issuer"") - a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange and head of a Group that is a global leader in the design and production of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmission - announces that the essential information relating to the shareholders' agreement signed on 1 December 2021 and subsequently amended on 14 June 2023 between Comer Industries SpA and the shareholders Eagles Oak Srl and WPG Parent BV  effective starting from the date of commencement of trading of Comer Industries SpA shares on Euronext Milan (which took place on 12 July 2023) ("" Shareholders Agreement "" or "" Agreement "") have been made available at the registered office  on the website of the Company at www.comerindustries.com  Investor Relations / Shareholders' Agreement section   as well as on the centralized storage mechanism authorized by Consob E-Market Storage (www.emarketstorage.it).***This press release is also available on the company's website at www.comerindustries.com  in the Investor Relations section.***Comer Industries  with registered office in Reggiolo (Reggio Emilia  Italy) and listed on Borsa Italiana's Euronext Milan market  is the world leader in the design and manufacture of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmissions. The company operates in the fields of agricultural machinery  construction  wind power  and electric vehicle motors and transmissions. Founded in 1970  Comer Industries has grown over the years and today has 18 production sites worldwide and around 4 000 employees. Corporate website: www.comerindustries.com.Contacts: Comer Industries - Investor Relations Barabino & Partners - Media Relations Alessandro Brizzi Ferdinando de Bellis Carlotta Bernardi ir@comerindustries.com f.debellis@barabino.it c.bernardi@barabino.it +39 0522 974111 +39 339 1872266 +39 333 94778141",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Comer Industries', 'KEY INFORMATION', 'THE', 'SHAREHOLDER', 'AGREEMENT', 'Media Relations Alessandro Brizzi Ferdinando de Bellis Carlotta Bernardi', 'Comer Industries S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan segment', 'Comer Industries SpA shares', 'Investor Relations section', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'advanced engineering systems', 'Eagles Oak Srl', 'WPG Parent BV', 'centralized storage mechanism', 'Consob E-Market Storage', 'Euronext Milan market', 'electric vehicle motors', 'Investor Relations Barabino', ""Shareholders' Agreement section"", 'PRESS RELEASE', 'KEY INFORMATION', 'global leader', 'mechatronic solutions', 'power transmission', 'essential information', 'Shareholders Agreement', 'Reggio Emilia', 'Borsa Italiana', 'world leader', 'agricultural machinery', 'wind power', 'registered office', '18 production sites', 'Corporate website', 'transmissions', 'THE', 'Reggiolo', 'Company', 'Issuer', 'head', 'Group', 'design', '1 December', '14 June', 'date', 'commencement', 'trading', 'place', '12 July', 'Italy', 'manufacture', 'fields', 'construction', 'years', '4,000 employees', 'Contacts', 'Partners']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROWENS-S-P-A-17039534/news/Growens-S-p-A-Verification-of-the-condition-precedent-to-the-change-of-corporate-purpose-Informat-44337450/,Growens S p A : Verification of the condition precedent to the change of corporate purpose. Information for exercising the right of withdrawal,(marketscreener.com)   Milan  13 July  2023 - Growens S.p.A. -GROW   a company admitted to trading on the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Milan and operating in the cloud marketing technology field  following the press releases issued today on…,"Milan  13 July  2023 - Growens S.p.A. -GROW (the ""Company"" or the ""Issuer"" or ""Growens"")  a company admitted to trading on the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Milan and operating in the cloud marketing technology field  following the press releases issued today on the closing of the Email Service Provider Business  announces that the condition precedent was verified to the change of the corporate purpose introducing typical holding activities  as resolved by the extraordinary general shareholders meeting on 9 March 2023 (the ""Statutory Amendment"").Consequently  non-concurring shareholders are effectively entitled to the right of withdrawal of all or part of their stake  according to art. 2437  par. 1  lett. A) of the Italian civil code (the ""Right of Withdrawal"").Furthermore  according to art. 127-bis  par. 2 and 3  of d. lgs. 58/1998 (""TUF"")  a shareholder who has not participated in the general shareholders meeting's resolution (and therefore is entitled to exercise the Right of Withdrawal) is also considered to be the shareholder in whose name the company shares are registered (i) after the date specified in art. 83-sexies  par. 2  of the TUF (i.e.  the record date) and (ii) before the opening of Growens' extraordinary general shareholders meeting called to deliberate on the Statutory Amendment.As stated in the Directors Memorandum prepared in accordance with art. 2437-ter of the Civil Code and made available to shareholders on 22 February 2023  the liquidation value of Growens shares for which the Right of Withdrawal is exercised has been determined by the Board of Directors at €4.39 per share (the ""Liquidation Value"").The Right of Withdrawal may be exercised by eligible shareholders  for all or part of the shares held  through a written declaration (the ""Withdrawal Notice"") within 15 calendar days from the date of verification of the suspensive condition mentioned above  and therefore by 28 July 2023(the ""Deadline""). Under the Italian civil code  the Withdrawal Notice must be sent by registered letterto the registered office of the Company at Via Pola n. 9 - 20124 Milan (MI)  with the subject ""Withdrawal Communication"".However  for the purpose of expediting the withdrawal procedure  if possible (and in order to facilitate the rights of withdrawing shareholders)  it is recommended that eligible shareholders send the Withdrawal Notice in advance by certified email to legal@pec.growens.io and/or by regular email to legal@growens.io.It should be noted that this submission cannot be considered as a substitute for the methods prescribed by law  and therefore the Withdrawal Notice must be sent to the Company exclusively (and failure to do so will render it inadmissible) by registered letter.The Withdrawal Notice must compulsorily and under penalty of forfeiture contain the following information:(i) personal data  tax code  address (and  if possible  a telephone number and an email address) for communications related to the procedure;(ii) the number of shares for which the Right of Withdrawal is exercised;(iii) the details and coordinates of the bank account of the withdrawing shareholder to which the Liquidation Value of the shares will be credited; and(iv) the indication of the intermediary with whom the account on which the shares for which the Right of Withdrawal is exercised are registered  along with the data relating to said account.Please note that  considering the dematerialization regime of Growens shares  the entitlement to exercise the Right of Withdrawal under art. 2437 of the Italian civil code is evidenced by a communication from the intermediary to the Issuer  pursuant to art. 43 of the Consolidated Regulation on post-trading activities issued by Consob and the Bank of Italy on 13 August 2018  which includes  among other things  the regulations for centralized management activities.Therefore  Growens shareholders intending to exercise the Right of Withdrawal must request their intermediary  failing which the Withdrawal Notice will be inadmissible  to send said communication to Growens within the Deadline.The intermediary's communication must certify:uninterrupted ownership  in the name of the withdrawing shareholder  of the Growens shares for which the Right of Withdrawal is exercised from the date of the extraordinary general shareholders meeting (i.e.  from 9 March 2023) until the date of exercising the Right of Withdrawal or  if later  until the date of issuance of the communication;absence of a pledge or other encumbrance on the Growens shares for which the Right of Withdrawal is exercised; otherwise  as a condition for the admissibility of the Withdrawal Notice  the withdrawing shareholder must submit to Growens  within the Deadline  a separate declaration from the pledge creditor or the party holding any other encumbrance on the shares  granting their irrevocable consent to the liquidation of the shares subject to withdrawal in accordance with the instructions of the withdrawing shareholder.Withdrawal Notices submitted after the Deadline  not in compliance with the aforementioned provisions  lacking necessary information  or not accompanied by the required declarations in a timely manner  will be inadmissible and  in any case  ineffective.It is the responsibility of withdrawing shareholders to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in the respective Withdrawal Notices and to send them within the Deadline for the valid exercise of the right of withdrawal  being understood that the Company assumes no responsibility in this regard.According to art. 2437-bis of the Italian civil code and applicable regulatory provisions  the shares subject to the Withdrawal Notice will be made unavailableby the intermediary itself until their liquidation.The liquidation procedure of the shares for which the Right of Withdrawal has been exercised will be carried out in accordance with the provisions of art. 2437-quater of the Italian civil code.In particular  the Directors of the Company will offer the shares for which the Right of Withdrawal is exercised as an option to other shareholders who have not exercised their right of withdrawal  in proportion to the shares they respectively hold. For the aforementioned option offer  a period of not less than 30 days from the date of deposit with the competent company register will be granted  as required by law.If shareholders do not purchase  either in whole or in part  the shares for which the Right of Withdrawal has been exercised  the Directors of the Company may place them with third parties or repurchase them on behalf of the Company.If the placement as described above is not carried out within 180 days from the submission of the Withdrawal Notice  the remaining shares of the withdrawing shareholders will be repurchased by the Company at a price equal to their respective Liquidation Value.The Company will provide all relevant information in accordance with the procedures prescribed by applicable laws and regulations  and on the website www.growens.io.For further information regarding the Right of Withdrawal  reference is made to the Directors' Memorandum of the Board of Directors on the liquidation value made available to shareholders  together with the opinions expressed by the Board of Statutory Auditors and the audit company BDO Italia S.p.A.  in accordance with the procedures and terms provided by applicable regulations  as well as on the Company's website www.growens.io.Download the press release",neutral,0.14,0.85,0.02,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Growens S', 'corporate purpose', 'Verification', 'condition', 'change', 'Information', 'right', 'withdrawal', ""Growens' extraordinary general shareholders meeting"", 'cloud marketing technology field', 'Email Service Provider Business', 'Growens S.p.A.', 'multilateral trading facility', 'typical holding activities', 'centralized management activities', 'Italian civil code', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'The Withdrawal Notice', 'Growens shareholders', 'post-trading activities', 'non-concurring shareholders', 'eligible shareholders', 'tax code', 'regular email', 'growens.io', 'press releases', 'Statutory Amendment', 'd. lgs.', '15 calendar days', 'registered letterto', 'registered office', 'Via Pola', 'following information', 'dematerialization regime', 'Consolidated Regulation', 'other things', 'uninterrupted ownership', 'other encumbrance', 'irrevocable consent', 'liquidation value', 'email address', 'condition precedent', 'suspensive condition', 'withdrawing shareholder', 'Growens shares', 'corporate purpose', 'Directors Memorandum', 'personal data', 'telephone number', 'separate declaration', 'pledge creditor', 'Withdrawal Notices', 'record date', 'withdrawal procedure', 'bank account', 'company shares', 'Issuer', 'closing', 'change', '9 March', 'right', 'part', 'stake', 'art.', 'par.', 'TUF', 'resolution', 'name', 'opening', 'accordance', '22 February', 'Board', 'written', 'verification', '28 July', 'Deadline', 'subject', 'Communication', 'order', 'advance', 'submission', 'substitute', 'methods', 'law', 'failure', 'penalty', 'forfeiture', 'details', 'coordinates', 'indication', 'intermediary', 'entitlement', 'Consob', 'Italy', '13 August', 'regulations', 'issuance', 'absence', 'admissibility', 'instructions', 'compliance']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMER-INDUSTRIES-S-P-A-55886715/news/Comer-Industries-S-p-A-NOTICE-OF-FILING-OF-THE-BY-LAWS-44341142/,Comer Industries S p A : NOTICE OF FILING OF THE BY-LAWS,(marketscreener.com) a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange and head of a Group that is a global leader in the design and production of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmission …,"PRESS RELEASENOTICE OF FILING OF THE BY-LAWSReggiolo  July 14  2023 - Comer Industries S.p.A. (""Comer Industries"" or ""Company"" or ""Issuer"") - a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange and head of a Group that is a global leader in the design and production of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmission - announces that the Company's Articles of Association  registered with the Reggio Emilia Business Register on 14 July 2023  have been made available to the public  pursuant to current legislation  at the registered office   on the Company's website at www.comerindustries.com  Investor RelationsBy-Laws section  as well as on the centralized storage mechanism authorized by Consob E-Market Storage (www.emarketstorage.it).***This press release is also available on the company's website at www.comerindustries.com  in the Investor Relations section.***Comer Industries  with registered office in Reggiolo (Reggio Emilia  Italy) and listed on Borsa Italiana's Euronext Milan market  is the world leader in the design and manufacture of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmissions. The company operates in the fields of agricultural machinery  construction  wind power  and electric vehicle motors and transmissions. Founded in 1970  Comer Industries has grown over the years and today has 18 production sites worldwide and around 4 000 employees. Corporate website: www.comerindustries.com.Contacts: Comer Industries - Investor Relations Barabino & Partners - Media Relations Alessandro Brizzi Ferdinando de Bellis Carlotta Bernardi ir@comerindustries.com f.debellis@barabino.it c.bernardi@barabino.it +39 0522 974111 +39 339 1872266 +39 333 94778141",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Comer Industries S', 'NOTICE', 'FILING', 'LAWS', 'Media Relations Alessandro Brizzi Ferdinando de Bellis Carlotta Bernardi', 'Comer Industries S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan segment', 'Reggio Emilia Business Register', 'Euronext Milan market', 'Investor Relations section', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'advanced engineering systems', 'centralized storage mechanism', 'Consob E-Market Storage', 'electric vehicle motors', 'Investor Relations Barabino', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'global leader', 'mechatronic solutions', 'power transmission', 'current legislation', 'Laws section', 'Borsa Italiana', 'world leader', 'agricultural machinery', 'wind power', 'registered office', '18 production sites', 'Corporate website', 'transmissions', 'NOTICE', 'FILING', 'Reggiolo', 'Company', 'Issuer', 'head', 'Group', 'design', 'Articles', 'Association', '14 July', 'public', 'Italy', 'manufacture', 'fields', 'construction', 'years', '4,000 employees', 'Contacts', 'Partners']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/8e160b51f0b65316,First Spot Bitcoin ETF in Europe by Jacobi Is Finally Launching This Month,Coinspeaker First Spot Bitcoin ETF in Europe by Jacobi Is Finally Launching This Month The first spot Bitcoin ETF is finally launching this month after experiencing a year-long delay. London-based multi-asset investment platform Jacobi Asset Management got th…,CoinspeakerFirst Spot Bitcoin ETF in Europe by Jacobi Is Finally Launching This MonthThe first spot Bitcoin ETF is finally launching this month after experiencing a year-long delay. London-based multi-asset investment platform Jacobi Asset Management got the green light from the Guernsey financial regulator in October 2021 to launch its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF on Euronext…This story appeared on coinspeaker.com   .,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Jacobi', 'London-based multi-asset investment platform', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Guernsey financial regulator', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'year-long delay', 'green light', 'Coinspeaker', 'Europe', 'October', 'Euronext', 'story']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,biztoc.com
27789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement-44335653/,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)         Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023  Bekaert announced the start of the sixth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maxi…,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the sixth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Sixth Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 54 282 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the sixth tranche of the Program during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 6 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 089 42.75 43.10 42.28 217 555 MTF CBOE 3 186 42.74 43.08 42.24 136 170 MTF Turquoise 801 42.78 43.12 42.32 34 267 MTF Aquis 1 025 42.75 43.08 42.32 43 819 7 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 362 42.86 43.10 42.38 229 815 MTF CBOE 3 743 42.86 43.08 42.40 160 425 MTF Turquoise 891 42.88 43.08 42.44 38 206 MTF Aquis 1 060 42.87 43.10 42.36 45 442 10 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 382 43.42 43.70 42.92 233 686 MTF CBOE 3 775 43.46 43.68 42.88 164 062 MTF Turquoise 874 43.40 43.68 42.88 37 932 MTF Aquis 1 015 43.48 43.72 42.88 44 132 11 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 316 44.21 44.56 43.72 235 020 MTF CBOE 3 725 44.23 44.56 43.76 164 757 MTF Turquoise 850 44.22 44.56 43.74 37 587 MTF Aquis 945 44.24 44.58 43.78 41 807 12 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 510 44.16 44.58 43.56 243 322 MTF CBOE 3 696 44.20 44.58 43.56 163 363 MTF Turquoise 986 44.22 44.60 43.52 43 601 MTF Aquis 1 051 44.24 44.60 43.56 46 496 Total 54 282 43.50 44.60 42.24 2 361 464Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 6 002 shares during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 10 200 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 July 2023 3 600 42.48 42.70 42.24 152 928 7 July 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 July 2023 402 42.80 42.80 42.80 17 206 11 July 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 12 July 2023 2 000 43.88 44.02 43.70 87 760 Total 6 002 257 894Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 July 2023 400 43.00 43.00 43.00 17 200 7 July 2023 2 000 42.91 43.08 42.60 85 820 10 July 2023 2 400 43.35 43.60 43.10 104 040 11 July 2023 1 600 43.98 44.20 43.80 70 368 12 July 2023 3 800 44.45 44.60 44.30 168 910 Total 10 200 446 338The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 40 721 shares.On 12 July 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 383 040 own shares  or 4.26% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.38,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'total number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'sixth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '54 282 shares', '6 002 shares', '10 200 shares', '40 721 shares', 'Update', '6 July', '12 July', '10 May', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', '10 July', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '383 040']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27790,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/14/2704816/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023  Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023 ......,English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the sixth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Sixth Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 54 282 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the sixth tranche of the Program during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 6 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 089 42.75 43.10 42.28 217 555 MTF CBOE 3 186 42.74 43.08 42.24 136 170 MTF Turquoise 801 42.78 43.12 42.32 34 267 MTF Aquis 1 025 42.75 43.08 42.32 43 819 7 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 362 42.86 43.10 42.38 229 815 MTF CBOE 3 743 42.86 43.08 42.40 160 425 MTF Turquoise 891 42.88 43.08 42.44 38 206 MTF Aquis 1 060 42.87 43.10 42.36 45 442 10 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 382 43.42 43.70 42.92 233 686 MTF CBOE 3 775 43.46 43.68 42.88 164 062 MTF Turquoise 874 43.40 43.68 42.88 37 932 MTF Aquis 1 015 43.48 43.72 42.88 44 132 11 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 316 44.21 44.56 43.72 235 020 MTF CBOE 3 725 44.23 44.56 43.76 164 757 MTF Turquoise 850 44.22 44.56 43.74 37 587 MTF Aquis 945 44.24 44.58 43.78 41 807 12 July 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 510 44.16 44.58 43.56 243 322 MTF CBOE 3 696 44.20 44.58 43.56 163 363 MTF Turquoise 986 44.22 44.60 43.52 43 601 MTF Aquis 1 051 44.24 44.60 43.56 46 496 Total 54 282 43.50 44.60 42.24 2 361 464Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 6 002 shares during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 10 200 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 6 July 2023 to 12 July 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 July 2023 3 600 42.48 42.70 42.24 152 928 7 July 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 July 2023 402 42.80 42.80 42.80 17 206 11 July 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 12 July 2023 2 000 43.88 44.02 43.70 87 760 Total 6 002 257 894Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 July 2023 400 43.00 43.00 43.00 17 200 7 July 2023 2 000 42.91 43.08 42.60 85 820 10 July 2023 2 400 43.35 43.60 43.10 104 040 11 July 2023 1 600 43.98 44.20 43.80 70 368 12 July 2023 3 800 44.45 44.60 44.30 168 910 Total 10 200 446 338The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 40 721 shares.On 12 July 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 383 040 own shares  or 4.26% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'total number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'sixth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '54 282 shares', '6 002 shares', '10 200 shares', '40 721 shares', 'Update', '6 July', '12 July', '10 May', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', '10 July', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '383 040']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,globenewswire.com
27791,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-s-Beeline-Kazakhstan-Deploys-Solar-Power-to-Connect-Remote-Areas-44338111/,VEON's Beeline Kazakhstan Deploys Solar Power to Connect Remote Areas,(marketscreener.com) Equipment supports 4G network in 2 areas with scarce energy supply  Amsterdam  14 July 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announced that its subsidiary Beeline Kazak…,Equipment supports 4G network in 2 areas with scarce energy supplyAmsterdam  14 July 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announced that its subsidiary Beeline Kazakhstan is investing in solar-powered network equipment to bridge the digital divide and offer 4G for all in remote parts of Kazakhstan.Kazakhstan  the world’s ninth largest country by area  has one of the lowest population densities. The solar-powered radio relay nods help connect base stations by ensuring transmission between parts of existing telecoms network  supporting the provision of 4G in remote areas. Each nod consists of 12 solar panels and in peak times produces 4 KwH energy  which is enough to ensure stable 4G voice and mobile internet connectivity in villages. Previously  these villages had no broadband connectivity due to low availability of electricity unsuitable for industrial equipment.“We are excited to be able to offer a technological solution which is environmentally sustainable and helps us deliver on our strategy of bridging the digital divide between big cities and small remote villages. With solar-powered connector nodes  we can rely on renewable energy to take our 4G everywhere  which in turn enables our customers to have access to education  financial services and entertainment” commented Evgeny Nastradin  the CEO of Beeline Kazakhstan.Beeline has already installed two radio relay connector nods in Karaganda and Aktobe regions of Kazakhstan and plan to install 11 more before the end of 2024.“Use of renewable energy  in this case  solar power  complements our work in energy resilience as a digital operator. This technology helps us offer connectivity to all people in remote villages that lack the infrastructure of big cities  in a variety of natural environments and weather conditions ” said Khusain Zhulduzbaev  chief engineer in Karaganda unit of Beeline Kazakhstan. “To achieve this unprecedented project the nods are equipped with batteries that can work in extreme temperatures.”About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam.For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comContact InformationVEONSenior Communications ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.02,0.5,True,English,"['Beeline Kazakhstan', 'Solar Power', 'Remote Areas', 'VEON', 'two radio relay connector nods', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'solar-powered radio relay nods', 'solar-powered connector nodes', 'six dynamic markets', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'existing telecoms network', 'greater digital inclusion', 'scarce energy supply', 'global digital operator', 'solar-powered network equipment', 'lowest population densities', 'mobile internet connectivity', 'stable 4G voice', 'small remote villages', 'subsidiary Beeline Kazakhstan', 'digital divide', '4G network', '4 KwH energy', 'renewable energy', 'energy resilience', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'largest country', 'base stations', '12 solar panels', 'peak times', 'broadband connectivity', 'low availability', 'industrial equipment', 'technological solution', 'big cities', 'financial services', 'Evgeny Nastradin', 'Aktobe regions', 'solar power', 'natural environments', 'weather conditions', 'Khusain Zhulduzbaev', 'chief engineer', 'unprecedented project', 'extreme temperatures', 'economic growth', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'remote parts', 'remote areas', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Karaganda unit', '160 million customers', 'Contact Information', 'Julian Tanner', 'VEON Ltd.', '2 areas', 'NASDAQ', 'world', 'transmission', 'provision', 'electricity', 'strategy', 'turn', 'access', 'education', 'entertainment', 'CEO', 'end', 'Use', 'case', 'technology', 'people', 'infrastructure', 'variety', 'batteries', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27792,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROWENS-S-P-A-17039534/news/Growens-S-p-A-The-Board-of-Directors-passed-guidelines-for-a-voluntary-partial-purchase-offer-on-G-44337437/,Growens S p A : The Board of Directors passed guidelines for a voluntary partial purchase offer on Growens ordinary shares at a price of Euro 6.80 per share (for a maximum total consideration of Euro 18.0 million) to be submitted to the ordinary general shareholders' meeting for approval,(marketscreener.com)   Milan  13 July  2023 - Growens S.p.A. -GROW   a company admitted to trading on the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Milan and operating in the cloud marketing technology field  announces that the Board of Directors conven…,"Milan  13 July  2023- Growens S.p.A. -GROW (the ""Company"" or the ""Issuer"" or ""Growens"")  a company admitted to trading on the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Milan and operating in the cloud marketing technology field  announces that the Board of Directors convened today to pass the guidelines for a partial voluntary takeover bid on Growens ordinary shares  subject to the ordinary general shareholders' meeting approval.DEAL STRUCTUREAccording to the Board resolution  Growens intends to launch  pursuant to articles 102 and following of Legislative Decree 58/98 (""TUF"")  subject to obtaining specific authorization from the ordinary general shareholders' meeting in accordance with article 2357 of the Civil Code  a voluntary partial purchase offer for a maximum of n. 2 647 058 ordinary shares (no nominal value)  corresponding to about 17.2% of the total issued ordinary shares (the ""Offer"") at a price of Euro 6.80 per share (the ""Consideration"") and thus for a maximum total amount of Euro 17 999 994.40 (the ""Maximum Outlay"").The Consideration incorporates a premium of 12.8% over the official price of Growens ordinary shares recorded on 12 July 2023  the last open market day prior to this announcement  as well as a premium of 8.2%  15.7%  19.4% and 22.2% over the weighted average of the official prices of Growens ordinary shares respectively for the periods of 1 month  3 months  6 months and 12 months prior to 12 July 2023.As of the date of this announcement  the Issuer's share capital amounts to Euro 384 833.58 divided into n. 15 393 343 ordinary shares  without a stated nominal value  and the Company holds a total of n. 62 583 treasury shares  representing about 0.407% of its share capital. Therefore  in the event of full acceptance of the Offer  the Company will hold a total of n. 2 709 641 treasury shares corresponding to about 17.603% of the total issued shares (thus  even in case of full acceptance of the Offer  the limit of one-fifth of the capital provided by applicable regulatory legislation will still be respected).The actual promotion of the Offer is subject to the approval of Growens ordinary general shareholders' meeting for specific authorization to purchase own shares pursuant to article 2357 of the Civil Code. In order to avoid overlaps between the authorization to purchase and dispose of treasury shares granted by the general shareholders' meeting on 20 April 2023  and the new authorization necessary for the promotion of the Offer  along with the latter  the next ordinary general shareholders' meeting will have to resolve on revoking the authorization granted on 20 April 2023  which  in any case  the Board of Directors did not exercise.Please note that today the sale of Growens' Email Service Provider business to Teamsystem S.p.A. was closed (as per the related announcement issued separately) and  consequently  the condition precedent related to the modification of the Issuer's corporate purpose approved by the general shareholders' meeting on 9 March 2023 has been met  thus initiating the period for the exercise of the withdrawal right by non-concurring shareholders in the aforementioned statutory amendment (the ""Right of Withdrawal"") which may be followed by the liquidation procedure for the shares for which the Right of Withdrawal was validly exercised.In consideration of the above  the Board of Directors resolved to convene the ordinary general shareholders' meeting for the new authorization necessary for the promotion of the Offer  tentatively within mid-September 2023  on a date - which will be duly disclosed to the market under applicable laws and regulations - therefore subsequent to the end of the period for the exercise of the Right of Withdrawal and any option offer procedure pursuant to article 2437-quater of the Civil Code  aiming at taking into account the actual number of withdrawn shares plus any liquidation costs charged to the Company as well as for the additional reasons specified below.In accordance with the provisions of article 2357  par. 1 of the Civil Code  which allows the purchase of own shares within the limits of distributable earnings and available reserves resulting from the latest duly approved financial statements  the Issuer's financial statements as of 31 December 2022  approved by the general shareholders' meeting on 20 April 2023  show distributable earnings and/or available reserves for a total of Euro 18 207 316.39  hence a higher amount than the Maximum Outlay of the Offer.The Consideration will be paid entirely in cash and the Company will meet its payment obligations related to the Offer using the proceeds from the sale of the Email Service Provider business completed today.If the number of ordinary shares submitted for acceptance to the Offer should be higher than the maximum n. 2 647 058 shares subject to the Offer  allocation will be made according to the ""pro-rata"" method: in particular  the Company will purchase from all shareholders accepting the Offer the same proportion of ordinary shares submitted for acceptance to the Offer and such proportion will be determined on the basis of a specific rate equal to the ratio between the maximum n. 2 647 058 shares subject to the Offer and the total number of shares submitted for acceptance to the Offer.The Board of Directors plans the Offer to be conditional  inter alia  upon (i) the non-occurrence of extraordinary events and situations at a domestic and/or international level resulting in serious changes in the political  financial  economic  currency and/or market situation that may have adverse effects on the conditions of the activities and/or on the asset  economic and/or financial conditions of Growens and/or its Group and to the non-adoption of acts and/or measures that may limit or make the Offer more expensive for the Company  (ii) the circumstance that on the second open market day preceding the date of payment of the Consideration  the official price of Growens ordinary shares is not less than Euro 5.50. Additional conditions may be added to the effectiveness of the Offer as part of the announcement functional to the promotion of the Offer pursuant to article 102 of the TUF.The Offer will not be conditional upon reaching a minimum number of acceptances.DEAL RATIONALEAs anticipated  today the sale of Growens' Email Service Provider business to Teamsystem S.p.A. was completed for a total consideration of Euro 76.7 million.The Issuer's Board of Directors carefully evaluated possible uses of such resources  coming to believe that  also in consideration of the trend of stock market prices  using part of these proceeds to purchase treasury shares represents a convenient investment opportunity both for the Issuer and its shareholders.Through the Offer  the Board of Directors aims to achieve an improvement in the financial ratios per share  resulting from the Offer  in terms of an increase in (i) earnings per share and (ii) dividend per share on equal terms  respectively  of income and dividend.In addition  after the completion of the Offer  the Company would acquire a substantial number of its own shares that could be used by Growens within operations connected to its characteristic business  i.e. projects consistent with the corporate strategic lines  in relation to which the opportunity for extraordinary finance operations and/or other uses considered of financial-management and strategic interest for the Company materializes  with the aim of closing corporate integrations with potential strategic partners  exchanges of shares or agreements of a commercial and/or professional nature considered strategic for Growens.Finally  the Offer will represent a useful tool for Growens shareholders to immediately liquidate their investment  in whole or in part.TENTATIVE TIMELINEAccording to the Board resolution  the ordinary general shareholders' meeting for the approval of the authorization pursuant to article 2357 of the Civil Code necessary for the promotion of the Offer will be convened by mid-September 2023  hence after the end of the exercise period for the Right of Withdrawal and the option offer period for any shares subject to withdrawal. This is intended both to provide the Board of Directors greater visibility with respect to any liquidation costs of the withdrawn shares that may have to be borne by the Company and to facilitate greater participation of Growens' shareholders in said shareholder resolution  also aiming at reaching the majorities provided by art. 44-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/99 (the ""Issuers Regulation""). According to this regulatory provision  in case of authorization resolution for the purchase of own shares also approved with the favorable vote of the majority of shareholders present at the meeting greater than 10%  other than the (relative / joint) majority shareholder or shareholders (so-called whitewash)  the treasury shares purchased by the Company in execution of this authorization will not be excluded from the share capital (and therefore from the denominator of the total issued shares) on which the relevant participation is calculated for the purposes of art. 106 of TUF regarding the public purchase offer.Following the shareholders' authorization  Growens' Board of Directors will promptly take the necessary resolutions for the promotion of the Offer pursuant to art. 102 of the TUF.It is expected that  consistently with the acquisition of the necessary authorizations  the Offer could start after the times required for the approval of the Offer documentation by Consob and could be completed by the end of the current fiscal year.RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN WITHDRAWAL AND OFFERPlease note that:(i) the Consideration of the Offer will equal Euro 6.80 per share;(ii) the unit liquidation value of the shares for which the Right of Withdrawal is exercised has been determined by the Board of Directors  with the positive opinion of the board of statutory auditors and the independent audit firm  at Euro 4.39 for each share subject to withdrawal.In accordance with the provisions of art. 2437-bis  par. 2  of the Civil Code  the shares for which the Right of Withdrawal has been exercised cannot be transferred and they will be made unavailable until their liquidation (without prejudice to the possibility for the withdrawing shareholder to exercise the voting right pertaining to such shares).As a consequence  Growens' shareholders who  being entitled to do so  decide to exercise the Right of Withdrawal  will not be able to adhere to the Offer with the shares for which they have exercised the Right of Withdrawal.For more information on how to exercise the Right of Withdrawal  please refer to the Directors memorandum on the proposed general shareholders' meeting resolution prepared for the general shareholders' meeting of 9 March 2023 and to the report pursuant to art. 2437-ter of the Civil Code  both available on the Issuer's website www.growens.io  News/Press Releases section.Download the press release",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['voluntary partial purchase offer', ""ordinary general shareholders' meeting"", 'Growens ordinary shares', 'maximum total consideration', 'Growens S', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', 'guidelines', 'price', 'Euro', 'approval', ""next ordinary general shareholders' meeting"", ""ordinary general shareholders' meeting approval"", ""Growens ordinary general shareholders' meeting"", 'cloud marketing technology field', 'partial voluntary takeover bid', 'Email Service Provider business', 'Teamsystem S.p.A.', 'Growens S.p.A.', 'voluntary partial purchase offer', 'multilateral trading facility', 'applicable regulatory legislation', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'last open market', 'Growens ordinary shares', 'option offer procedure', 'maximum total amount', 'maximum n. 2,647,058 shares', 'concurring shareholders', '2,647,058 ordinary shares', '15,393,343 ordinary shares', 'liquidation procedure', 'applicable laws', 'higher amount', 'Maximum Outlay', 'DEAL STRUCTURE', 'Legislative Decree', 'Civil Code', 'nominal value', 'official prices', 'condition precedent', 'corporate purpose', 'statutory amendment', 'liquidation costs', 'additional reasons', 'distributable earnings', 'available reserves', 'financial statements', 'payment obligations', 'pro-rata"" method', 'same proportion', '62,583 treasury shares', '2,709,641 treasury shares', 'specific authorization', 'new authorization', 'full acceptance', 'actual number', 'share capital', 'actual promotion', 'related announcement', 'Board resolution', 'withdrawal right', 'Company', 'Issuer', 'Directors', 'guidelines', 'articles', 'TUF', 'accordance', 'Consideration', 'The', 'premium', '12 July', 'average', 'periods', '1 month', '3 months', '6 months', 'date', 'event', 'case', 'limit', 'one-fifth', 'order', 'overlaps', '20 April', 'sale', 'modification', '9 March', 'exercise', 'non', 'mid-September', 'regulations', 'account', 'provisions', 'par.', '31 December', 'cash', 'proceeds', 'allocation']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COCA-COLA-EUROPACIFIC-PAR-27862553/news/Coca-Cola-Europacific-Partners-Oferta-P-blica-de-Distribuicao-de-acoes-reservada-a-trabalhadores-d-44339652/,Coca Cola Europacific Partners : Oferta Pública de Distribuição de ações reservada a trabalhadores da Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC - Resultados da Oferta,(marketscreener.com)   13 July 2023   Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc   a company incorporated in the UK  registered with nr. 9717350 and with head-office in   Pemberton House  Bakers Road  Uxbridge  United Kingdom  UB8 1EZ   Employee share p…,"13 July 2023Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plca company incorporated in the UK  registered with nr. 9717350 and with head-office inPemberton House  Bakers Road  Uxbridge  United Kingdom  UB8 1EZEmployee share purchase plan (""ESPP"") information document for certain employees of Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc certain subsidiaries under the ESPP International sub-planResults of the Offer in PortugalPursuant to article 127 of the Portuguese Securities Code and regarding the above offer  the offering results in Portugal between 6 March 2023 and 17 March 2023 were the following and are hereby disclosed:ISIN Code Number of shares Share price (average) Total shares price GB00BDCPN049 516.552696 USD 64.585530 USD 33 361.83Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc share capital is listed on the NASDAQ  the Euronext Amsterdam  the London Stock Exchange (standard listing)  and the Barcelona  Bilbao  Madrid and Valencia stock exchanges.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Coca Cola Europacific Partners', 'Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC', 'Oferta Pública', 'Distribuição', 'ações', 'trabalhadores', 'Resultados', 'Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc share capital', 'Employee share purchase plan', 'shares Share price', 'ESPP"") information document', 'ESPP International sub-plan', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'ISIN Code Number', 'Total shares price', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Valencia stock exchanges', 'Pemberton House', 'Bakers Road', 'United Kingdom', 'UB8 1EZ', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'standard listing', 'offering results', 'July', 'company', 'UK', 'nr', 'head-office', 'Uxbridge', 'employees', 'subsidiaries', 'Portugal', 'article', '6 March', '17 March', 'average', 'NASDAQ', 'Barcelona', 'Bilbao', 'Madrid']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FARMACOSMO-S-P-A-135830797/news/ITALY-GROWTH-WINNERS-LOSERS-Farmacosmo-and-Illa-lead-the-bullish-performers-44338767/,ITALY GROWTH WINNERS & LOSERS: Farmacosmo and Illa lead the bullish performers.,(marketscreener.com) The following stocks are the best and worst performers on Italy Growth on Friday afternoon in Piazza Affari. ---------- WINNERS ---------- Farmacosmo rises 20 percent and records the best performance on the list dedicated to SMEs  with sh…,(Alliance News) - The following stocks are the best and worst performers on Italy Growth on Friday afternoon in Piazza Affari.----------WINNERS----------Farmacosmo rises 20 percent and records the best performance on the list dedicated to SMEs  with shares approaching EUR1.00 each. The stock reached an annual high of EUR2.20 and a low of EUR0.73.----------Illa records a 17% rise. The stock has lost 65 percent in the last month  72 percent in the last six months  and 96 percent in the last year.----------LOSERS----------Fenix Entertainment drops 14%. With regard to the first tranche of the convertible bond under the agreement signed by Negma Group Investment  the company received a request for partial conversion of 3 bonds. The total countervalue is EUR30 000  from the first tranche of the POC  of a total of EUR1.0 million including the commitment fee of EUR100 000  equal to 100 bonds.----------BFC Media divests 8.6 percent. On Wednesday  the ordinary shareholders' meeting resolved to delist the company's financial instruments from trading on Euronext Growth Milan  a multilateral trading system organized and managed by Borsa Italiana. The delisting  which was conditional on approval of the proposal by the ordinary shareholders' meeting with not less than 90 percent of shareholder votes  will take effect July 21.----------By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,mixed,0.31,0.04,0.65,True,English,"['GROWTH WINNERS', 'bullish performers', 'LOSERS', 'Farmacosmo', 'Illa', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Negma Group Investment', ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'last six months', 'multilateral trading system', 'Italy Growth', 'last month', 'last year', 'worst performers', 'Friday afternoon', 'Piazza Affari', 'annual high', 'Fenix Entertainment', 'first tranche', 'convertible bond', 'partial conversion', 'commitment fee', 'BFC Media', 'financial instruments', 'Borsa Italiana', 'shareholder votes', 'best performance', 'total countervalue', 'stocks', 'WINNERS', 'Farmacosmo', 'list', 'SMEs', 'shares', 'low', 'Illa', '17% rise', '65 percent', '96 percent', 'LOSERS', 'regard', 'agreement', 'company', 'request', '3 bonds', 'POC', '100 bonds', '8.6 percent', 'Wednesday', 'approval', 'proposal', 'less', '90 percent', 'effect', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC--44341134/,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 14  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal di…,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 14  2023 – 7.00PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on July 13  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of July 6  2023  it held 87 344 720 shares of the then outstanding 1 426 267 152 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (5%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.09,0.61,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', '7.00PM CET Oxurion NV', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'July', '87,344,720 shares', '1,426,267,152 shares', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '32']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4117303.html,Accor empowers team at the Group’s first Pacific Leaders Conference,Accor  the largest hotel operator in Australia and New Zealand  hosted its first ever Pacific Leaders EMPOWERED Conference and Awards with more than 400 general managers and senior leaders from Accor attending from Australia  New Zealand  Fiji  French Polynes…,Accor  the largest hotel operator in Australia and New Zealand  hosted its first ever Pacific Leaders EMPOWERED Conference and Awards with more than 400 general managers and senior leaders from Accor attending from Australia  New Zealand  Fiji  French Polynesia  and across the world.Held at the International Convention Centre in Sydney on 11 and 12 July 2023  EMPOWERED delivered a range of thought-provoking presentations  panel discussions  workshops and tradeshows aimed at extending Accor’s business performance in the Pacific region. Key themes of the conference included Accor’s People  Loyalty & Guest Experience  Sustainability (ESG)  and driving Market Leading Performance.Sarah Derry  Accor Pacific CEO for the Premium  Midscale and Economy division  said the conference was an investment into people and performance  and would support Accor’s goal of achieving profitable and sustainable business growth for its stakeholders.“Our aim of the two-day conference was to bring our senior leaders and key stakeholders together to develop a shared understanding of our business and to hear directly from our business leaders as they discuss Accor’s vision for the future of hospitality ” she said.“Empowerment is a key value at Accor  and we believe that by empowering our people  we can truly transform and lead the hospitality industry. We have no doubt that the insights and ideas shared at this conference will have a lasting impact on all of us  and we are excited to see the positive change that will come from it.”Day one of the conference kicked off with a global update from Accor’s Group Deputy CEO and Premium  Midscale & Economy Division CEO  Jean-Jacques Morin. This was followed by an informative keynote address by Tourism Australia Managing Director  Phillipa Harrison  on the strategy to market Australia to the world.Accor Global Chief Commercial Officer for the Premium  Midscale & Economy Division  Karelle Lamouche  also shared an update on global commercial strategies and the power of Accor’s portfolio of brands including popular offerings such as Pullman  Novotel and ibis  while Accor Global Chief Talent & Culture Officer  Steven Daines  gave a talent and culture update.There was also a supplier village curated by Accor’s procurement team to showcase innovations from the Group’s partners  an Accor Plus update from CEO Renae Trimble  and an expert panel discussion of leaders from Accor’s Middle East  Africa  Turkey & Asia Pacific  Premium  Midscale & Economy Division.A First Nations panel  consisting of Dean Parkin (Yes23)  Mundunarra Bayles (Black Card)  and Nareen Young (UTS)  hosted by Sarah Derry  kick-started the second and final day of the conference. Leading the discussion were topics including cultural capability  team member engagement  and the importance of valued First Nations partners.Attendees then did a deep dive into three of Accor’s key priorities with workshop sessions on People  Sustainability  and Loyalty & Guest.Joining the high-profile speakers from earlier in the day  Sarah Derry then hosted another panel discussion with key Accor partners  including Olivia Wirth (Qantas)  Margy Osmond (TTF)  Luke Bould (TEG)  and Andrew Abdo (NRL).Accor closed the conference with a world-class entertainment experience at Accor Stadium. Delegates travelled via Rocket Ferries to Sydney Olympic Park Wharf and onto Accor Stadium to watch State of Origin III. The atmosphere was electric with over 80 000 tickets sold for this event  which is one of the largest and most impressive in the stadium’s event calendar.Gala Dinner and Pacific AwardsA highlight of the conference was the Gala Dinner and Pacific Awards ceremony on Tuesday 11 July  which recognised standout service and key performance across the Group.Presented on the night were nine award categories:Best Loyalty Performance Property (winner: Mantra on Jolimont Melbourne)Best Guest Experience Property (winner: Mantra Epping and The Sebel Pinnacle Valley)Best Sustainability Initiatives Property (winner: Peppers Silo Hotel Launceston)Best Performing Food & Beverage Outlet (winner: Platform 818 at Mercure Sydney)Best Performing Property (winner: Novotel Hamilton Tainui and Novotel Brisbane South Bank)Most Engaged Property (winner: Mantra on Northbourne Canberra)Highest Academy Accor Training Hours Property (winner: ibis Styles Karratha)Hotel of the Year (winner: Mövenpick Hotel Wellington)Business Unit of the Year (winner: Adelaide Qantas Lounges)Two 2022 Bernaches Awards - Accor's highest individual and team accolades - were also presented on the night to the team’s behind Accor Pacific’s Work Your Way talent attraction and retention initiative and Heartist 2022 projects.During the glamourous evening event  the French Ambassador to Australia  His Excellency Ambassador Jean-Pierre Thebault  also spoke about the powerful partnership between Australia and France and updated attendees on the 2024 Olympics in Paris.This was followed by a surprise performance by star of stage and television PAULINI - one of Australia’s finest vocalists who shot to fame on Australian Idol.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.19,0.81,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['first Pacific Leaders Conference', 'Accor', 'team', 'Group', 'Highest Academy Accor Training Hours Property', 'Accor Global Chief Commercial Officer', 'The Sebel Pinnacle Valley', 'Peppers Silo Hotel Launceston', 'Mövenpick Hotel Wellington', 'Excellency Ambassador Jean-Pierre Thebault', 'Sydney Olympic Park Wharf', 'A First Nations panel', 'Best Sustainability Initiatives Property', 'Tourism Australia Managing Director', 'Accor Global Chief Talent', 'Best Guest Experience Property', 'Best Loyalty Performance Property', 'global commercial strategies', 'Best Performing Property', 'Best Performing Food', 'First Nations partners', 'largest hotel operator', 'International Convention Centre', 'informative keynote address', 'nine award categories', 'Brisbane South Bank', 'CEO Renae Trimble', 'Pacific Leaders EMPOWERED Conference', 'world-class entertainment experience', 'Market Leading Performance', 'Two 2022 Bernaches Awards', 'sustainable business growth', 'team member engagement', 'ibis Styles Karratha', 'Adelaide Qantas Lounges', 'glamourous evening event', 'Pacific Awards ceremony', 'expert panel discussion', 'Novotel Hamilton Tainui', 'Economy Division CEO', 'Accor Pacific CEO', 'Accor Plus update', 'key Accor partners', 'highest individual', 'Engaged Property', 'global update', 'Culture Officer', 'French Ambassador', 'panel discussions', 'Deputy CEO', 'Pacific region', 'Asia Pacific', 'key performance', 'business performance', 'Mercure Sydney', 'talent attraction', 'surprise performance', 'senior leaders', 'business leaders', 'Key themes', 'key value', 'key priorities', 'New Zealand', '400 general managers', 'French Polynesia', 'thought-provoking presentations', 'Sarah Derry', 'shared understanding', 'lasting impact', 'positive change', 'Jean-Jacques Morin', 'Phillipa Harrison', 'Karelle Lamouche', 'popular offerings', 'Steven Daines', 'culture update', 'supplier village', 'procurement team', 'Middle East', 'Dean Parkin', 'Mundunarra Bayles', 'Black Card', 'Nareen Young', 'cultural capability', 'deep dive', 'workshop sessions', 'high-profile speakers', 'Olivia Wirth', 'Margy Osmond', 'Luke Bould', 'Andrew Abdo', 'Rocket Ferries', 'Origin III', 'event calendar', 'Gala Dinner', 'standout service', 'Jolimont Melbourne', 'Beverage Outlet', 'Northbourne Canberra', 'Business Unit', 'team accolades', 'retention initiative', 'Heartist 2022 projects', 'powerful partnership', 'finest vocal', 'key stakeholders', 'Accor Stadium', 'hospitality industry', 'final day', 'Tuesday 11 July', 'two-day conference', 'Mantra Epping', '12 July', 'Fiji', 'range', 'workshops', 'tradeshows', 'People', 'ESG', 'Midscale', 'investment', 'goal', 'profitable', 'aim', 'future', 'Empowerment', 'doubt', 'insights', 'ideas', 'Group', 'Premium', 'strategy', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'Pullman', 'innovations', 'Africa', 'Turkey', 'UTS', 'second', 'topics', 'importance', 'Attendees', 'TTF', 'NRL', 'Delegates', 'State', 'atmosphere', '80,000 tickets', 'highlight', 'night', 'winner', 'Platform', 'Year', 'His', 'France', '2024 Olympics', 'Paris', 'star', 'stage', 'television', 'PAULINI']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,hospitalitynet.org
27797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/07/14/world-stocks-make-gains-as-investors-grow-optimistic-on-inflation-data/,World stocks make gains as investors grow optimistic on inflation data,Euronext Dublin finished the day in positive territory  capping a solid week,Wall Street rose for the fifth day in a row on Friday. Photograph: Angela Weiss/GettyWorld stocks extended gains on Friday while the dollar held near 15-month lows after US inflation data this week unleashed a wave of investor optimism that the US Federal Reserve was nearing the end of its rate-hiking cycle.DublinEuronext Dublin finished the day up almost 35 basis points to cap off a strong week for the index. “It was another positive session  albeit not quite as emphatic as earlier in the week with some of the moves we’ve seen ” said a trader. “It was a quieter day today on volumes.”Among the financial names AIB was up 0.5 per cent at €3.956  while Bank of Ireland was flat at €9.11. Permanent TSB closed up 5 per cent at €2.25 following a strong close that was bolstered by data from the US that pointed to early signs of recovery in investment banking.Ryanair was a little bit weaker at €16.565 on the back of news of strike action at Gatwick Airport in London later this month. The airline  however  outperformed its peer EasyJet which finished the day down about 3 per cent.READ MOREElsewhere box-maker Smurfit Kappa ended the week on a high  gaining 0.7 per cent to close at €33.52  while building materials giant CRH climbed by about the same margin to €51.10.LondonThe FTSE 100 moved 0.08 per cent lower as London stocks finished in the red by a fine margin  but it failed to take the shine off a strong week.In company news gambling firm 888 tumbled by 25.3p to 79.6p during trading after it ended discussions with FS Gaming Investments over the proposed appointment of a new leadership team.Woodies DIY-parent Grafton Group was up about 2.5 per cent at 813.6p at close of business as it continued its momentum following a trading update on Wednesday in which it reported an increase in half-year revenue while maintaining its full-year earnings guidance.Fashion giant Burberry climbed 24p higher to 2 126p after the luxury brand saw its sales spike in recent months following a post-Covid rebound in shoppers in China and strong demand for its classic trench coat.The biggest risers in the FTSE 100 were Spirax-Sarco  up 315p at 10 445p  London Stock Exchange Group  up 198p at 8 290p  Mondi  up 23.5p at 1 292.5p  Halma  up 39p at 2 244p  and Experian  up 47p at 3 001p.The biggest fallers of the day were Ocado  down 25.6p at 594.4p  Croda  down 152p at 5 648p  Rolls-Royce  down 3.4p at 145.9p  BP  down 9.2p at 456.45p  and Legal & General  down 3.7p at 223.8p.EuropeOn the continent  the other markets were mixed as the Euro Stoxx finished down 0.16 per cent  while Germany’s Dax index was 0.22 per cent lower and the Cac 40 closed up 0.06 per cent.Michael Hewson  chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK  said: “It’s been a somewhat indifferent end to what has been a strong week for European markets  which has seen a good proportion of last week’s losses disappear. The Cac 40 has been one of the best performers this week  with gains of over 3 per cent this week  followed by the Dax.”New YorkWall Street rose for the fifth straight day after some of the country’s top lenders and insurer UnitedHealth Group kicked-off the second-quarter earnings season on a strong note.JPMorgan Chase gained 2.4 per cent after the largest US lender posted a 67 per cent jump in profit. Meanwhile  Wells Fargo rose 2.7 per cent after reporting a 57 per cent rise in quarterly profit.Leading gains on the Dow  UnitedHealth Group jumped 4.9 per cent after the health insurer reported a quarterly profit above analysts’ estimates as the industry bellwether’s expenses came in lower than feared.Rivals Humana  Cigna and CVS Health rose between 1 per cent and 2.4 per cent. – Additional reporting: Agencies,positive,0.65,0.34,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.16,0.54,True,English,"['World stocks', 'inflation data', 'gains', 'investors', 'building materials giant CRH', 'Woodies DIY-parent Grafton Group', 'company news gambling firm', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Fashion giant Burberry', 'FS Gaming Investments', 'full-year earnings guidance', 'classic trench coat', 'chief market analyst', 'second-quarter earnings season', 'US Federal Reserve', 'new leadership team', 'largest US lender', 'CMC Markets UK', 'insurer UnitedHealth Group', '67 per cent jump', '57 per cent rise', 'US inflation data', 'fifth straight day', '3 per cent', '1 per cent', '2.4 per cent', 'New York', 'health insurer', 'other markets', 'European markets', 'fifth day', 'Wall Street', 'Angela Weiss', 'World stocks', '15-month lows', 'investor optimism', 'rate-hiking cycle', '35 basis points', 'positive session', 'financial names', 'Permanent TSB', 'early signs', 'investment banking', 'strike action', 'Gatwick Airport', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'same margin', 'London stocks', 'fine margin', 'half-year revenue', 'luxury brand', 'sales spike', 'recent months', 'Covid rebound', 'strong demand', 'biggest risers', 'biggest fallers', 'Euro Stoxx', 'Michael Hewson', 'good proportion', 'best performers', 'top lenders', 'strong note', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Wells Fargo', 'analysts’ estimates', 'industry bellwether', 'Rivals Humana', 'CVS Health', 'Additional reporting', 'strong week', 'quieter day', 'last week', 'quarterly profit', 'Euronext Dublin', 'strong close', 'The FTSE 100', 'trading update', 'indifferent end', 'The Cac', 'Leading gains', 'Dax index', 'row', 'Friday', 'Photograph', 'Getty', 'dollar', 'wave', 'moves', 'trader', 'volumes', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'recovery', 'Ryanair', 'back', 'airline', 'peer', 'EasyJet', 'READ', 'box-maker', 'high', 'red', 'shine', 'discussions', 'appointment', 'business', 'momentum', 'Wednesday', 'increase', 'shoppers', 'China', 'Spirax-Sarco', '10,445p', 'Mondi', 'Halma', 'Experian', 'Ocado', 'Croda', 'Rolls-Royce', 'BP', 'Legal', 'General', 'continent', 'Germany', 'losses', 'country', 'Dow', 'expenses', 'Cigna', 'Agencies', '0.7', '59', '0.06']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,irishtimes.com
27798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/MaaT-Pharma-Half-yearly-financial-reports-and-audit-reports-limited-reviews-Half-yearly-financia-44334803/,MaaT Pharma : Half yearly financial reports and audit reports/limited reviews / Half yearly financial report,(marketscreener.com)   MaaT Pharma: Half-year Report on Liquidity Contract   With the Brokerage Firm Kepler Cheuvreux   Lyon  France  July 13  2023 - 6:00 pm CET - MaaT Pharma  a   French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of M…,"MaaT Pharma: Half-year Report on Liquidity ContractWith the Brokerage Firm Kepler CheuvreuxLyon  France  July 13  2023 - 6:00 pm CET -MaaT Pharma(EURONEXT: MAAT - the ""Company"")  aFrench clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  todayannounces its half-year report on the liquidity contract with the brokerage firm Kepler Cheuvreux.Under the liquidity contract entered on June 30th  2023  between Maat Pharma and Kepler Cheuvreux  the following resources appeared on the liquidity account:15 484 shares o € 41 285.13Number of executions on buy side on semester: 552 o Number of executions on sell side on semester: 431o Traded volume on buy side on semester: 15 974 shares for € 144 745.75o Traded volume on sell side on semester: 12 997 shares for € 122 384.16As a reminder:the following resources appeared on the last half year statement on December 31 st   2022  on the liquidity account:12 507 shares o € 63 045.61Number of executions on buy side on semester: 390 Number of executions on sell side on semester: 330 Traded volume on buy side on semester: 14 188 shares for € 131 237.39 Traded volume on sell side on semester: 9 342 shares for € 86 141.8the following resources appeared on the liquidity account when the activity started:0 shares€ 200 000.00The implementation of this report is carried out in accordance with AMF Decision N°2021-01 of June 22nd  2021  renewing the implementation of liquidity contracts for shares as an accepted market practice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Half yearly financial report', 'audit reports', 'MaaT Pharma', 'limited reviews', 'last half year statement', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Liquidity Contract', 'Brokerage Firm', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'survival outcomes', 'liquidity account', 'AMF Decision', 'market practice', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Half-year Report', 'following resources', 'buy side', 'June 30th', 'sell side', 'Lyon', 'France', 'July', 'CET', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'development', 'MET', 'patients', 'cancer', '15,484 shares', 'Number', 'executions', 'volume', '15,974 shares', '12,997 shares', 'reminder', 'December 31', '12,507 shares', '14,188 shares', '9,342 shares', 'activity', '0 shares', 'implementation', 'accordance', '6:00']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LANDI-RENZO-S-P-A-270296/news/Landi-Renzo-S-p-A-PR-Press-Release-integration-of-PR-12-07-2023-44341595/,Landi Renzo S p A : PR Press Release integration of PR 12/07/2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   14th July 2023   PRESS RELEASE   Cavriago   14th July 2023 - Integrating the press release of July 12  2023  it is hereby communicated that the resignation of Cristiano Musi as CEO of Landi Renzo has taken pla…,Press Release14th July 2023PRESS RELEASECavriago (RE)  14th July 2023 - Integrating the press release of July 12  2023  it is hereby communicated that the resignation of Cristiano Musi as CEO of Landi Renzo has taken place by mutual consent and is part of the corporate reorganization of Landi Renzo Group  which involves  on the one hand  Annalisa Stupenengo taking on the role of Group CEO  backed by almost thirty years of experience in the mobility sector  developed worldwide holding roles of increasing responsibility at the Iveco Group  CNH Industrial and FCA. On the other hand  Cristiano Musi continues to hold the role of CEO of SAFE&CEC and Safe and he takes the role of CEO of Idro Meccanica  all Landi Renzo Group's subsidiaries  which design and market advanced systems for the compression and management of natural gas  biomethane and hydrogen. Paolo Cilloni returns to the role of Group's Chief Financial Officer  thanks to his in-depth knowledge of the company and of the Group.It should be noted that Cristiano Musi has not received and will not receive any indemnity as long as he continues to hold these roles in the subsidiaries Safe&Cec  Safe and Idro Meccanica.Landi Renzo is the global leader in the natural gas  biomethane and hydrogen sustainable mobility and infrastructure sector. The Group stands out for its extensive presence at global level in over 50 countries  generating nearly 90% of its revenues abroad. Landi Renzo S.p.A. has been listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana since June 2007.This press release is a translation. The Italian version will prevail.More information:LANDI RENZO S.p.A. Media contact: Community Roberto Patriarca - +39 335 6509568 Paolo Cilloni Silvia Tavola - +39 338 6561460 CFO and Investor Relator Lucia Fava - +39 366 5613441 ir@landi.it landirenzo@community.it1www.landirenzogroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['PR Press Release integration', 'Landi Renzo S', 'LANDI RENZO S.p.A. Media contact', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'Investor Relator Lucia Fava', 'Landi Renzo Group', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Community Roberto Patriarca', 'Press Release', 'Cristiano Musi', 'mutual consent', 'corporate reorganization', 'one hand', 'Annalisa Stupenengo', 'thirty years', 'mobility sector', 'increasing responsibility', 'Iveco Group', 'CNH Industrial', 'other hand', 'Idro Meccanica', 'natural gas', 'Paolo Cilloni', 'depth knowledge', 'global leader', 'sustainable mobility', 'infrastructure sector', 'The Group', 'extensive presence', 'global level', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Italian version', 'More information', 'Silvia Tavola', 'SAFE&CEC', 'Group CEO', '14th July', 'Cavriago', 'resignation', 'place', 'part', 'role', 'experience', 'worldwide', 'FCA.', 'subsidiaries', 'market', 'systems', 'compression', 'management', 'biomethane', 'hydrogen', 'company', 'indemnity', '50 countries', 'revenues', 'June', 'translation', 'CFO', 'landirenzogroup']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-July-7-ndash-July-13-2023-on-the-Second-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Progr-44340996/,Weekly Report (July 7 – July 13  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  July 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up to …,Weekly Report(July 7 – July 13  2023) onthe Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  July 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between June 7  2023 and September 7  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between July 7 up to and including July 13  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 07/07/2023 352 512 €16.0288 €5 650 339 MILE 07/07/2023 67 809 €16.0522 €1 088 486 CEUX 07/07/2023 23 679 €16.0434 €379 891 TQEX 10/07/2023 310 019 €16.2474 €5 036 993 MILE 10/07/2023 74 143 €16.2500 €1 204 826 CEUX 10/07/2023 26 232 €16.2398 €426 002 TQEX 11/07/2023 267 857 €16.2987 €4 365 710 MILE 11/07/2023 87 131 €16.3326 €1 423 078 CEUX 11/07/2023 27 228 €16.3326 €444 703 TQEX 12/07/2023 160 821 €16.5989 €2 669 449 MILE 12/07/2023 21 701 €16.5959 €360 148 CEUX 12/07/2023 10 478 €16.6075 €174 013 TQEX 13/07/2023 22 346 €16.8358 €376 212 MILE 13/07/2023 1 105 €16.8245 €18 591 CEUX 13/07/2023 1 549 €16.8860 €26 156 TQEX Total 1 454 610 €16.2549 €23 644 598Since June 7  2023 up to and including July 13  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 15 276 410 common shares for a total consideration of €238 391 907.As of July 13  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 48.526.222 common shares equal to 1.54% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP)is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Itsstoried and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.08,0.65,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', 'July', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', 'common shares', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'TQEX Total', 'July', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', 'period', 'September', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'CEUX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/14/2705060/0/en/Weekly-Report-July-7-July-13-2023-on-the-Second-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Weekly Report (July 7 – July 13  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (July 7 – July 13  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program  AMSTERDAM  July 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V....,Weekly Report (July 7 – July 13  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  July 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between June 7  2023 and September 7  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between July 7 up to and including July 13  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 07/07/2023 352 512 €16.0288 €5 650 339 MILE 07/07/2023 67 809 €16.0522 €1 088 486 CEUX 07/07/2023 23 679 €16.0434 €379 891 TQEX 10/07/2023 310 019 €16.2474 €5 036 993 MILE 10/07/2023 74 143 €16.2500 €1 204 826 CEUX 10/07/2023 26 232 €16.2398 €426 002 TQEX 11/07/2023 267 857 €16.2987 €4 365 710 MILE 11/07/2023 87 131 €16.3326 €1 423 078 CEUX 11/07/2023 27 228 €16.3326 €444 703 TQEX 12/07/2023 160 821 €16.5989 €2 669 449 MILE 12/07/2023 21 701 €16.5959 €360 148 CEUX 12/07/2023 10 478 €16.6075 €174 013 TQEX 13/07/2023 22 346 €16.8358 €376 212 MILE 13/07/2023 1 105 €16.8245 €18 591 CEUX 13/07/2023 1 549 €16.8860 €26 156 TQEX Total 1 454 610 €16.2549 €23 644 598Since June 7  2023 up to and including July 13  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 15 276 410 common shares for a total consideration of €238 391 907.As of July 13  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 48.526.222 common shares equal to 1.54% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.08,0.65,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', 'July', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', 'common shares', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'TQEX Total', 'July', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', 'period', 'September', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'CEUX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,globenewswire.com
27802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2023/07/europes-first-spot-bitcoin-etf-to-debut-as-interest-in-us-soars,Europe’s First Spot Bitcoin ETF To Debut As Interest In US Soars,Europe’s highly anticipated and long-delayed spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) is finally set to debut later this year amidst huge anticipation surrounding its imminent arrival.The launch comes at a time when anticipation in the United States for a spo…,Europe’s highly anticipated and long-delayed spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) is finally set to debut later this year amidst huge anticipation surrounding its imminent arrival.The launch comes at a time when anticipation in the United States for a spot Bitcoin ETF is building following BlackRock’s filing.A Long DelayThe Bitcoin ETF  filed by the London-based multi-asset investment platform Jacobi Asset Management  was originally set to debut on the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange in July 2022. However  the launch was delayed due to unprecedented market conditions triggered by the spectacular collapse of the Terra ecosystem in May and the collapse of FTX in November. Both events created turmoil in the markets  forcing Jacobi Asset Management to delay the listing. The ETF had received approval from the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (GFSC) to launch as far back as October 2021.The delay in launch has only served to heighten market expectations as investors eagerly await an avenue to tap into the Bitcoin market with the security of an ETF structure. Many believe the launch of a European ETF could usher in a new era for Bitcoin in European markets. The spot Bitcoin ETF will allow investors to gain exposure to Bitcoin without owning the underlying asset.A Shift In DemandThe multi-asset investment platform explained that it had decided to launch the spot Bitcoin ETF now because of a gradual shift in demand compared to 2022. Additionally  it added that it is still assessing its launch strategy and would be announcing a launch date soon. The Jacobi spot Bitcoin ETF is a centrally cleared  crypto-backed financial instrument  the custody of which is supported by Fidelity Digital Assets.The ETF marks a significant shift away from exchange-traded notes (ETNs). Europe has typically structured all crypto-backed financial instruments as exchange-traded notes rather than funds. The key difference between exchange-traded notes and exchange-traded funds is that ETN investors own debt security  while ETF shareholders own a part of the fund’s underlying assets.Gensler And SEC Look To Play SpoilsportWhile European markets are readying themselves for the region’s first spot Bitcoin ETF  the United States is lagging far behind. The United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has so far rejected all spot Bitcoin ETFs. However  US markets have registered a surge of interest in spot Bitcoin ETFs following BlackRock’s recent filing. BlackRock is arguably one of the biggest asset management firms in the world  and its filing could indicate a shift in sentiment and perception of Bitcoin.In fact  2023 has seen some of the biggest institutional giants  including Fidelity  file fresh spot Bitcoin ETF applications as the race to become the first US-approved spot Bitcoin ETF gathers steam. The Securities and Exchange Commission had already approved Bitcoin futures ETFs in 2021.US markets were optimistic following the BlackRock filing  the Securities and Exchange Commission under Gary Gensler has decided to toe an all too familiar line by rejecting all ETF filings. According to the SEC  the spot Bitcoin filings were inadequate  hence the rejection. However  BlackRock has refiled its application for its iShares Bitcoin Trust exchange-traded fund. According to the new submission  Nasdaq has entered into a surveillance-share agreement with Coinbase  which addresses one of the main objections raised by the SEC.Following BlackRock’s amendments  other firms such as Fidelity  WisdomTree  and Invesco will also be updating their ETF filings.Disclaimer: This article is provided for informational purposes only. It is not offered or intended to be used as legal  tax  investment  financial  or other advice.,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.07,0.82,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'US Soars', 'Europe', 'Interest', 'fresh spot Bitcoin ETF applications', 'first US-approved spot Bitcoin ETF', 'iShares Bitcoin Trust exchange-traded fund', 'The Jacobi spot Bitcoin ETF', 'first spot Bitcoin ETF', 'London-based multi-asset investment platform', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'biggest asset management firms', 'The United States Securities', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'spot Bitcoin ETFs', 'biggest institutional giants', 'spot Bitcoin filings', 'Bitcoin futures ETFs', 'Bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'The Bitcoin ETF', 'crypto-backed financial instrument', 'unprecedented market conditions', 'Euronext Amsterdam Exchange', 'A Long Delay', 'Fidelity Digital Assets', 'Bitcoin market', 'The Securities', 'ETF filings', 'underlying asset', 'other firms', 'exchange-traded notes', 'ETF structure', 'European ETF', 'ETF shareholders', 'Exchange Commission', 'market expectations', 'exchange-traded funds', 'A Shift', 'imminent arrival', 'Terra ecosystem', 'new era', 'key difference', 'familiar line', 'new submission', 'surveillance-share agreement', 'main objections', 'informational purposes', 'other advice', 'European markets', 'US markets', 'gradual shift', 'significant shift', 'huge anticipation', 'spectacular collapse', 'debt security', 'recent filing', 'Gary Gensler', 'launch strategy', 'launch date', 'ETN investors', 'BlackRock filing', 'time', 'July', 'May', 'FTX', 'November', 'events', 'turmoil', 'listing', 'approval', 'GFSC', 'October', 'avenue', 'exposure', 'demand', 'custody', 'ETNs', 'part', 'Spoilsport', 'region', 'surge', 'interest', 'world', 'perception', 'fact', 'race', 'steam', 'rejection', 'Nasdaq', 'Coinbase', 'amendments', 'WisdomTree', 'Invesco', 'Disclaimer', 'article']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,cryptodaily.co.uk
27803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-44335393/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Jul 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8235 £ 23.7771 Estimated MTD return 0.21 % 0.26 % Estimated YTD return -3.41 % -2.66 % Estimated ITD return 168.23 % 137.77 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.47 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 850.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -22.19 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8111 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9524The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
27804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/14/2704804/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Jul 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8235 £ 23.7771 Estimated MTD return 0.21 % 0.26 % Estimated YTD return -3.41 % -2.66 % Estimated ITD return 168.23 % 137.77 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.47 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 850.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -22.19 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8111 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9524The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,globenewswire.com
27805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IREIT-GLOBAL-17646737/news/IREIT-Global-Preferential-Offering-134-7-Subscribed-Raising-S-75-9-Million-44334787/,IREIT Global : Preferential Offering 134.7% Subscribed; Raising S$75.9 Million,(marketscreener.com)   IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd.      1 Wallich Street #15-03 Guoco Tower Singapore 078881 Main 6718 0590 www.ireitglobal.com   Media Release   IREIT Global's preferential offering 134.7% subscribed; raising S$75.9 million  …,"IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd. (as Manager of IREIT Global) 1 Wallich Street #15-03 Guoco Tower Singapore 078881 Main (65) 6718 0590 www.ireitglobal.com Media Release IREIT Global's preferential offering 134.7% subscribed; raising S$75.9 million Strong support from all Unitholders including Joint Sponsors serves as a clear vote of confidence for IREIT's portfolio diversificationExcluding subscription of excess units by City Strategic Equity Pte. Ltd. (1)   preferential offering was also oversubscribed  preferential offering was also oversubscribed Market capitalisation to increase by approximately 13.7% to S$640.7 million enhancing the probability of inclusion in key equity indices and offering several benefits (2)Poised for future growth opportunities with aggregate leverage maintaining healthy post transaction SINGAPORE | 13 JULY 2023 For immediate release IREIT Global (""IREIT"")  a Europe-focused real estate investment trust managed by IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd. (the ""Manager"")  is pleased to announce that it has successfully closed the subscription period of its Preferential Offering (the ""Preferential Offering"") on 11 July 2023 to raise gross proceeds of approximately S$75.9 million  which will be used to mainly fund the acquisition of a portfolio of 17 retail properties located across France which are fully let to B&M France SAS (""B&M France"")  a wholly-owned subsidiary of B&M European Value Retail (and together with its subsidiaries  the ""B&M Group""). B&M Group is a leading European discount retailer that has been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 2014. The Preferential Offering Units (the ""Preferential Offering Units"") of 186 098 518 units will be made to existing Unitholders at a preferential offering ratio of 161 Preferential Offering Units for every 1 000 existing Units  at an issue price of S$0.408 per Preferential Offering Unit. The A wholly-owned subsidiary of City Developments Limited Based on the assumption that approximately 186 098 518 Preferential Offering Units will be issued at an issue price of approximately S$0.408 per Preferential Offering Unit to raise gross proceeds of approximately S$75.9 million (approximately €52.0 million) to finance the Acquisition and approximately 2 527 554 Acquisition Fee Units are issued to the Manager as payment of the Acquisition Fee. Joint Sponsors of IREIT Global: Page 1 of 6IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd. (as Manager of IREIT Global) 1 Wallich Street #15-03 Guoco Tower Singapore 078881 Main (65) 6718 0590 www.ireitglobal.com Media Release issue price represents a discount of approximately 9.6% to the volume weighted average price of S$0.4515 per unit on 19 June 2023. As at the close of the Preferential Offering on 11 July 2023  valid acceptances and excess applications totaling approximately 250.7 million Preferential Offering Units were received. This represents a subscription rate of 134.7%( 3 )  based on the 186 098 518 Preferential Offering Units available under the Preferential Offering. Tikehau Capital and City Developments Limited (""CDL"") (through its wholly-owned subsidiary  City Strategic Equity Pte. Ltd.)  being the Joint Sponsors of IREIT  and the Manager (acting in its own capacity)  have each accepted  subscribed and paid in full for its total provisional allotment of the Preferential Offering Units corresponding to its direct interest in IREIT. Mr Louis d'Estienne d'Orves  Chief Executive Officer of the Manager  said ""The strong support we have received for the Preferential Offering and the faith that our unitholders and our Joint Sponsors Tikehau Capital and City Developments Limited have placed in us and our portfolio are truly humbling. As we forge ahead on our path towards enhancing IREIT's portfolio diversification we will continue to leverage on the expertise of our Joint Sponsors  as well as identify yield-accretive acquisition opportunities that will strengthen our portfolio performance for the benefit of all our stakeholders."" Post-Acquisition  IREIT will maintain a healthy aggregate leverage of 33.3%(4)  well below the aggregate leverage limit of 50%  providing it with ample debt headroom for future growth opportunities. Distribution per unit is expected to increase to 2.31 € cents(4)  while net asset value per unit will stand at €0.50(4). The enlarged portfolio will see a diversification into the resilient Retail Parks (Out-of-Town) asset class  thereby enhancing portfolio and income resiliency. The Manager expects the Preferential Offering Units to be listed and quoted on the Mainboard of the SGX-ST with effect from 9.00 a.m. on 19 July 2023. RHB Bank Berhad  acting through its Singapore branch  is the sole lead manager and underwriter for the Preferential Offering. Includes excess application from City Strategic Equity Pte. Ltd. pursuant to its undertaking Please refer to the circular dated 12 July 2023 for details on the illustrative pro forma financial effects Joint Sponsors of IREIT Global: Page 2 of 6IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd. (as Manager of IREIT Global) 1 Wallich Street #15-03 Guoco Tower Singapore 078881 Main (65) 6718 0590 www.ireitglobal.com Media Release ABOUT IREIT GLOBAL www.ireitglobal.com | SGX Main Board Listing IREIT Global (SGX-UD1U) which was listed on 13 August 2014  is the first Singapore-listed real estate investment trust with the investment strategy of principally investing  directly or indirectly  in a portfolio of income-producing real estate in Europe which is used primarily for office  retail and industrial (including logistics) purposes  as well as real estate-related assets. IREIT Global's current portfolio comprises five freehold office properties in Germany  five freehold office properties in Spain and 27 freehold retail properties in France. IREIT Global is managed by IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd. (the ""Manager"")  which is jointly owned by Tikehau Capital and City Developments Limited (""CDL""). Tikehau Capital is a global alternative asset management group listed in France  while CDL is a leading global real estate company listed in Singapore. ABOUT TIKEHAU CAPITAL www.tikehaucapital.com | Paris Euronext  Compartment A Listing Tikehau Capital is a global alternative asset management group with €39.7 billion of assets under management as at 31 March 2023. Tikehau Capital has developed a wide range of expertise across four asset classes (private debt  real assets  private equity and capital markets strategies) as well as multi-asset and special opportunities strategies. Tikehau Capital is a founder-led team with a distinctive business model  a strong balance sheet  proprietary global deal flow and a track record of backing high-quality companies and executives. Deeply rooted in the real economy  Tikehau Capital provides bespoke and innovative alternative financing solutions to the companies it invests in and seeks to create long-term value for its investors  while generating positive impacts on society. Leveraging its strong equity base (€3.1 billion of shareholders' equity as at 31 December 2022)  Tikehau Capital invests in its own capital alongside its investor-clients within each of its strategies. Controlled by its managers alongside leading institutional partners  Tikehau Capital is guided by a strong entrepreneurial spirit and DNA  shared by its 742 employees across its 14 offices in Europe  Asia and North America. Tikehau Capital is listed in compartment A of the regulated Euronext Paris market (ISIN: FR0013230612; Ticker: TKO.FP). Joint Sponsors of IREIT Global: Page 3 of 6IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd. (as Manager of IREIT Global) 1 Wallich Street #15-03 Guoco Tower Singapore 078881 Main (65) 6718 0590 www.ireitglobal.com Media Release ABOUT CITY DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED www.cdl.com.sg | SGX Main Board Listing City Developments Limited (""CDL"") is a leading global real estate company with a network spanning 143 locations in 28 countries and regions. Listed on the Singapore Exchange  CDL is one of the largest companies by market capitalisation. Its income-stable and geographically diverse portfolio comprises residences  offices  hotels  serviced apartments  student accommodation  retail malls and integrated developments. With a proven track record of 60 years in real estate development  investment and management  CDL has developed over 50 000 homes and owns around 21 million square feet of gross floor area in residential for lease  commercial and hospitality assets globally. Along with its wholly-owned hotel subsidiary  Millennium & Copthorne Hotels Limited  CDL has over 150 hotels worldwide  many in key gateway cities. FOR FURTHER ENQUIRIES IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd. Mr Kevin Tan Head of Investor Relations and Capital Markets 6718 0593 Kevin.Tan@ireitglobal.com Citigate Dewe Rogerson Singapore Pte Ltd Ms Chia Hui Kheng / Ms Dolores Phua / Ms Louise Lim (65) 6534 5122 huikheng.chia@citigatedewerogerson.com / dolores.phua@citigatedewerogerson.com / louise.lim@citigatedewerogerson.com Joint Sponsors of IREIT Global: Page 4 of 6",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.15,0.2,True,English,"['IREIT Global', 'Preferential Offering', ""Mr Louis d'Estienne d'Orves"", 'Europe-focused real estate investment trust', 'illustrative pro forma financial effects', 'City Strategic Equity Pte. Ltd.', 'B&M European Value Retail', 'IREIT Global Group Pte. Ltd.', 'leading European discount retailer', 'B&M France SAS', 'The Preferential Offering Units', '250.7 million Preferential Offering Units', 'B&M Group', 'Media Release issue price', 'key equity indices', 'net asset value', 'City Developments Limited', 'resilient Retail Parks', 'future growth opportunities', 'healthy post transaction', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total provisional allotment', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Town) asset class', 'RHB Bank Berhad', 'Guoco Tower Singapore', 'healthy aggregate leverage', 'aggregate leverage limit', 'preferential offering ratio', '161 Preferential Offering Units', '186,098,518 Preferential Offering Units', 'yield-accretive acquisition opportunities', 'sole lead manager', '2,527,554 Acquisition Fee Units', '17 retail properties', 'excess units', '1,000 existing Units', 'immediate release', 'average price', 'Singapore branch', '1 Wallich Street', 'Strong support', 'Joint Sponsors', 'clear vote', 'Market capitalisation', 'several benefits', 'gross proceeds', 'valid acceptances', 'excess applications', 'Tikehau Capital', 'direct interest', 'debt headroom', 'income resiliency', 'subscription period', 'owned subsidiary', 'subscription rate', 'portfolio performance', 'existing Unitholders', 'portfolio diversification', '186,098,518 units', 'Main', 'confidence', 'probability', 'inclusion', '13 JULY', '11 July', 'subsidiaries', 'assumption', 'payment', 'Page', 'volume', '19 June', 'close', 'CDL', 'capacity', 'full', 'faith', 'path', 'expertise', 'stakeholders', 'Distribution', 'SGX-ST', '9.00 a', '19 July', 'underwriter', 'undertaking', 'circular', 'details', '2.31']",2023-07-14,2023-07-15,marketscreener.com
