UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/borr-drilling-limited--investor-presentation-302880303.html,Borr Drilling Limited - Investor Presentation,HAMILTON  Bermuda  Sept. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Borr Drilling Limited (NYSE: BORR) (OSE: BORR) today published a new investor presentation on its website (www.borrdrilling.com) in connection with Pareto Securities' 33rd Annual Energy Conference. About Borr …,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  Sept. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Borr Drilling Limited (NYSE: BORR) (OSE: BORR) today published a new investor presentation on its website (www.borrdrilling.com) in connection with Pareto Securities' 33rd Annual Energy Conference.About Borr Drilling LimitedBorr Drilling Limited is an international drilling contractor incorporated in Bermuda in 2016 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange since July 31  2019 and on Euronext Oslo Børs since May 21  2026 under the ticker ""BORR."" The Company owns and operates jack-up rigs of modern and high specification designs and provides services focused on the shallow-water segment to the offshore oil and gas industry worldwide. Please visit our website at www.borrdrilling.com.CONTACT:Questions should be directed to: Magnus Vaaler  CFO  +44 1224 289208  [email protected]This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/borr-drilling-limited/r/borr-drilling-limited---investor-presentation c4396669SOURCE Borr Drilling Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Borr Drilling Limited', 'Investor Presentation', ""Pareto Securities' 33rd Annual Energy Conference"", 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'SOURCE Borr Drilling Limited', 'new investor presentation', 'high specification designs', 'international drilling contractor', 'The Company', 'jack-up rigs', 'shallow-water segment', 'offshore oil', 'gas industry', 'Magnus Vaaler', 'news.cision', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'PRNewswire', 'NYSE', 'OSE', 'website', 'borrdrilling', 'connection', 'July', 'May', 'ticker', 'modern', 'services', 'CONTACT', 'Questions', 'CFO', 'information', 'investor-presentation', '44']",2026-09-16,2026-09-17,prnewswire.com
57419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/borr-drilling-limited--operational-and-contracting-updates-302879933.html,Borr Drilling Limited - Operational and Contracting Updates,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  Sept. 15  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Borr Drilling Limited (NYSE: BORR) (OSE: BORR) (the ""Company"") today provided an operational update on the Odin and announced new contract commitments. In the Americas  following mobilization offshore Texas in…","HAMILTON  Bermuda  Sept. 15  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Borr Drilling Limited (NYSE: BORR) (OSE: BORR) (the ""Company"") today provided an operational update on the Odin and announced new contract commitments.In the Americas  following mobilization offshore Texas in mid-August and subsequent acceptance testing  the Odin has commenced its contract and began earning dayrate revenues on September 11  2026.In Southeast Asia  the Idun has been awarded a contract with an undisclosed operator in Vietnam. The three-well campaign  with an estimated duration of 130 days  is scheduled to commence in the fourth quarter of 2026  in direct continuation of the rig's current contract.In Europe  ENI has exercised a nine-month option on the Bestla  extending the contract to September 2027. ENI maintains an additional fixed price option to extend the contract by a further nine months. The Company is expected to assume operational management of the rig in the fourth quarter of 2026 following the completion of its bareboat charter with the prior owner.About Borr Drilling LimitedBorr Drilling Limited is an international drilling contractor incorporated in Bermuda in 2016 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange since July 31  2019 and on Euronext Oslo Børs since May 21  2026 under the ticker ""BORR."" The Company owns and operates jack-up rigs of modern and high specification designs and provides services focused on the shallow-water segment to the offshore oil and gas industry worldwide. Please visit our website at www.borrdrilling.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release and related discussions include forward-looking statements made under the ""safe harbor"" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements do not reflect historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""should""  ""will""  ""likely""  ""aim""  ""plan""  ""guidance"" and similar expressions and include statements regarding contracts and contract commitments including options  including related revenues  contract coverage  the commencement of operations and contracts  the duration of contracts  the transition of rig operations  and other non-historical statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements included herein  including risks related to commencement and duration of rig operations and new contract commitments described herein  contract coverage and dayrates  the performance of our rigs under contracts  risks related to the commencement operations including risks related to our ability to commence such operations consistent with the timeframes described herein  the risk that backlog does not materialize as expected  the risk that contracts do not materialize as expected  risks relating to market trends  risks relating to operational management transitions  and other risks and uncertainties  including those described in our annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2025 and our other filings with and submissions to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements included herein. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this release. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACT:Questions should be directed to: Magnus Vaaler  CFO  +44 1224 289208  [email protected]This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/borr-drilling-limited/r/borr-drilling-limited---operational-and-contracting-updates c4396555SOURCE Borr Drilling Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Borr Drilling Limited', 'Contracting Updates', 'Operational', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'additional fixed price option', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'SOURCE Borr Drilling Limited', 'international drilling contractor', 'subsequent acceptance testing', 'high specification designs', 'safe harbor"" provisions', 'operational management transitions', 'new contract commitments', 'other non-historical statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'nine-month option', 'Exchange Commission', 'new information', 'operational update', 'other factors', 'other filings', 'dayrate revenues', 'Southeast Asia', 'undisclosed operator', 'three-well campaign', 'fourth quarter', 'direct continuation', 'nine months', 'bareboat charter', 'prior owner', 'shallow-water segment', 'offshore oil', 'gas industry', 'related discussions', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'related revenues', 'actual events', 'market trends', 'annual report', 'future events', 'Magnus Vaaler', 'current contract', 'contract coverage', 'Such risks', 'jack-up rigs', 'press release', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'rig operations', 'commencement operations', 'news.cision', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Sept.', 'PRNewswire', 'NYSE', 'Odin', 'Americas', 'mobilization', 'Texas', 'mid-August', 'September', 'Idun', 'Vietnam', 'duration', '130 days', 'Europe', 'ENI', 'Bestla', 'completion', 'July', 'May', 'ticker', 'modern', 'services', 'website', 'borrdrilling', 'words', 'plan', 'guidance', 'contracts', 'options', 'uncertainties', 'contingencies', 'expectations', 'dayrates', 'performance', 'ability', 'timeframes', 'backlog', 'year', 'December', 'submissions', 'result', 'CONTACT', 'Questions', 'CFO', 'drilling-limited', 'contracting', 'updates', '44']",2026-09-16,2026-09-17,prnewswire.com
57420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/flying-fish-dares-fans-to-party-at-draculas-castle-for-the-ultimate-halloween-experience-302879679.html,FLYING FISH DARES FANS TO PARTY AT DRACULA'S CASTLE FOR THE ULTIMATE HALLOWEEN EXPERIENCE,One-of-a-kind promotion will send winners to Transylvania for an exclusive Halloween party at the legendary Bran Castle  headlined by renowned international DJs BRUSSELS  Sept. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- This Halloween  Flying Fish is daring fans to go where no…,"Flying Fish  the premium flavored beer known for the combination of fresh lemon for refreshment  continues to expand globally alongside the emerging beyond beer category. Building on that momentum  the brand is bringing its spirit of unexpected fun to Halloween – an occasion increasing in popularity globally – through one global promotion spanning six countries: South Africa  Brazil  Mexico  Belgium  Peru and Canada.From neighborhood costume parties and haunted houses to local traditions  Halloween may be celebrated differently around the world  but the fascination with the spooky season crosses all borders. And few legends are as universally synonymous with Halloween as The Prince of Darkness himself  Dracula  a cultural icon whose story has captivated generations around the world.With ""Do You Dare to Party at Dracula's Castle? "" Flying Fish is bringing consumers directly into the heart of that legend. The campaign culminates on November 7  when Bran Castle will be transformed for a night of immersive entertainment  elaborate storytelling  costumes and unexpected surprises. International DJs Sickick  Dubdogz  Miro  and more musical talent will headline the celebration  alongside special guest appearances yet to be announced.""Halloween hasn't always been a traditional beer occasion  and that's exactly what makes it such a natural fit for Flying Fish - a brand built around the unexpected "" said Bruno Cosentino  President of Balanced Choices & Beyond Co. at AB InBev. ""As Flying Fish continues its growth globally  bold experiences like celebrating Halloween inside Dracula's Castle help us further introduce the brand to new legal drinking age consumers  who enjoy celebrating culturally relevant occasions.""Created in collaboration with Wieden+Kennedy Mexico and U.K. experiential agency  We Are Collider  the campaign comes to life throughout September and October through paid social  digital OOH  creator content  limited-edition packs  retail activations and digital experiences. Four winners from each participating market will earn an all-inclusive trip to Romania and access to the November 7 celebration  with entries open through October 20  2026.""When you think about Halloween  Dracula is one of those rare characters that transcends generations  borders and cultures  so we wanted to take people directly into the heart of that legend "" said Jessica Apellaniz  Chief Creative Officer  Wieden+Kennedy Mexico. ""Flying Fish gave us permission to turn something familiar completely on its head. Instead of creating another Halloween campaign people simply watch from afar  we're inviting them to step inside the story and experience a night they could never have expected.""For more information about Flying Fish and details on how to enter for a chance to party at Dracula's Castle  visit www.flyingfishbeer.com. Consumers must be of legal drinking age in their market to participate; full terms and conditions apply.About AB InBevAnheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev) is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life's moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Beer is the drink for moderation  and for over a century  AB InBev has championed responsible drinking. We are committed to providing our consumers with balanced choices to enjoy on any occasion. We also invest in marketing that aims to reinforce positive behaviors  and we work with communities  customers  and partners to promote responsible consumption through evidence-based initiatives. Our diverse portfolio of well over 400 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona®  Stella Artois® and Michelob Ultra®; multi-country brands Beck's®  Hoegaarden® and Leffe®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 137 000 colleagues based in more than 40 countries worldwide. For 2025  AB InBev's reported revenue was 59.3 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).AB InBev Media RelationsE-mail: [email protected]",neutral,0.28,0.46,0.26,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['FLYING FISH DARES FANS', 'ULTIMATE HALLOWEEN EXPERIENCE', 'PARTY', 'DRACULA', 'CASTLE', 'THE', 'new legal drinking age consumers', 'U.K. experiential agency', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'neighborhood costume parties', 'International DJs Sickick', 'special guest appearances', 'culturally relevant occasions', 'Chief Creative Officer', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'one global promotion', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'premium flavored beer', 'InBev Media Relations', 'traditional beer occasion', 'new ways', 'responsible drinking', 'stock exchanges', 'global brands', 'first brewery', 'beer category', '400 beer brands', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'Flying Fish', 'fresh lemon', 'South Africa', 'haunted houses', 'local traditions', 'spooky season', 'cultural icon', 'elaborate storytelling', 'musical talent', 'Bruno Cosentino', 'Balanced Choices', 'bold experiences', 'digital OOH', 'creator content', 'limited-edition packs', 'retail activations', 'digital experiences', 'Four winners', 'inclusive trip', 'rare characters', 'Jessica Apellaniz', 'full terms', 'secondary listings', 'meaningful impact', 'great brands', 'best beers', 'finest ingredients', 'a century', 'positive behaviors', 'responsible consumption', 'evidence-based initiatives', 'diverse portfolio', 'Stella Artois®', 'Michelob Ultra', 'multi-country brands', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', 'AB InBev.', 'Co brewery', 'Castle Brewery', 'unexpected fun', 'unexpected surprises', 'six countries', 'Wieden+Kennedy Mexico', 'participating market', 'Bud Light®', 'pioneering spirit', 'Bran Castle', 'Castle Lite', 'November 7 celebration', 'Halloween campaign', 'Co.', '40 countries', 'Castle®', 'combination', 'refreshment', 'momentum', 'popularity', 'Brazil', 'Belgium', 'Peru', 'Canada', 'world', 'fascination', 'borders', 'legends', 'The', 'Prince', 'Darkness', 'Dracula', 'generations', 'Party', 'heart', 'night', 'costumes', 'Dubdogz', 'Miro', 'fit', 'President', 'growth', 'collaboration', 'Collider', 'life', 'September', 'October', 'Romania', 'access', 'entries', 'cultures', 'people', 'permission', 'something', 'head', 'information', 'details', 'chance', 'flyingfishbeer', 'conditions', 'company', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'Leuven', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'NYSE', 'future', 'cheers', 'moments', 'industry', 'test', 'time', 'moderation', 'marketing', 'communities', 'customers', 'partners', 'Budweiser®', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria®', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'developed', '137 000 colleagues', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates', 'mail']",2026-09-16,2026-09-17,prnewswire.com
57421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/flying-fish-dares-fans-to-party-at-draculas-castle-for-the-ultimate-halloween-experience-302879679.html,FLYING FISH DARES FANS TO PARTY AT DRACULA'S CASTLE FOR THE ULTIMATE HALLOWEEN EXPERIENCE,One-of-a-kind promotion will send winners to Transylvania for an exclusive Halloween party at the legendary Bran Castle  headlined by renowned international DJs BRUSSELS  Sept. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- This Halloween  Flying Fish is daring fans to go where no…,"Flying Fish  the premium flavored beer known for the combination of fresh lemon for refreshment  continues to expand globally alongside the emerging beyond beer category. Building on that momentum  the brand is bringing its spirit of unexpected fun to Halloween – an occasion increasing in popularity globally – through one global promotion spanning six countries: South Africa  Brazil  Mexico  Belgium  Peru and Canada.From neighborhood costume parties and haunted houses to local traditions  Halloween may be celebrated differently around the world  but the fascination with the spooky season crosses all borders. And few legends are as universally synonymous with Halloween as The Prince of Darkness himself  Dracula  a cultural icon whose story has captivated generations around the world.With ""Do You Dare to Party at Dracula's Castle? "" Flying Fish is bringing consumers directly into the heart of that legend. The campaign culminates on November 7  when Bran Castle will be transformed for a night of immersive entertainment  elaborate storytelling  costumes and unexpected surprises. International DJs Sickick  Dubdogz  Miro  and more musical talent will headline the celebration  alongside special guest appearances yet to be announced.""Halloween hasn't always been a traditional beer occasion  and that's exactly what makes it such a natural fit for Flying Fish - a brand built around the unexpected "" said Bruno Cosentino  President of Balanced Choices & Beyond Co. at AB InBev. ""As Flying Fish continues its growth globally  bold experiences like celebrating Halloween inside Dracula's Castle help us further introduce the brand to new legal drinking age consumers  who enjoy celebrating culturally relevant occasions.""Created in collaboration with Wieden+Kennedy Mexico and U.K. experiential agency  We Are Collider  the campaign comes to life throughout September and October through paid social  digital OOH  creator content  limited-edition packs  retail activations and digital experiences. Four winners from each participating market will earn an all-inclusive trip to Romania and access to the November 7 celebration  with entries open through October 20  2026.""When you think about Halloween  Dracula is one of those rare characters that transcends generations  borders and cultures  so we wanted to take people directly into the heart of that legend "" said Jessica Apellaniz  Chief Creative Officer  Wieden+Kennedy Mexico. ""Flying Fish gave us permission to turn something familiar completely on its head. Instead of creating another Halloween campaign people simply watch from afar  we're inviting them to step inside the story and experience a night they could never have expected.""For more information about Flying Fish and details on how to enter for a chance to party at Dracula's Castle  visit www.flyingfishbeer.com. Consumers must be of legal drinking age in their market to participate; full terms and conditions apply.About AB InBevAnheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev) is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life's moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Beer is the drink for moderation  and for over a century  AB InBev has championed responsible drinking. We are committed to providing our consumers with balanced choices to enjoy on any occasion. We also invest in marketing that aims to reinforce positive behaviors  and we work with communities  customers  and partners to promote responsible consumption through evidence-based initiatives. Our diverse portfolio of well over 400 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona®  Stella Artois® and Michelob Ultra®; multi-country brands Beck's®  Hoegaarden® and Leffe®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 137 000 colleagues based in more than 40 countries worldwide. For 2025  AB InBev's reported revenue was 59.3 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).AB InBev Media RelationsE-mail: media.relations@ab-inbev.com",neutral,0.28,0.46,0.26,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['FLYING FISH DARES FANS', 'ULTIMATE HALLOWEEN EXPERIENCE', 'PARTY', 'DRACULA', 'CASTLE', 'THE', 'new legal drinking age consumers', 'U.K. experiential agency', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'neighborhood costume parties', 'International DJs Sickick', 'special guest appearances', 'culturally relevant occasions', 'Chief Creative Officer', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'one global promotion', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'premium flavored beer', 'InBev Media Relations', 'traditional beer occasion', 'new ways', 'responsible drinking', 'stock exchanges', 'global brands', 'first brewery', 'beer category', '400 beer brands', 'Flying Fish', 'fresh lemon', 'South Africa', 'haunted houses', 'local traditions', 'spooky season', 'cultural icon', 'elaborate storytelling', 'musical talent', 'Bruno Cosentino', 'Balanced Choices', 'bold experiences', 'digital OOH', 'creator content', 'limited-edition packs', 'retail activations', 'digital experiences', 'Four winners', 'inclusive trip', 'rare characters', 'Jessica Apellaniz', 'full terms', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'secondary listings', 'meaningful impact', 'great brands', 'best beers', 'finest ingredients', 'a century', 'positive behaviors', 'responsible consumption', 'evidence-based initiatives', 'diverse portfolio', 'Stella Artois®', 'Michelob Ultra', 'multi-country brands', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', 'AB InBev.', 'Co brewery', 'Castle Brewery', 'unexpected fun', 'unexpected surprises', 'six countries', 'Wieden+Kennedy Mexico', 'participating market', 'Bud Light®', 'pioneering spirit', 'Bran Castle', 'Castle Lite', 'November 7 celebration', 'Halloween campaign', 'Co.', '40 countries', 'Castle®', 'combination', 'refreshment', 'momentum', 'popularity', 'Brazil', 'Belgium', 'Peru', 'Canada', 'world', 'fascination', 'borders', 'legends', 'The', 'Prince', 'Darkness', 'Dracula', 'generations', 'Party', 'heart', 'night', 'costumes', 'Dubdogz', 'Miro', 'fit', 'President', 'growth', 'collaboration', 'Collider', 'life', 'September', 'October', 'Romania', 'access', 'entries', 'cultures', 'people', 'permission', 'something', 'head', 'information', 'details', 'chance', 'flyingfishbeer', 'conditions', 'company', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'Leuven', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'NYSE', 'future', 'cheers', 'moments', 'industry', 'test', 'time', 'moderation', 'marketing', 'communities', 'customers', 'partners', 'Budweiser®', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria®', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'developed', '137 000 colleagues', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates', 'mail']",2026-09-16,2026-09-17,prnewswire.co.uk
57422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/16/kasidiaris-shakes-up-the-far-right-in-the-poll-numbers-alexiss-changes-underway-the-meeting-at-the-pms-office-on-energy-the-report-on-metro-line-4-the-prosecutor/,Kasidiaris shakes up the far-right in the poll numbers  Alexis’s changes underway  the meeting at the PM’s office on energy  the report on Metro Line 4 & the prosecutor,New records for the Greek refineries & why fund managers fell in love with the banksThe post Kasidiaris shakes up the far-right in the poll numbers  Alexis’s changes underway  the meeting at the PM’s office on energy  the report on Metro Line 4 & the prosecu…,Newsroom September 16 09:37Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  as you have probably realized  we have entered the autumn season of opinion polls  which  broadly speaking  all (the serious ones) show roughly the same figures. New Democracy and Tsipras are each about a point up after their appearances at the Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF)  while Androulakis is roughly where he was  and Samaras is somewhere around 3%–3.5%. The surprise that is “distorting” the figures to the right and far right of New Democracy is called Ilias Kasidiaris. The far-right politician  now free as of yesterday  is taking votes from everywhere—Samaras  Karystianou  Niki  Spartans  Velopoulos  and whatever exists to the right of the governing party—and he may even be reaching 6%  not to mention higher. Following yesterday’s release from prison and the reception he received from his supporters  the practical question is what Kasidiaris will do. As his lawyer said outside Domokos Prison  the logical course is for him to cooperate with a party that will have representation in Parliament  even if it does not have a parliamentary group. And to do so as an independent affiliated member  so as to avoid any issue of shadow leadership or incompatibility with the provisions of the law stating that he cannot found or participate in a party until 2033  when the 13-year sentence will have been completed. At the moment  there are two small parties in Parliament: the Hellenic Pulse of Nikos Papadopoulos of NIKI  and PARON of a Gavgiotakis who was elected in Heraklion with the Spartans. In any case  it appears that the Kasidiaris camp is moving toward the creation of a new formation that could emerge within a few weeks and bring together various independent MPs who will come from the Spartans and NIKI. According to information  the central figure in this architecture is Giannis Dimitrokallis  a man with close ties to the Kasidiaris family  as he had (still has?) the brother of the former Golden Dawn lieutenant as a political appointee.EL.AS: Changes underway…Before I return to government matters  let me convey a mood  a snapshot from an interesting issue concerning the party of our beloved Alexis  for whom  as you know  we have both a soft spot and fairly good information. So  the leader  because if nothing else he has a nose and a feel for communications  probably realized that the nonsense about wealth taxes based on the global (perhaps even interplanetary) database of economic data  etc.  did some damage. And given that neither Liakos nor Chouliarakis  his main economic advisers  can come out and speak because they work at banking institutions  they will probably look for some genuine market professional who at least knows the basics. Because…even that Pappas did not work out for him…The meeting on prices and Pierrakakis’s contactsIn any case  the mundane reality is that there is considerable concern at the Prime Minister’s Office about international prices  which is why this afternoon  after Mitsotakis’s appearance in Parliament  Pierrakakis  Petralia  and Papastavrou will go there to discuss what is to come. Pierrakakis discussed the development of the international situation in detail yesterday as well  during his meetings with Chancellor Merz in Berlin and his counterpart Lars Klingbeil. They also discussed other matters of European interest  such as the European Budget  while Merz  I am told  congratulated him on the interview he gave yesterday to the business daily Handelsblatt. Pierrakakis also gave a speech at the Hertie School of Governance and  in the evening  spoke at a closed dinner of the German Council on Foreign Relations. Greek reality  however  is tugging at their sleeve  as there is particular concern over heating oil.Floridis called upI wrote to you weeks ago about the prospect of Floridis standing as a New Democracy candidate in Thessaloniki A. In the end  the Minister of Justice received his marching orders and met with Mitsotakis at the Maximos Mansion yesterday for about an hour  as K.M.’s logic is to strengthen the candidate list as much as possible. In this constituency  Aphrodite Nestora will definitely play a strong role  having a different level of public visibility following the terrorist attack on her home and the death of her mother  while the former Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff  Frangoulis Frangoulis  is also being mentioned; he has had a meeting with K.M. In addition  the local figures in Thessaloniki are waiting to see what will happen with Margaritis Schoinas  who is indeed making moves  but with a broader horizon and a more likely destination on the State-wide list—unless the Lord’s plans change.Deputy spokespersonsWe have said that New Democracy secretary Kyranakis is setting in motion a significant party reshuffle. It will perhaps begin as early as next week with the appointment of two deputy press spokespersons  presumably one man and one woman. The same arrangement was in place in 2016  when Mitsotakis became president  with Kyranakis and Zacharaki as the first two deputies. Announcements will follow for approximately 100 names on New Democracy’s candidate lists  followed by changes to the structure and staffing of the party’s secretariats.Mitsotakis on ERTKyriakos Mitsotakis will give his first interview after the TIF and the completion of the entire cycle of appearances  speaking on Thursday afternoon on the main ERTNEWS bulletin with Panagiotis Stathis. I am told that Mitsotakis will go to the Radio House for a visit and will pre-record the interview one hour before the bulletin airs at 18:00.Works in Porto Germeno to begin immediatelyThe restoration plan for Western Attica moved from the meeting at the Maximos Mansion to the work crews in Porto Germeno within just a few weeks. And this is the political message the government wants to send following the July fire. Stavros Papastavrou was on site together with MPs  mayors  and the Forestry Service  while four Forestry Cooperatives have already begun work on more than 4 000 acres and 10 streams. It is significant that the mayor of Mandra–Eidyllia said the project began earlier than originally planned  while the mayor of Megara described it as “unexpected” that the interventions were already underway as of September 15.FG Europe deal at an enterprise value of €100 millionWith regard to the recent sale of G. Feidakis’s FG Europe to the Swedish group Beijer Ref  the column’s information is that the deal was completed at an enterprise value of €100 million. This valuation is slightly above 5 times 2025 EBITDA and 4.5 times the EBITDA of the current financial year  as it is expected to be formed. G. Feidakis wanted to sell FG Europe and had been in negotiations with the Swedes for four years. Beijer Ref acquired 75% of the company’s shares  with an option to purchase the remaining 25%.Line 4: The report goes to the Prosecutor’s Office  renewed pressure over KypseliAthens Mayor Haris Doukas is turning up the pressure on Elliniko Metro  announcing that the experts’ report on damage and subsidence in buildings in Kypseli will be forwarded to the Athens Prosecutor’s Office. He is calling for a full structural inspection  fair compensation for residents  and access to the complete report on the causes of the problem and the conditions for safely restarting the tunnel-boring machine. For his part  Deputy Minister of Infrastructure Nikos Tachiaos assures that  based on the inspections carried out so far and daily measurements of the cracks  there is no reason to evacuate any building. Damage assessments have been completed and individualized vulnerability studies are at the final stage  while the contractor will cover the entire cost of restoration  including interventions to load-bearing elements wherever required. Except that when he was asked whether he himself would stay in the particular houses  his answer was a clear “no”—and the contradiction  although candid  is hardly reassuring to residents. Meanwhile  the resignation of the president of Elliniko Metro  Christos Karadimas  gave rise to imaginative associations with the Kypseli crisis  but the explanation lies elsewhere. This column had written in good time that the change would come as a result of the transfer to Egnatia Odos of Olympia Odos CEO Panagiotis Papanikolas. H. Karadimas is expected to succeed him as CEO of Olympia Odos  by decision of the French Vinci  which heads the project. The choice is not accidental  as he had previously served in a managerial position in the same concession. As for the mayor’s stance  let us recall that H. Doukas is not confronting Elliniko Metro for the first time. In the recent past  he had expressed strong opposition to the technical environmental study for the “Evangelismos” station because it provided for extensive occupation of Rizari Park for the construction site—and therefore the loss/cutting of greenery—as well as making Rizari one-way. The municipality had also lodged a formal objection in June 2025. Elliniko Metro has prepared a new technical environmental study  which it is expected to submit for approval to the Ministry of Environment and Energy.The Athens Stock Exchange session extended by 10 minutes due to upgradeMembers of Euronext Athens will have an additional ten minutes of trading on Wednesday  Thursday  and Friday  September 18  the day on which the Greek stock market will experience the largest “index auction” in its history. In a notice to brokerage firms  the Exchange decided on two extraordinary measures: extending the trading phase at the closing price (At The Close) until 17:30 instead of 17:20  and a corresponding extension of the period for entering pre-agreed transactions. The feverish meetings at the Ministry of Finance and the Exchange administration  which we wrote about yesterday  resulted in a practical decision: more time to accommodate the orders. The scale of the wave has already been measured in a dress rehearsal. On August 31  the day of the FTSE rebalancing  turnover exceeded €800 million. For September 18  estimates are much higher. JPMorgan’s estimates for passive inflows from STOXX alone exceed $1.1 billion. The banks’ profits are not measured only by the shares that will be purchased. They also include their subsidiaries that will execute the purchases. Piraeus Securities handles approximately 20% of daily trading value. National Bank  Eurobank  and Alpha (together with AXIA’s extensive international client base) account for 7% to 10% each. The four systemic banks are among the top five Members in terms of transactions. Total August trading value reached €5.7 billion. Everything indicates that Wednesday’s  Thursday’s  and Friday’s sessions will exceed that figure. In three days  as many transactions will be carried out as take place in a month  and the commissions accompanying them will be recorded in the third quarter  alongside the same banks that will see their own shares change hands. The Exchange gave ten extra minutes. The banks will collect a month’s worth of commissions.Coastal shipping: €208 000 fuel cost for the Piraeus–Rhodes routeThe surge in marine fuel  MGO  to €1 300 per tonne  almost double the price in February  has overturned the economic equation of coastal shipping. To put this into perspective  fuel alone for a round trip from Piraeus to Rhodes now costs €208 000  approximately €103 000 more within seven months. That is the big picture. I would focus on one detail  because that may be where the next problem lies. Coastal shipping currently has two “cushions.” Advance fuel purchases  mainly by the large companies  and government compensation limit part of the additional cost. Except that neither cushion is inexhaustible. And this is where the difficult questions begin. What happens if MGO remains at €1 300 per tonne once the protection provided by advance purchases runs out? And what will happen when government support is no longer sufficient to absorb the pressure? Because then the bill will have to go somewhere—to the companies  the state budget  or the passenger. Coastal shipping is not an activity that can simply cut a loss-making route and end the discussion there. It transports island residents  trucks  food  medicines  and goods  and keeps the islands connected to mainland Greece.HIG Group’s new logistics centerThe licensing procedures are moving forward for the new investment being developed in Aspropyrgos by OB Real Estate. This is the company chaired and managed by Alexandros Karafyllidis  with OB Streem S.A. as its parent company  HIG Capital’s investment arm for logistics in Greece and Southeastern Europe  which has brought different corporate entities under its umbrella  with a broad network of investments in the promising logistics sector. Having initiated the procedures to develop the investment property it owns in Aspropyrgos for the construction of warehouses with a total area of almost 60 000 sq.m.  the company is now proceeding with the process of issuing an Environmental Approval Decision (AEPO). The project  which has a target horizon of 2028  currently concerns the “construction of two ground-level storage and distribution centers (Building A and Building B) at the Kyrillos location in the Municipality of Aspropyrgos.” The relevant Environmental Impact Assessment notes that the total time required to complete the construction works is 580 days  while at this stage  according to the relevant timetable  the public consultation will continue until October 23  2026. To implement the project  the column reminds readers that financing has been secured through total funding of up to €655 million obtained by the parent company OB Streem S.A.  signed in December 2025. The new Storage and Distribution Center will be developed on three adjoining plots with a total area of 109 stremmata  with total building space corresponding to 58 555 sq.m.  while a road running alongside Attiki Odos passes through the northern section of one of the properties. As emphasized in the relevant study  “the location of the project plays an important role. The wider Thriasio area is considered the Mecca of logistics and 3PL services.” The EIA also states that the project under study is not a polluting activity and falls within the medium-nuisance category. It also does not occupy an area designated for residential or other development different from the project’s activity  namely storage and distribution.GEK TERNA: €280 million in cash and concession debtThe reference to debt in the first-half financial results of the GEK TERNA Group is interesting. What does it show? That the parent company has no net debt. On the contrary  it has €280 million in its coffers if we exclude the debt of the concession projects and take into account the proceeds from the sale of shares. But how does the pro forma adjusted net debt of €3.82 billion arise? As the company explained  accounting rules require the Group to report all the debt of its subsidiaries together. However  these are self-financed loans  given that 85% of the debt concerns motorway concessions (New Attiki Odos and Egnatia Odos)  which are “non-recourse.” In simple terms  if for any reason a project does not perform well  the banks can take only the revenues of that particular project. They cannot demand money from the parent company or seize any of its other assets. And the projects themselves pay their own debt: the roads have secured toll revenues and stable income for decades  and the loans are therefore repaid autonomously.Lavipharm: The leap comes with Durogesic and cannabisAnalysts expect strong results from Lavipharm for the second quarter and first half of 2026  with medical cannabis and antiseptics as the main growth drivers. The greatest interest  however  lies in the prospects for the second half and for 2027. The effect of the acquisition from Janssen (J&J) of the rights to transdermal Durogesic in 24 countries is not included at all in the first-half figures  as the acquisition was completed in July and the first sales are expected at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Alongside the continued strong growth of medical cannabis  the market expects a strong acceleration in sales in the second half and in 2027. Lavipharm management has said that it is preparing to handle a huge volume of sales toward the end of 2026 due to Durogesic  as sales of the product in certain major international markets are expected to begin within the next two months  while by December Lavipharm intends to have a presence in all the high-commercial-interest markets it has selected. Thus  the upcoming results function more as a precursor to the next phase of growth  with Durogesic and cannabis serving as the main catalysts for a noticeable strengthening of sales and profitability.New records for the Greek refineriesThe Monday correction proved temporary for the shares of the two Greek refineries  as Motor Oil and HELLENiQ ENERGY immediately returned to positive territory  moving toward new records. Motor Oil reached a new all-time high  closing at €67.6  while during the session it approached €68. At the same time  HELLENiQ ENERGY closed at €18  reaching that level at the closing price for the first time in 27 years and now having as its next milestone the all-time record of €18.87 from September 1999. The main catalyst for the upward trajectory of both shares is the persistence of international oil prices (Brent and WTI) above $100 per barrel. Additional momentum came from a new analysis by Eurobank Equities  which highlights the impressive strengthening of refining margins during the summer months  due to tight supply of middle distillates (diesel and kerosene). Refining margins for the third quarter of 2026 are estimated at levels above $30 per barrel. As a result  Eurobank Equities significantly revised its estimates for 2026 profitability  calculating adjusted EBITDA of €2.52 billion for Motor Oil and €2.27 billion for HELLENiQ ENERGY  representing an increase of more than 80% compared with its June forecasts. However  despite raising its target prices to €73.9 for Motor Oil and €17.5 for HELLENiQ ENERGY  the brokerage is taking a more selective stance. It changed its recommendation for HELLENiQ ENERGY to “hold ” while maintaining a “buy” recommendation for Motor Oil  as the share offers an expected total return of more than 15%.Piraeus Port is sailing toward other portsInformation converges on the conclusion that activity at the Port of Piraeus in August was surprisingly good. As far as containers are concerned  372 000 TEUs were handled in August alone. The eight-month total rises to 2 718 800 TEUs and the year’s sign turns positive. From approximately −2% in the seven-month period  it reached marginally positive territory (+0.1%) as of August 31. One month erased the misery of seven. Piraeus Port’s share price once again surpassed €1 billion in market capitalization  10.5% above its level three months ago. The conference call for the half-year results is scheduled for October 1  and the market is waiting to hear what new information management will provide following the decline in first-quarter profitability and—above all—following the notorious “innocent” sudden expansion of the company’s articles of association to include “the development and management of port infrastructure outside Piraeus  the management of other ports within and outside Greece  logistics services  and the investment of capital through participation in the equity of other businesses of any form and for any purpose.” At Akti Miaouli  many people “see” Cosco’s intention to participate in the upcoming international tender for the port of Elefsina (the Hellenic Asset Development Fund  in cooperation with the State  is preparing the tender documents)  while AKTOR–ONEX have decided to bid together. This scenario has one small weakness. Elefsina is being opened up precisely so that Piraeus (i.e. Cosco) does not have a monopoly in Attica. A Piraeus Port Authority bidder for Elefsina would complicate the process and the overall plan considerably.The best daily performance of the past quarterOn the occasion  it should be noted that yesterday the Piraeus Port Authority share jumped 5.7%  achieving its best daily performance of the past quarter. The share closed at €44.4  while intraday it touched €45.35  reaching its highest level since the end of last July. Despite the strong move  the share still remains some distance from its all-time record of €49.7  achieved last June. Yesterday’s rally was accompanied by strong investor interest. Trading exceeded €1.7 million  with volume close to 40 000 shares  achieving the highest turnover in 10 months  specifically since November 20  2025  when turnover had reached €2 million.In the aftermath of the TIF  G. Mytilineos and the JapaneseIn the aftermath of the Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF)  one meeting with a strong maritime flavor deserves more attention. Japanese Ambassador Koichi Ito and Taro Kono met with M/MARITIME founder Giannis Mytilineos. And here  who Kono is matters. He is one of the most recognizable figures in the governing LDP  with a long parliamentary career and terms  among others  at the ministries of Foreign Affairs and Defense  while he chairs the Japan–Greece Parliamentary Friendship Group. Naturally  the discussion turned to the sea. Koichi Ito described M/MARITIME as an important partner of the Japanese shipping industry  while Kono emphasized the shared identity of Greece and Japan as two traditional maritime nations. Mytilineos  for his part  has an additional reason to look East. His relationships with Japanese shipyards go back years  and in that particular market trust is difficult to build and pays off over the long term. M/MARITIME currently manages 18 bulk carriers  while it has begun broadening the scope of its activities  entering the containership sector as well with two 2 800-TEU feeders  scheduled for delivery from 2028. At the same time  it has agreed three long-term time charters for newbuild bulk carriers to be delivered in 2029–2030. So  keep in mind the Japanese ambassador’s phrase about an “important partner” from Thessaloniki. Because when a Greek shipowner has earned such a passport of trust in Japan while simultaneously expanding his footprint in shipping  the market inevitably begins to wonder what the next move will be.Kollakis’s “stars” and the bet on tankersTwo “stars” within a few days for Pantelis (Lou) Kollakis and Chartworld Shipping. Following the delivery of the newbuild “Rhodes Star ” with a capacity of 50 000 dwt  came the launching of the “Patmos Star ” showing that the company is methodically continuing its expansion in tankers. And this is where the interesting part behind the news lies. Chartworld has a highly diversified shipping portfolio  with a presence in bulk carriers  containerships  reefer vessels  and tankers. The latest moves  however  indicate that tankers are acquiring greater weight in its planning. The “Rhodes Star ” built at New Yangzi of the Chinese Yangzijiang Group  has already begun its maiden voyage  while the “Patmos Star” is the next piece of the puzzle. And because Lou Kollakis is not accustomed to making moves for show  the question being asked in shipping circles is not only which “Star” comes next. It is how much larger a share of Chartworld’s fleet is ultimately destined for tankers.Why fund managers fell in love with the banksOne of the strongest dynamics in recent years is emerging in business banking in the United Kingdom  with lending increasing by 9% compared with last year. Lloyds and NatWest recorded annualized growth of 20% in business and investment banking financing in the first half of 2026  levels not seen since the period before the global financial crisis. According to analysts  the trend will develop into a multi-year credit cycle  supported by corporate re-leveraging  as corporate debt currently corresponds to 59% of GDP  compared with 80% before the crisis  72% in the eurozone  and 103% in the United States. A return toward the pre-pandemic level of 70% creates additional borrowing capacity of approximately £300 billion. If 40% is covered by banks  existing corporate loans could increase by approximately 25%. In addition  the new investment cycle  which includes significant investments in technology and AI and a stronger appetite for risk in utilities  pharmaceuticals  and industrials  could support a long-term trend of credit expansion. Although a change in the lending mix may put slight pressure on net interest margins  the increase in volumes is expected to support growth in net interest income. Analysts are revising their forecasts for growth in the sector’s corporate lending to a CAGR of 8%–9% for the 2025–2028 period.Proodeftiki: The struggle now bears fruitA new chapter for the small listed company “Proodeftiki.” The struggle that began in November 2025 by Chrysa Koutla bore fruit yesterday. At the General Meeting held following a request by shareholder Charilaos Koutounidis (7.22%)  represented by the law firm G. Tsafos and Partners  47% of the share capital was represented  and it unanimously decided to remove the old management. The new board of directors consists of Antonis Paspatis  Aikaterini Stamatelia  Spyros Dimas  Christos Lymperopoulos  and Ioannis Letsios. All were choices of Chrysa Koutla and Char. Koutounidis. On October 17  2025  the Board decided on a capital increase through the capitalization of an obligation to LDA Capital Ltd—that is  shares instead of cash to the foreign fund—without a General Meeting. In December  Koutla filed for interim measures. In February  Koutounidis sought a court order for the convening of a General Meeting  and the Court of First Instance  by decision 3623/2026  accepted the request. In April  the minority shareholders managed to pass a resolution that the capital increase was invalid and the agreement with LDA was inactive. The General Meeting for the appointment of a new board was scheduled for July 2. It was  however  canceled by the board itself on the very eve of the meeting  “to broaden the pool of candidates.” Meanwhile  management threatened lawsuits over the publications  which prompted questions from the Hellenic Capital Market Commission. It took ten months  two court decisions  and three meetings for the shareholders to exercise their most basic right: to change an unsuccessful management team.Britain is paying 6%The British 30-year government bond reached 5.95%  its highest level since March 1998. It is within touching distance of a psychological threshold that Britain has not seen during an entire generation of investors. Six percent is the cost at which the world’s sixth-largest economy borrows for 30 years. Six years ago  the same bond yielded around 0.5%. The 10-year yield reached 5.3%  its highest since 2008  while the two-year yield reached 4.72%  with the market pricing in not cuts but at least one more increase by the Bank of England. Energy price pressures stemming from the Middle East  persistent services inflation  and uncertainty surrounding the October 28 budget are feeding the same trend. Every 25 basis-point increase in borrowing costs adds approximately £2.5 billion to annual interest expenditure. On September 8  the government had already “locked in” 30-year borrowing at 5.8168%. It was the highest cost since the DMO was established in 1998. Chancellor of the Exchequer Rachel Reeves’s fiscal headroom  £23.6–26 billion in the spring  has already been cut to £13–13.8 billion  while Deutsche Bank considers £10 billion to be the “floor.” In London  there is now even talk of an “emergency budget” involving spending cuts. Fixed-rate mortgage rates are priced off swaps  and swaps follow gilts.,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.09,0.17,0.73,True,English,"['poll numbers', 'Metro Line', 'Kasidiaris', 'Alexis', 'changes', 'meeting', 'PM', 'office', 'energy', 'report', 'prosecutor', 'former Golden Dawn lieutenant', 'Hellenic Army General Staff', 'two deputy press spokespersons', 'New Democracy secretary Kyranakis', 'two small parties', 'independent affiliated member', 'various independent MPs', 'genuine market professional', 'business daily Handelsblatt', 'main economic advisers', 'New Democracy candidate', 'significant party reshuffle', 'Thessaloniki International Fair', 'Deputy spokespersons', 'Hellenic Pulse', 'former Chief', 'new formation', 'economic data', 'candidate list', 'international situation', 'autumn season', 'opinion polls', 'practical question', 'logical course', 'parliamentary group', 'shadow leadership', '13-year sentence', 'Nikos Papadopoulos', 'central figure', 'Giannis Dimitrokallis', 'close ties', 'political appointee', 'EL.AS', 'government matters', 'beloved Alexis', 'soft spot', 'wealth taxes', 'interplanetary) database', 'banking institutions', 'mundane reality', 'considerable concern', 'Lars Klingbeil', 'other matters', 'European interest', 'European Budget', 'Hertie School', 'closed dinner', 'German Council', 'Foreign Relations', 'Greek reality', 'particular concern', 'heating oil', 'Thessaloniki A.', 'marching orders', 'Maximos Mansion', 'K.M.', 'Aphrodite Nestora', 'strong role', 'different level', 'public visibility', 'terrorist attack', 'Frangoulis Frangoulis', 'Margaritis Schoinas', 'broader horizon', 'State-wide list', 'next week', 'one woman', 'same arrangement', 'international prices', 'same figures', 'Kasidiaris camp', 'Kasidiaris family', 'local figures', 'governing party', 'Domokos Prison', 'interesting issue', 'good information', 'Prime Minister', 'Chancellor Merz', 'one man', 'far right', 'Newsroom', 'Protothema', 'Google', 'serious', 'Tsipras', 'appearances', 'TIF', 'Androulakis', 'Samaras', 'surprise', 'yesterday', 'votes', 'Karystianou', 'Spartans', 'Velopoulos', 'release', 'reception', 'supporters', 'lawyer', 'representation', 'incompatibility', 'provisions', 'moment', 'PARON', 'Gavgiotakis', 'Heraklion', 'case', 'creation', 'weeks', 'architecture', 'brother', 'Changes', 'mood', 'snapshot', 'nose', 'feel', 'communications', 'nonsense', 'global', 'damage', 'Liakos', 'Chouliarakis', 'basics', 'Pappas', 'meeting', 'Pierrakakis', 'contacts', 'Office', 'Mitsotakis', 'Petralia', 'Papastavrou', 'development', 'detail', 'Berlin', 'counterpart', 'interview', 'speech', 'Governance', 'evening', 'sleeve', 'Floridis', 'prospect', 'Justice', 'hour', 'constituency', 'home', 'death', 'mother', 'addition', 'moves', 'likely', 'destination', 'Lord', 'plans', 'motion', 'appointment', 'place', 'president', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθ', 'ας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-09-16,2026-09-17,en.protothema.gr
