UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
44764,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2934450/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-GBP-Extension-of-deadline-for-elections-and-the-provision-of-documentation.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (GBP): Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation underthe Rollover Option to 29 August 2024On 25 June 2024  the Company published a shareholder circular concerning the Rollover Option being made available to Eligible Shareholders (the ""Circular""). The Board recognises that a number of Shareholders have expressed their willingness to participate in the Rollover Option but have been unable to meet the deadline of Close of Business on 22 August 2024 for the making of elections and the provision of certain documentation  as set out in the Circular.As a result  the Board has decided to extend the deadline for the receipt of Election Forms  TTE Instructions and/or the delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland (as applicable)  Application Forms and AML Documentation (the ""Election Date"" and ""Documentation Date""  as defined in the Circular) to Close of Business on 29 August 2024   in order to ensure that all Eligible Shareholders wishing to participate in the Rollover Option have the opportunity to do so.For the avoidance of doubt  any duly submitted Election Form in respect of which a TTE Instruction or delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland was pending (or vice versa) as at the original Election Date will continue to be valid for the purposes of the extended deadline.Shareholders should refer to the Circular for full details of the Rollover Option  including the procedure for the making of elections and the submission of the relevant documentation.Unless otherwise defined  capitalised terms used in this announcement shall have the same meaning as set out in the Circular.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan+44 20 3751 5389JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) LimitedSecretary+44 (0) 1481 70240022 August 2024Website: www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Master Fund ICAV have been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.END OF ANNOUNCEMENTAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Boussard', 'GBP', 'Extension', 'deadline', 'elections', 'provision', 'documentation', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'BG Master Fund ICAV', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'expert financial advice', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'original Election Date', 'Dutch Authority', 'original investment', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Limited Secretary', 'Election Forms', 'The Company', 'Rollover Option', 'TTE Instructions', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'Application Forms', 'full details', 'capitalised terms', 'same meaning', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'Documentation Date', 'other jurisdiction', 'AML Documentation', 'relevant documentation', 'registration number', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'The Board', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'extended deadline', 'The Shares', 'ANNOUNCEMENT Attachment', 'shareholder circular', 'information purposes', 'Boussard', 'laws', '5493002XNM3W9D6DF327', 'Extension', 'elections', 'provision', '29 August', '25 June', 'willingness', 'Business', '22 August', 'making', 'receipt', 'delivery', 'order', 'opportunity', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'respect', 'procedure', 'submission', 'LLP', 'Website', 'bgholdingltd', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', '44']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44765,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2934451/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-EUR-Extension-of-deadline-for-elections-and-the-provision-of-documentation.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation underthe Rollover Option to 29 August 2024On 25 June 2024  the Company published a shareholder circular concerning the Rollover Option being made available to Eligible Shareholders (the ""Circular""). The Board recognises that a number of Shareholders have expressed their willingness to participate in the Rollover Option but have been unable to meet the deadline of Close of Business on 22 August 2024 for the making of elections and the provision of certain documentation  as set out in the Circular.As a result  the Board has decided to extend the deadline for the receipt of Election Forms  TTE Instructions and/or the delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland (as applicable)  Application Forms and AML Documentation (the ""Election Date"" and ""Documentation Date""  as defined in the Circular) to Close of Business on 29 August 2024   in order to ensure that all Eligible Shareholders wishing to participate in the Rollover Option have the opportunity to do so.For the avoidance of doubt  any duly submitted Election Form in respect of which a TTE Instruction or delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland was pending (or vice versa) as at the original Election Date will continue to be valid for the purposes of the extended deadline.Shareholders should refer to the Circular for full details of the Rollover Option  including the procedure for the making of elections and the submission of the relevant documentation.Unless otherwise defined  capitalised terms used in this announcement shall have the same meaning as set out in the Circular.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan+44 20 3751 5389JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) LimitedSecretary+44 (0) 1481 70240022 August 2024Website: www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Master Fund ICAV have been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.END OF ANNOUNCEMENTAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Boussard', 'EUR', 'Extension', 'deadline', 'elections', 'provision', 'documentation', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'BG Master Fund ICAV', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'expert financial advice', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'original Election Date', 'Dutch Authority', 'original investment', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Limited Secretary', 'Election Forms', 'The Company', 'Rollover Option', 'TTE Instructions', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'Application Forms', 'full details', 'capitalised terms', 'same meaning', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'Documentation Date', 'other jurisdiction', 'AML Documentation', 'relevant documentation', 'registration number', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'The Board', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'extended deadline', 'The Shares', 'ANNOUNCEMENT Attachment', 'shareholder circular', 'information purposes', 'Boussard', 'laws', '5493002XNM3W9D6DF327', 'Extension', 'elections', 'provision', '29 August', '25 June', 'willingness', 'Business', '22 August', 'making', 'receipt', 'delivery', 'order', 'opportunity', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'respect', 'procedure', 'submission', 'LLP', 'Website', 'bgholdingltd', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', '44']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44766,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.infoq.com/presentations/hardware-software-succes/,Presentation: Uncomplex: Modern Hardware for Better Software,John O'Hara discusses how recent hardware & software advances can help founders and CTO's succeed. By John O'Hara,"TranscriptO'Hara: What compelled me to stand on a stage and talk to you  when I've got nothing to sell at all? It's just an uneasy feeling about the state of software. It's also a tremendous excitement about the state of hardware. I am the most excited about hardware in the upcoming decade than I have been since the late 1990s  since the iPhone. What's coming is going to be amazing. It's up to you guys to use it.This is a talk about hardware. The hardware won't feature till the end. Let's talk about software. Let's talk about business. Because I went from being a software architect and developer to someone who is sits on the boards of companies  does venture capital type stuff  which changed my perspective completely on how software works. That journey was interesting as well. I want to share the perspective that comes with that.Where I Learned About ComplexityI've got a view on complexity that makes me have a physical reaction to complexity of the illness type. It was born from a story of when I was starting out as an engineer in my 20s. I worked for a bank  worked in a very large system back in 1997. I was part of this 100-engineer project. That's a rare experience in its own right. We wrote 1 million lines of C++  which is almost impossible in 1997. Just imagine how long that thing took to compile. It was a service-based architecture. It had 10 services  each with its own team  its own database.Does this stuff sound familiar? The services communicated over a Kafka-like persistent messaging system with protobuf-like RPC marshaling and data representations. It had a web user interface with TLS in 1997. It had a Docker-like management and install system. We built all of this ourselves. We ran the 300 programs that comprise this system on two supercomputers 10 miles apart. This is the first time that synchronous disk replication had been done over fiber optics at 10 miles. The business has specified that the system should survive a nuclear bomb. I'm not joking. They paid accordingly. It processed $1 trillion notional of financial derivatives. It put the company way ahead of the competition. It was an amazing system.It was an amazing team. Everyone on it can't believe how lucky they were to be on it. They can't believe how lucky they were that the thing actually worked in the end. Ten years later  it was completely rewritten  much more simply  and run in three servers  much more small ones. This gave me at the early age of 27 a tremendous insight into the nature of complexity.Whenever I saw this  and you've all seen this  CNCF  the Cloud Native Computing Foundation list of projects  and I think someone somewhere thinks this is a good diagram. Each little box is a project. You can browse through and look at them all. They're all suspiciously funded to about $3 million. They're all working on cloud-y type stuff. Basically  they're all trying to help you run stuff distributed. They don't help your business application at all. Why all this stuff? I thought  27 years since we were building all this stuff by hand  people are still building this stuff and selling it or open sourcing it.Why haven't we consolidated  why haven't we converged? Why isn't there a greater depth of engineering talent that we can focus on these things like we can with Linux? You think Linux is on most people's phones. It's won the operating system war. It's installed Windows  which is my favorite part. Our depth of understanding of Linux is tremendous. It goes from having been a hobby operating system that couldn't scale past 4 CPUs to something that now runs on supercomputers  will scale well past 200 CPUs. That's amazing. It's free.BackgroundI'm John O'Hara. I'm a board member of three fintechs. The first  Adaptive. They specialize in low latency exchange connectivity  hence financial track. The second  FINBOURNE. They're a data company. They specialize in solving the data problem that banks and financial investment houses have. If you work for a financial investment house  you know the data problem I mean. How do you represent an instrument? How do you evolve it over its lifetime? How do you price a whole bunch of them? How do you track the differences? How do you handle the time skew across your organization? How do you handle operating in 12 different time zones  or whatever? I'm a mentor with Accenture's FinTech Innovation Lab.I'm a venture partner with Fidelity International Strategic Ventures. Left the investment banking scene  started a startup. Worked at it really hard for 10 years  and exited to Euroclear. I also invented AMQP. My entire career has spanned this gap. I don't have to stand here and talk. I stand here and talk because I actually want us as an industry to move forward  which is why I did AMQP  I made an ISO standard for messaging  so we can make more messaging.Evolution of The CloudBack in 2009  the cloud contained Velcro. Has anyone seen this picture before? It's the picture of a Google server from 2009  when they were just starting. They're trying to get the cost of the servers really cheap. This idea of just stacking them on cardboard in open warehouses and using Velcro to put a battery in the corner as your standby power supply. This is where it was at. This really got into the minds of people. Cloud is fragile. Cloud fails a lot. Cloud faces the internet  people can steal your stuff. Your server might go down at any moment. It's cheap  so we got to build for cheap because cheap is worth it. That's not cloud today.Cloud today is the state of the art in hardware. They control Intel and AMD's roadmaps. They have special processors fabricated just for them  like 4 CPU cores with the hard drive strapped on? No  now you've got over 200 cores in their server processors  400 threads. You've got fiber optic networking everywhere. You've got very carefully controlled thermals  the highest efficiency levels on the planet for running these things. They don't fail.The biggest tell for me that these things don't fail  is that Microsoft and Amazon have both changed the depreciation schedule for their hardware to 5 years from 3 years. Why is that? Do these things fail? State of the art. We haven't moved with the times. We still build for the old stuff. Amazon is 18 years old this year. It was launched just before the iPhone. What's happened in 18 years is that computers became more than 1000 times faster on every dimension you can measure. We're still building applications the same way with the same fear that's got into our minds of your server is going to fail. Your data is insecure. No  it's easier to do cryptography in the cloud than anywhere else.The Role of CEOs and CTOsI want to put a little story around this. I said we're going to talk about business a little bit as well. There's going to be some stuff in here that some of you may not know  some of you won't have seen. What I'm doing is putting a business context around what it is to make technology in the sense of a technology startup. It's useful because it gives you a sense of what's driving you. What is a startup is an interesting thing to start with  because everyone has a definition for it.My favorite definition is it's an experiment. It's an experiment to find a new business. Your experiment is extremely likely to fail  otherwise it wouldn't be an experiment. You have to acquire resources to discover this new business model. You have to make sure that works before you run out of money. I love ChatGPT for drawing copyright free images. This is a CEO running out of runway. That is how it feels. Behind every CEO  there is a CTO. Which one's which? Is the CEO behind or in front? It depends. You can see different things in this picture  depending which way around you look at it. The CTO needs to be an effective technology leader and deliver a working product. The person who can make something new in an empty space turns out to be a very rare person. You think there'll be more of them  but there aren't.The company you're making will live or die by the strength of the product that this person realizes  the team that they bring into place  how they put it together. How well they talk to their customers. How well they talk to a CEO. How well they engage with their business. They're really the harder thing. One of the things I get asked a lot in some of my VC related work these days is  does this company have the right CTO? It's quite a scary question  the right CTO. I know from my own experience of working with technical people  that technology people don't realize just how valuable they are  just how much everybody else is depending on them.The investors  the CEO  the clients  they're all depending on the vision of this person. The staff you hire  the reason you got them for cheap was because they look up to the founder and the technology leadership  they think they know something that they don't. They're wrong. That's a fairly heady mix  and they're going to look to the CTO for answers. Gregor's talk was interesting  because he said  ""I don't give answers  I give parameters to make answers."" Actually  people are looking for answers the whole time. When you start at 7 people  12 people  50 people  people need the answers fast  and they matter.What's the CTO's job? The CTO's job is to delight clients. What's the parameter here? Is to delight the clients as quickly as possible  because you're running out of money. To delight them as completely as necessary. You don't have to make them completely happy. You just have to make them want your product enough that they'll pay for it  and that you will make money from it. Because you're running out of money runway. This is where it gets interesting  because technology people get disconnected from this.They're unaware of their economic impact  completely unaware. They think technology is why they were hired. They should be stepping back and looking at the business  looking at the client's problem  looking at the context around it. It's not just the technology. It's not about the shiny new thing. It's about  how long can you make the money last? It's about how productively can you emit the product to delight the client. It's so easy to be distracted from the core mission.The interesting thing is  at the start of a startup  because you want to be a unicorn  every startup wants to be a unicorn  they want to be Airbnb  they want to be Uber. I'll talk about how you build a unicorn in the next few slides. It's absolutely fascinating. It's terrifying. Every technical action this guy takes that doesn't advance the business will be killing the business. It's that stark. You've got no space to run someone else's beta test.In the early days of a startup  you have no customers. You call them design partners. It's customers you want to sell to but you haven't sold to yet  it's 10 pressure VCs. They're going  ""Yes  that kind of sounds cool. I might buy that. Yes  I'll tell you what the problem is."" You frantically could have went  would you buy this? Would you write me a check right now? That's what's happening. In the meantime  you know you're going to be a unicorn  so let's solve the scalability problem right now.There's a whole bunch of stuff from the CNCF I can use to build into my architecture to be ready for scaling  so whenever this thing takes off  I'm going to be ready. You start to do premature optimization. You start to build your organization as if it were Google or Amazon  as if it were 2009. As if you were worried your system was going to fail at any point in time. As if you were worried you couldn't scale past the customer numbers that you need to get. You're actually hurting your business. I'll come back to exactly why.The Cost of ""Modern Complex Systems""This is the meme that's out there. It's modern  complex systems. These words appear over again  in business cases  in pitch decks  in websites  in how you do cloud. You're doing modern  complex systems. This is a screenshot from a vendor website that I blanked out to protect the vendor  because it's just right there. It happens all the time. What is the cost of modern  complex systems? These are real numbers. A young company  they're making £6.5 million a year of revenue per year. That's decent. That's good.Their cloud costs them £2 million a year. That comes out of the top number  and then you start paying your staff. This is terrifying. The Stability AI news recently  the fact that they ran out of money  they couldn't pay their AWS bill  was $7 million that month. Are your profits going to your company or your cloud provider? Are you a cloud reseller? Ask that question. That's a very knowing question. If you can get a cloud vendor thinking that the more your product sells  there's a direct correlation to compute and storage and network usage  they'll help you a lot.That's actual business advice. This is terrifying. I went into this company  I had a look at it. By day one pass over their architectures  they will save £400 000 a year off their bill. You're engineers  if you deploy all the CNCF stuff  the CEO's credit card is being controlled by his development team. It's utterly terrifying. I've been there.Yummy cloud. I'm not anti-cloud  but the industry of course encourages consumption. They do it through lots of different ways. The developer advocates  the people employed by them  there's a certain set of messaging. You get to a certain scale  and there's a certain level of penetration of this messaging in the marketplace. Suddenly  it's the emperor's new clothes. If you talk against this messaging  which I'm doing today  it doesn't do you any good. It's not going to get you any brownie points anywhere. You have the scalability scaremongering  where you're going to need to grow really rapidly tomorrow. You're going to want to be able to increase for all these thousands of customers that you hope will arrive tomorrow because your business plan went like hockey stick.We saw your business plan  hockey stick. If you've watched ""Silicon Valley "" the sitcom  you'll know where the hockey stick thing is. You over-engineer for scalability early on. Reliability scaremongering  you need to have all the availability zones. Why? Run one. The availability numbers in the cloud are really good  99.5. That's not as good as a bank would require  but they're probably higher than that. If you can come back online in 4 hours  that will satisfy the most demanding contracts in the world. Your users will probably put a 2-minute outage down to their DSL going down or their mobile phone losing connectivity. I have a relative who works in the mobile phone industry. He said  you'd be surprised several times you have a dropped call  it's just one of our servers rebooting.I just nearly fell off my chair. Because  again  it's against what you believe. The big data FUD  you mustn't delete any data. Keep it all  one day it will be valuable to you. I'll come back to that later. A stat someone fired at me the other day was that half of the data written never gets read again. You're paying to store it. You're paying to move it. You're paying to back it up. You're paying to query it.Distributed by default has spawned a cottage industry because it's so much easier to write middleware  than to actually serve clients' needs. Cloud is flexible  not cheap. That's the bottom line here. The number you should be looking for though  is that you should be looking to spend 10% to 15% of your startup money on your infrastructure. If you're going north of that number  you're in trouble.We got distracted a little bit  we're building software for customers and we're busy scaling it for cloud. Software is modern  complex  agile  iterative  and continuous  which means fashionable  irreplaceable  unplanned  repeated forever. Software is only complete when the money stops. That's the truth of it. I tried explaining this to my wife. We recently extended our home. I said  imagine we built the extension here  we decorated it  and then the builder didn't leave.This is my wife in the background. This is the well-paid builder up front  done a great job. We got to maintain it  release frequently. Another situation was one of my investors once asked me  the guy from the accounting department  so when you've built the software  you can fire all the developers  yes? Back then I was 15 years younger. I said  no  that's not how it works. You need to keep these guys forever. Would you accept this anywhere else? Really  you wouldn't.The Unicorn PlanBack to the unicorn plan  because we're building a unicorn. The unicorn plan  which is basically how to get to a unicorn in 7 to 10 years. This makes me laugh as well  because people will say  I've joined a startup  will be exited in 3 years. No  the fact that VC funds have a 10-year horizon should give you a clue. Most people don't know that either. To get to unicorn status  you need to have got to $2 million revenue per year  at the end of year 2.That means your product has to be valuable enough  hitting enough sweet spots for enough people that they're separating $2 million of their hard-earned cash because they expect to get $6 million or $20 million worth of value out of this. You've done that in the first 2 years  and you've sold it to the customers. You're really moving. There's only room for one experiment in your startup  and that is your business. Your job is not to be a beta tester for anybody else ever. You cannot afford the risk.You have to inculcate this through your entire organization  through the entire engineering staff: smaller teams  more leverage  more capability  more reliability  right-sized architecture. How do we build a system that we can adapt incredibly quickly? It's the speed of adaptation  Darwin style  that drives you forward. This is the OODA  the creative destruction  the U.S. defense strategy way of thinking of the world. Your idea  you build it  you measure it  you get some data  you learn  you do it again. Repeat as fast as you can. That's your startup. Only room for one experiment.This is where the numbers come from. Battery Ventures did a little bit of analysis and worked out for all the unicorns that they could see  what's their commonality? They noticed that they all followed a similar track. Two years in  they were making about $2 million a year. Then  by year 4  they were making $50 million. Then  $100 million year 7  or higher. That's usually where you get. When you get to $100 million  you've got a comfortable billion-dollar valuation. You're there. You're a unicorn. ChatGPT  thank you.This is actually called the triple  triple  double  double  double pattern  because you have to triple your revenue in each of the first two years  and then double your revenue every year after that. Then you can be a unicorn in 7 to 10 years. That's a really interesting thing to know. Because then you can actually ask yourself  of what shape of system would I need to do this? These days  people advocate selling business to business  because business to consumer is way too competitive  is what the current mantra is. B2B  easier sale  you can find someone with a really deep problem  you can deliver some real value.You hopefully find a few thousand customers. You get a decent amount of money for it  because that was a valuable problem. I'm actually doing B2B SaaS growth and you're at revenue at year 4. In a perfect world  by year 4  you're charging an average of 6 digits for your product. You're charging your enterprise customers hundreds of thousands of dollars for their subscription. That's what you need to be doing. Let's imagine you've fallen off the curve a bit  you're only charging them $50 000 on average  that's still a lot of money. Your software can replace an FTE and more.Their math  you got 1000 clients  they're paying $50k per annum  that takes me to my $50 million. Imagine each of them have got 100 staff that are using my system. This is Salesforce  it's Confluence  it's Jira  it's an HR product  it's something like that  100 people are probably using it. Maybe they're using it each day  intensively. Maybe they do 10 interactions per hour. That's pretty heavy. If you've designed your app right  it's not being too chatty. These are 10 meaningful  hefty interactions per hour. You're getting 10 system calls per interaction. It's like building the screen took 10 calls  because you built your app to be not too chatty  because you're sensible. That gives you some mathematics.First  before we go into the mathematics  usage is never evenly scale out. We have to allow for the fact that everyone's going to use the system at the start and the end of the day. They're going to come in on Monday morning and log in and do something  then have coffee and go and chat. Then  they're going to go  I got to do some stuff here  get the work done at the end of the day  and go home. All your calls are actually compressed into 2 hours a day  not it? We get 10 million server calls per day  is roughly what's happening there. The number of calls per second you need is about 1500 per second.One thousand meaningful server calls against your application doing database-y things  across multiple tenants  whatever it is  per second. Maybe you need 100 calls per second for a server  maybe 15 servers  maybe in 2010. Not today. Is 5 million requests per hour a lot? No  it's not. A million requests per second is a lot. A million requests per hour is easy today. pgbench is one of my favorite benchmarks. I'm a fan of Postgres. I'm just going to wear it right on my sleeve. It's an amazing open source  freely licensed product. The benchmark is very real. It does the sort of thing you do if you did an ATM transaction.It reads some information  it gets some information for you  maybe a mini statement  does an update or two. It does quite a lot of work. When you run that benchmark on a system like this  96 CPUs  384 gigabytes of memory  will cost you $50 000 a year to rent from Amazon. That's a medium-sized machine. It's almost smallish in today's money. For the next decade  this is your M3 of the future. You can get 68 000 transactions per second out of that  which is 200 million an hour  which is a transaction with everyone on the planet who's got an internet connection each day. Is that enough? You only need the little bit at the bottom there  so you can run in a much smaller machine. What this means is  you don't have to build a crazy architecture. You can build an architecture designed to adapt first.Unless you're doing something genuinely out there  unless you're doing AI training  unless you're doing telemetry for everything that moves in the planet  unless you really are Google or Airbnb  unless you're in year 7  8  9  or 10. Year 4  this is great. The first 4  5  6 years of your company  you can scale to serve an entire country worth of users off an average-sized server. It's amazing. This has changed a lot. People just don't realize how fast things are improving. I'm about to go to the hardware part of the presentation  where you see how much more it's improving as well.The Power of Commodity Software and Hardware is AstonishingMoore's Law is still relevant. It's like people have been predicting the death of this for ages. Jensen Huang of NVIDIA did say it was dead 2 years ago. He's changed his mind now. Moore's Law can run till 2030. The way that keeps working is that they go 3D. You're used to chips being flat. They're stacking them  they're going 3D. That means they got more density. Intel have said they could have a trillion transistors by 2030  which is amazing. The power of commodity  these supercomputers we were running on back in my little story at the start were Starfire E25000.They had 72 processors  172 gigabytes per second of memory bandwidth  and they cost $4 million back in the year 2000. We had two of them. This is my workstation. It's a few years old. It's a 64 core  200 gigabytes per second  $10 grand  plays Call of Duty really well. Three percent CPU  160 frames per second. These are equivalent. This is amazing. This isn't even server grade hardware anymore we're talking about here. You cannot go wrong for the first 5 years of your initiative with being massively vanilla.People who sell you space and storage and bandwidth do not want you to know this. The AI guys have let the cat out of the bag. The AI guys need this performance. It's not that Intel and AMD can't have it. No  they manufacture their chips in the same factory. They get the same benefits that you're about to see. They're mind blowing. I stay abreast of hardware. I was massively shocked. I went to a conference earlier this year  heard CEOs and CFOs talk about their plans for the coming years. You hear the facts coming out of their mouths  and just jaw dropping performances coming our way and why they're delivering it. This is what you got in software.That system that I wrote in 1997 with my 99 colleagues in C++  C++ is a massively better language now. Solaris was great  Linux is better now. Sybase was ok. At the time  Postgres was rubbish. Postgres is amazing  though. SQL  the one true survivor in the language wars. If you can express your problem in SQL  you've expressed the answer. It's an incredible thing. Now you've got the whole computer working with you to make it fast. It's doing the thinking for you. You got amazing middleware. I'll plug AMQP  of course. You got Kafka.You got Aeron. Different types of middleware for different types of things. The one thing you shouldn't be doing is web services. You really shouldn't be doing HTTPS inside your data center. It's an outside your political control thing. The lowest common denominator to an alien environment is what it is. I have strong feelings on that. Web technology converged. You don't have to support a gazillion browsers. JavaScript is awesome. It's amazingly fast what that compiler can do. The ecosystems around it  it's not just the language  because Rust is great  and Zig is great.The ecosystems around Python and Java and C++  and C#  and SQL are just immense  you can do anything in these platforms. You can integrate with anything. You can't go wrong. It's funny because as technologists  we like new shiny things. We like the challenge  the fun of the complexity. Back to that point from earlier  you don't know how valuable you are to your company. The guys in the sales team are depending on you making a product they can easily sell to bring in the revenue to make the investors happy  so your stock options become worth something in 10 years' time. It really matters. Every decision actually matters. Your job as technology leaders is to get everyone on board to understand that you're solving the one problem of the company  which is the customer problem you decided to solve.Fast Trading Systems are Compact SystemsThe application is incredibly simple. You get this Ruby on Rails type thing. I just picked this because it's a handy graphic. Also  because Mr. Ruby on Rails  DHH  Mr. Heinemeier  he recently famously de-clouded his startup and said how much money he'd saved. The application architectures are tremendously simple. Even Shopify and GitHub are running Ruby on Rails applications with really simple architectures. Why anything else? No  this would not be a financial track if we didn't have the anything else. It turns out that the fastest trading systems in the world have always been single chip systems. FPGA were the fastest chip you can get.I remember once  one of the chip manufacturers asked me and one of the guys who was a technical architect from one of the other investment banks  we're going to rev the Intel chips  is there anything we can do for you? Do we add opcodes to the microprocessor? I nearly fell off my chair. What can we do for you? The guy from the other bank said  I want the fastest single-threaded performance you can give me. The guy from the chip manufacturer just then answered  how much power can you get to the cabinet? No warranty. It was fantastic. It's all about single  straight-line velocity because the market is ordered. The market has a total order  there's a tip to the total market. You have this incredibly fast event flow.What is a modern chip? A modern chip is actually a network  is an entire data center on a chip. If you've got middleware that can let you have location transparency to the point where  am I on an InfiniBand network  or am I on the on-chip network? Am I in the in-memory  shared memory IPC? Then you can actually build an entire system the traditional ways  with different components that talk to each other  event  and you can have choreography  you can move things around. It will go incredibly quickly. It's Martin Thompson's work  and their switch. He did Disruptor years ago. He was famously part of the architecture team for LMAX. He then went on to do Aeron messaging  which is used by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. It's open source.You can go and have a play with it. Its premise is basically  run a task per CPU  run a single thing per CPU  have it entirely in the L1 cache  use Java. At which point  other than the FPGA guys  someone goes  what? The FPGA guys just spilled a drink. Why use Java? Because Java can profile from the machine you're on. It goes  you've got AVX-512  I'm going to recompile your code on the hot path to use AVX-512  unroll that loop. Java is a good one. You're now faster than C++. You can build these things. You basically spin each CPU core. You lock it down and spin it at full speed. You use lock-free structures in memory to pass data through ring buffers. It's like wheels on a bus  they pass the work between each other. It goes at millions of requests per second with 10 nanosecond latency  10 billions of a second  the time it takes light to travel that far. That's interesting. You can do that with a single box. It doesn't require anything else.Why Avoid Distributed Computing?Back to this L1 cache thing. If you translate CPU time to human time  an L1 cache reference  which is the working memory of the CPU  would be half a second  if you translate CPU time a billionth of a second  which is what it is. To our time  half a second is a heartbeat  if this L1 cache references a heartbeat. A main memory reference is the time it takes to brush your teeth. Pinging a local computer is a working day. I want to get something from my cache. That's a day in the office. Reading something from a disk is taking a vacation.Reading it from the spinning disk is to start a family. Pinging San Francisco is to take a master's degree. There's a version of this that's done with spatial time  like the time it takes a round trip to Mars and stuff. Our brains just can't comprehend these figures. If you can put your entire program into the L1 cache  it will go 1000 times faster than whatever else you're running on that machine. Small equals close together. Close together equals efficient because you're not moving the electrons further. Efficient equals fast because it's all close together. Fast equals cheap  because you need less of it. All of this equals green because you're using less electricity to push the electrons around. That's got to be good these days.There's some other interesting fights that are floating around or emerging  discovered. This is my new favorite product  DuckDB  open source. Other DBs are available. This one in particular  its party trick is PostgreSQL compatibility  and the ability to read any flat file into memory  then run a relational query on a really sophisticated one. Then finish doing that all within the blink of an eye  even for files that are 10 gigabytes in size.It makes data analysis an absolute joy. If you've got a fast enough machine  it's amazing. The guy who's behind the company is commercializing this  Jordan Tigani  used to be an engineer on Google Bigtable  so he might know what he's talking about. He said big data is dead  the machines caught up. There's a benchmark he had that took 3000 machines which could run on one machine today  one CPU  not just 3000 machines  one CPU today. Most firms have under a terabyte of live data  even big ones. That'll fit in the memory of any small machine these days. You can buy that machine outright for $30 000. The numbers have got silly.Data Center on a ChipWe really have got to the point where it's data center on a chip. Spot the common feature. My workstation is small  the baby version of this  128 CPU cores  82 billion transistors. It's lightweight. That's AMD's entry in this horse race. Intel  they've got many entries. They have announced a 380-core processor for 2025. This is getting crazy. The doubling effect is becoming entirely incomprehensible. This has got 64 gigabytes of RAM on the chip. You can boot the server with this chip in it with no memory plugged into the memory slots. That's weird.Who's heard of HBM? Host Based Memory  they've worked out that getting things close together is the name of the game. That 64 gigabytes is HBM. It's in these little things here. It's actually attached to the silicon. These chips are 700 layers deep  700 layers of silicon. The manufacturers have got a bit good at this. You can get everything really close together. That's neat. This one. Everyone's got one of these: M1  M3 Macs  16 cores  40 GPUs  128 gigabytes of RAM on the package. This is not HBM. This stuff here is actually on the same package.It's like your iPhone just got big. That's the RAM that's actually on the SIM  a little mini tiny PCB  a little silicon PCB. It's super special. It's got super-fast interface into the main chip  92 billion transistors. The daddy of them all currently  and tens of thousands of GPUs  it's at least 16 384 GPUs on this chip  probably 32 000  because they've taken two and glued them together. What I find interesting is another processor called the Apple M2 Ultra. The M2 Ultra is two M2 Macs glued together side by side. They're flipped symmetrical and glued together  like you'd fold a piece of cardboard.NVIDIA did the same thing. They took two things and they lined them up down the middle and put them together to get this 208 billion number. This has got 192 gigabytes of server memory on the chip  these things here. It's like 64 gigabytes of LDDR5. The memory bandwidth of this thing is 5 terabytes per second. It's like throwing hard disks at you. I used to throw CDs at people  then I threw Blu-ray discs at people. Now I'm throwing actual hard drives at people. It's incomprehensible. Clearly NVIDIA are using this really for their AI processor  which is the GPU variant  which is a very simple thing. It's Single Instruction Multiple Data.This is not for them only  this is going to come down to x86  and Arm  and everybody else. That's what I'm showing here. These are all real. You can buy all these. Some of them are a year and a half old. What's coming down the line towards us is a new class of incredibly accessible hardware. For the cost of renting something today  you can buy one of these things tomorrow. The storage has got faster too. The networking has got faster. Networking now is running at 100 gigabits per second  that's 10 gigabytes per second.That's throwing SSD cards at people. The fastest network is 800 gigabits per second. Storage has caught up as well. In the old days  whenever I had my story  the hard disks would do 150 writes per second. Less than that actually. The key fact for running a traditional relational database  is holding the entire database in RAM  and then writing your transactions to disk  just the transactions. You're writing the transaction log. It's all about how fast you can write the transaction log. Because once you've got everything in memory  super-fast.How fast can you write a transaction log. That's called IOPS. That's why IOPS matter. If you just buy an enterprise SSD  top line one  you'll get a capacity of 4 terabytes and 2.5 million read IOPS  400 000 write IOPS per second  versus 150 from 20 years ago  150 full stop  versus 400 000 for one drive. Persistent storage. Are you excited? Are you going to write software the same way you did before? I really hope not.Autonomous Entities Can Manage Internal ComplexityWe've got these data centers on chips. Of course  we can't all just be in one big party. The world's a big mess. What you have is these autonomous entities  as the IETF guys like to call them. Political domains. Within a political domain  you can manage chaos. You can control complexity. You can crush chaos. You can crush complexity. You can get your team together. You can win. When you meet the red team  or the blue team  you go across teams  they've got a different view of the world. They've crushed their complexity differently. You got to interface between the two of them.We have language for this. We negotiate treaties  called APIs. We have special envoys called gateways and adapters  and we muddle through. The trick for any organization that wants to move fast  and cheap  and have delightful  awesome products  and given how capable the hardware is now  is to make your system fit within your political entity. Make your autonomous sphere of control as big as you can before it collapses or becomes fragile. That typically tends to be teams of seven engineers clubbed together in smaller teams.Don't ever make your company too big. WhatsApp had 50 odd engineers  or Instagram  they were both on the double-digit engineers when they sold for billions of dollars  and they had made their internet scale things. You can do this  and you have the technology. The technology out there in open source is absolutely tremendous. Now  the silicon guys have come and given us magic. They've given us actual magic. You can use all the on-machine tooling. You can take a snapshot of a running process. You can ask top  what's the longest running thing? You can add all the tools and the operating system will tell you  we'll solve your observability problem  just ask the operating system. You don't need the rest of that stuff. That's what gets to my goal  to a degree. It's like  we have all this power now  we should be using it. We should not be architecting systems like it's 2009 anymore.Consume Cloud ResponsiblyYou do need cloud. If you're a startup  no one will believe you. You won't be able to sell to an enterprise unless you're on a known cloud. They've got over their AWS  and Microsoft Azure  and GCP worries. They're now acceptable. If you're on them  you're good. Treat it as a machine. You've got a fixed budget. That should be clear now. You're controlled by money. People depend on you. You run out of cash  it ends. Who has been in a company when it ran out of cash? How does it feel? It's a really abrupt stop. It's a terrifyingly abrupt stop. You all go for coffee and go  what happened there? Treat the cloud as if you're building an actual data center just using cloud bits. Use it for global network reach. Scaling  backup and stuff is easy. Security. It's great to have the ability to absorb load and things like that.If you have a blank check  go serverless. Serverless is not your friend. It's a bit like unlimited vacation at your employer. I think we have an understanding. If you have unlimited scalability needs  if you're the government  if you're tracking all your citizens. Short-lived large workloads  if you're doing genome sequencing. If you're a market maker  if you're a stock exchange  you might actually choose to go with the cloud  to put all your data in the cloud  to get fair geographic reach and solve a whole bunch of problems. Because as the trading venue  you care less about the performance of the trades  you care about the cost of providing the service to everybody  to more customers. This is the killer. It's the only place you can do AI at scale  inference or training. Then  of course  you have a blank check. That's maybe not our problem here. Like wine  drink responsibly. My tag for this is  uncomplex  engineer for this decade.Questions and AnswersParticipant 1: You argued against cloud. It's too expensive. It's a waste of time  a lot of the time. Are you really arguing against distributed systems  and some of like the changes in practices that have happened  and like  Infrastructure as Code and all of this stuff?O'Hara: You need a lot less of it. We've turned it into a whole industry  as a mutual friend calls it the Kubernetes industrial complex. Anytime someone says  I just need to have six more servers to spin up Kubernetes. Six servers was my entire production budget for a startup. There's something wrong there. That's why I asked at the start  who's working for a company with a technology budget more than $100 million? You live in a different world.Participant 2: We're moving to cloud because of compliance  and future features  not replace features.O'Hara: Pretend it's a data center  make it small. Keep your costs low. Make your runway long. Make your people productive  so you can please your clients as quickly as possible. Some people have very simple technologies that perform miracles.",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.11,0.23,True,English,"['Modern Hardware', 'Better Software', 'Presentation', 'Cloud Native Computing Foundation list', 'low latency exchange connectivity', 'Fidelity International Strategic Ventures', 'Kafka-like persistent messaging system', 'venture capital type stuff', ""Transcript O'Hara"", 'web user interface', 'synchronous disk replication', ""John O'Hara"", 'FinTech Innovation Lab', 'investment banking scene', 'financial investment houses', '12 different time zones', 'operating system war', 'hobby operating system', 'cloud-y type stuff', 'illness type', 'venture partner', 'The Cloud', 'financial derivatives', 'financial track', 'first time', 'time skew', 'large system', 'install system', 'amazing system', 'uneasy feeling', 'tremendous excitement', 'upcoming decade', 'late 1990s', 'physical reaction', 'rare experience', '1 million lines', 'service-based architecture', 'RPC marshaling', 'data representations', 'Docker-like management', 'fiber optics', 'nuclear bomb', 'trillion notional', 'early age', 'tremendous insight', 'good diagram', 'little box', 'engineering talent', 'past 4 CPUs', 'past 200 CPUs', 'board member', 'three fintechs', 'data problem', 'entire career', 'ISO standard', 'Google server', '100-engineer project', 'two supercomputers', 'amazing team', 'three servers', 'greater depth', 'most people', 'favorite part', 'data company', 'business application', 'software architect', 'stage', 'state', 'hardware', 'iPhone', 'guys', 'talk', 'developer', 'someone', 'boards', 'companies', 'perspective', 'journey', 'Complexity', 'view', 'story', '20s', 'right', 'C++', 'thing', '10 services', 'database', 'protobuf', 'TLS', '300 programs', '10 miles', 'competition', 'Everyone', 'small', 'nature', 'CNCF', 'projects', 'hand', 'Linux', 'phones', 'Windows', 'understanding', 'Background', 'FINBOURNE', 'banks', 'instrument', 'lifetime', 'bunch', 'differences', 'organization', 'mentor', 'Accenture', 'startup', '10 years', 'Euroclear', 'AMQP.', 'gap', 'industry', 'Evolution', 'Velcro', 'picture', 'cost', 'idea', 'jus']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,infoq.com
44767,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/asian-infrastructure-investment-bank-issues-its-first-digital-bond-4563351,Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank issues its first digital bond,The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank issued its first digital bond on Friday (Aug 23)  raising US$300 million  Euroclear said in a statement. The issue is the first dollar-denominated digital issuance for Euroclear and the first issuance by an Asia ...,The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank issued its first digital bond on Friday (Aug 23)  raising US$300 million  Euroclear said in a statement.The issue is the first dollar-denominated digital issuance for Euroclear and the first issuance by an Asia-based issuer on its platform  using its distributed ledger technology system.Digital bonds are debt instruments that are issued on a blockchain or a distributed ledger.The note  rated 'AAA' by Moody's  Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings was issued to support the multilateral development bank's sustainable bond programme.Citigroup and BMO Capital Markets were the bankers for the transaction.The note is listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  with the clearing of bonds also possible on the Hong Kong Monetary Authority's Central Moneymarkets Unit and the SIX Swiss Exchange.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank', 'first digital bond', 'The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank', 'Hong Kong Monetary Authority', 'distributed ledger technology system', 'first dollar-denominated digital issuance', 'multilateral development bank', 'first digital bond', 'sustainable bond programme', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Central Moneymarkets Unit', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'first issuance', 'Digital bonds', 'Asia-based issuer', 'debt instruments', 'Fitch Ratings', 'Friday', 'Aug', 'Euroclear', 'statement', 'platform', 'blockchain', 'note', 'Moody', 'Poor', 'Citigroup', 'bankers', 'transaction', 'clearing']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,channelnewsasia.com
44768,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/business/2024/08/22/citi-bmo-assist-aiibs-debut-300-million-digital-bond-issuance/,Citi  BMO assist AIIB’s debut US$300 million digital bond issuance,The bank becomes the first Asia-based institution to issue a note on Euroclear’s distributed ledger platform  and the digital bond sale is the platform’s first in US dollars  according to a statement. Citi will help distribute the bond while settling ...,Chhad Aul  chief investment officer and head of multi-asset solutions at SLGI Asset Management Inc.  joins BNN Bloomberg to discuss top hedging strategy amid vo(Bloomberg) -- The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank raised US$300 million in its first bond issuance underpinned by blockchain technology  aided by Citigroup Inc. and BMO Capital Markets.The AAA-rated note offers a four per cent coupon and matures in January 2027  AIIB Treasurer Domenico Nardelli said in an interview  adding the AIIB will assess secondary market demand before deciding on further such sales next year.The bank becomes the first Asia-based institution to issue a note on Euroclear’s distributed ledger platform  and the digital bond sale is the platform’s first in U.S. dollars  according to a statement. Citi will help distribute the bond while settling payments with the issuer and investors  said Andrew Mulley  Citi’s global product head of agency and trust for securities services.Citi and BMO are dealers on the transaction. Citi is also the issuing and paying agent. Digital bonds are a small but growing part of fixed-income overall  with institutions such as the World Bank and European Investment Bank participating.©2024 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.21,0.79,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['debut US$300 million digital bond issuance', 'Citi', 'BMO', 'AIIB', 'The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank', 'four per cent coupon', 'SLGI Asset Management Inc.', 'AIIB Treasurer Domenico Nardelli', 'chief investment officer', 'European Investment Bank', 'top hedging strategy', 'secondary market demand', 'first Asia-based institution', 'U.S. dollars', 'first bond issuance', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'global product head', '2024 Bloomberg L.P.', 'digital bond sale', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'World Bank', 'Digital bonds', 'Chhad Aul', 'multi-asset solutions', 'BNN Bloomberg', 'blockchain technology', 'Andrew Mulley', 'securities services', 'paying agent', 'growing part', 'AAA-rated note', 'ledger platform', 'vo', 'January', 'interview', 'sales', 'Euroclear', 'statement', 'payments', 'issuer', 'investors', 'agency', 'trust', 'dealers', 'transaction', 'issuing', 'small', 'fixed-income', 'institutions']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,bnnbloomberg.ca
44769,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/mineral-hill-industries-ltd-announces-164300216.html,MINERAL HILL INDUSTRIES LTD. ANNOUNCES A CORPORATE UPDATE AS RESULT OF ITS BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING,"VANCOUVER  BC  Aug. 23  2024 /CNW/ - Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""MHI"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN""  and on OTC Market under ...","VANCOUVER  BC  Aug. 23  2024 /CNW/ - Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""MHI"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN""  and on OTC Market under the trading Symbol ""MHIFF""  wishes to announce the following corporate updates after it held its Board of Directors (""BoD"") meeting on August 20  2024.Mr. Dieter Peter resigned as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company due to his retirement and nominated Mr. Reno Calabrigo to take on those positions who accepted the positions after a vote was duly taken.Mr. Eric Peter-Kaiser resigned as Director and Member of the Audit Committee due to other professional commitments but agreed to stay on as interim Chief Financial Officer and interim Corporate Secretary until qualified replacements have been appointed in the next few weeks.The Board would like to thank both gentlemen for their long service to the Company and wish them well in their future endeavors.To replace Mr. Peter-Kaiser as Director Mr. Calabrigo nominated Mr. Yves Kandel  a lawyer with his residence in Germany. The Company has confirmed his acceptance through a ""Consent to Act"" form.The BoD decided to appoint only members to the Audit Committee at this time and to postpone the nominations for Corporate Governance & Human Resources Committee  Environment & Safety Committee and the Advisory Committee to one of the next Board meetings. Until such time the entire BoD assumes any discussions and decisions arising in respect to possible related committee issues.The following persons be appointed to the Audit Committee:Franz Walter Convents MemberYves Kandel MemberStory continuesTHE COMPANY SEEKS SAFE HARBORNeither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.SOURCE Mineral Hill Industries Ltd.CisionView original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/August2024/23/c9122.html",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.38,0.38,0.23,True,English,"['MINERAL HILL INDUSTRIES LTD', 'CORPORATE UPDATE', 'ANNOUNCES', 'RESULT', 'ITS', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'SOURCE Mineral Hill Industries Ltd', 'Franz Walter Convents Member', 'interim Chief Financial Officer', 'possible related committee issues', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'other professional commitments', 'Regulation Services Provider', 'Mr. Dieter Peter', 'Mr. Reno Calabrigo', 'interim Corporate Secretary', 'Mr. Yves Kandel', 'Yves Kandel Member', 'Human Resources Committee', 'Mr. Eric Peter-Kaiser', 'Director Mr. Calabrigo', 'next Board meetings', 'THE COMPANY SEEKS', 'Mr. Peter-Kaiser', 'Audit Committee', 'Safety Committee', 'Advisory Committee', 'corporate updates', 'Corporate Governance', 'The Board', 'The BoD', 'trading Symbol', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'OTC Market', 'BoD"") meeting', 'qualified replacements', 'long service', 'future endeavors', 'entire BoD', 'following persons', 'SAFE HARBOR', 'original content', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'Aug.', 'MHI', 'TSXV', 'Frankfurt', 'MLN', 'Directors', 'August', 'President', 'retirement', 'positions', 'vote', 'weeks', 'gentlemen', 'lawyer', 'residence', 'Germany', 'acceptance', 'Consent', 'Act', 'form', 'members', 'time', 'nominations', 'Environment', 'discussions', 'decisions', 'respect', 'Story', 'term', 'policies', 'responsibility', 'adequacy', 'accuracy', 'release', 'newswire', 'archive']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,ca.finance.yahoo.com
44770,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2933952/0/en/Crossject-to-Present-at-the-H-C-Wainwright-26th-Annual-Global-Investment-Conference-September-9th-11th-2024.html,Crossject to Present at the H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference  September 9th-11th  2024,Press Release  Dijon  France August 22  2024 07:30 CET -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing...,Press ReleaseDijon  France August 22  2024 07:30 CET -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO®  announced that it will present virtually and participate in one-on-one investor meetings at the H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference  taking place at the Lotte New York Palace Hotel in New York City from September 9th-11th  2024 in New York.Crossject’s corporate presentation will be available on-demand beginning on Monday  September 9th at 7:00 am (ET) via the conference platform. In addition  the presentation will be available via the following webcast link:https://journey.ct.events/viewith806a8913-e050-4e66-8b56-d332674e52c0An archived presentation replay will be accessible for 90 days following the event on the Crossject website at crossject.com .If you would like to schedule a meeting with management  please reach out to Crossject directly via email: info@crossject.com.About H.C. Wainwright:The H.C. Wainwright Annual Global Investment Conference is a prestigious event that brings together a diverse array of industry leaders  innovative companies  institutional investors  and thought leaders from across the globe. This conference provides a dynamic platform for companies  particularly in the healthcare  biotechnology  and life sciences sectors  to present their strategies  breakthrough developments  and future prospects to an audience of potential investors and industry peers. With a focus on fostering meaningful connections and facilitating insightful discussions  the conference features presentations  panel discussions  and one-on-one meetings  offering attendees a comprehensive view of emerging trends  investment opportunities  and market dynamics.About Crossject:Crossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com ) is an emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform. Crossject is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract* with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). The Company’s versatile ZENEO® platform is designed to enable patients or untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver a broad range of emergency drugs via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include mainly solutions for allergic shocks and adrenal insufficiencies  as well as therapies and other emergency indications.* Contract no: 75A50122C00031 with the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Research and Development AuthorityFor further information  please contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference', 'Crossject', 'September', 'H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference', 'The H.C. Wainwright Annual Global Investment Conference', 'Lotte New York Palace Hotel', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform', 'emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company', 'Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'versatile ZENEO® platform', 'New York City', 'specialty pharma company', 'following webcast link', 'journey.ct.events', 'life sciences sectors', 'advanced regulatory development', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'investment opportunities', 'other emergency indications', 'conference platform', 'Biomedical Research', 'The Company', 'dynamic platform', 'emerging trends', 'other products', 'emergency situations', 'emergency drugs', 'Press Release', 'investor meetings', 'September 9th', 'diverse array', 'industry leaders', 'thought leaders', 'breakthrough developments', 'future prospects', 'industry peers', 'meaningful connections', 'insightful discussions', 'panel discussions', 'comprehensive view', 'market dynamics', 'Development Authority', 'untrained caregivers', 'broad range', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'Human Services', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'corporate presentation', 'presentation replay', 'institutional investors', 'potential investors', 'prestigious event', 'innovative companies', 'one meetings', '$60 million contract', 'Crossject website', 'Crossject SA', 'crossject.', 'Dijon', 'France', 'CET', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'medicines', 'place', 'demand', 'Monday', 'addition', '90 days', 'management', 'email', 'globe', 'healthcare', 'biotechnology', 'strategies', 'audience', 'focus', 'presentations', 'attendees', 'ZEPIZURE®', 'BARDA', 'patients', 'clothing', 'solutions', 'therapies', 'Department', 'Administration', 'Response', 'information', 'cohesionbureau', 'Media', 'Attachment', '7:00']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44771,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2934004/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-August-15-August-21-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details August 15 – August 21  2024,PRESS RELEASE                                             Share Buyback Transaction Details August 15 – August 21  2024    Alphen aan den Rijn – August...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details August 15 – August 21  2024Alphen aan den Rijn – August 22  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 108 781 of its own ordinary shares in the period from August 15  2024  up to and including August 21  2024  for 16.5 million and at an average share price of €151.59.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 4 514 253 657.6 145.66For the period starting May 2  2024  up to and including December 27  2024  we have engaged third parties to execute approximately €647 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens Global Communications Investor Relations t + 1 646 954 8215 ir@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'August', 'Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'software solutions', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third parties', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'professional information', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'August', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'May', 'December', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44772,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/crossject-to-present-at-the-hc-wainwright-26th-annual-global-investment-conference-september-9th11th-2024-93CH-3582455,Crossject to Present at the H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference  September 9th-11th  2024 By Investing.com,Crossject to Present at the H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference  September 9th-11th  2024,Press ReleaseDijon  France August 22  2024 07:30 CET -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO ®  announced that it will present virtually and participate in one-on-one investor meetings at the H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference  taking place at the Lotte New York Palace Hotel in New York City from September 9th-11th  2024 in New York.Crossject's corporate presentation will be available on-demand beginning on Monday  September 9th at 7:00 am (ET) via the conference platform. In addition  the presentation will be available via the following webcast link:https://journey.ct.events/viewith806a8913-e050-4e66-8b56-d332674e52c0An archived presentation replay will be accessible for 90 days following the event on the Crossject website at crossject.com.If you would like to schedule a meeting with management  please reach out to Crossject directly via email: info@crossject.com.About H.C. Wainwright:The H.C. Wainwright Annual Global Investment Conference is a prestigious event that brings together a diverse array of industry leaders  innovative companies  institutional investors  and thought leaders from across the globe. This conference provides a dynamic platform for companies  particularly in the healthcare  biotechnology  and life sciences sectors  to present their strategies  breakthrough developments  and future prospects to an audience of potential investors and industry peers. With a focus on fostering meaningful connections and facilitating insightful discussions  the conference features presentations  panel discussions  and one-on-one meetings  offering attendees a comprehensive view of emerging trends  investment opportunities  and market dynamics.About Crossject:Crossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is an emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO ® platform. Crossject is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE ®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). The Company's versatile ZENEO ® platform is designed to enable patients or untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver a broad range of emergency drugs via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company's other products in development include mainly solutions for allergic shocks and adrenal insufficiencies  as well as therapies and other emergency indications.Contract no: 75A50122C00031 with the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Research and Development AuthorityFor further information  please contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comAttachmentPR_CrossJect HCW 08222024_EN_FinalSource: CROSSJECT,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference', 'Investing', 'com', 'H.C. Wainwright 26th Annual Global Investment Conference', 'The H.C. Wainwright Annual Global Investment Conference', 'Lotte New York Palace Hotel', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO ® platform', 'emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company', 'Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'versatile ZENEO ® platform', 'New York City', 'specialty pharma company', 'following webcast link', 'journey.ct.events', 'life sciences sectors', 'advanced regulatory development', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'investment opportunities', 'other emergency indications', 'conference platform', 'Biomedical Research', 'The Company', 'dynamic platform', 'emerging trends', 'other products', 'emergency situations', 'emergency drugs', 'Press Release', 'investor meetings', 'September 9th', 'diverse array', 'industry leaders', 'thought leaders', 'breakthrough developments', 'future prospects', 'industry peers', 'meaningful connections', 'insightful discussions', 'panel discussions', 'comprehensive view', 'market dynamics', 'Development Authority', 'untrained caregivers', 'broad range', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'Human Services', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'PR_CrossJect HCW', 'Final Source', 'corporate presentation', 'presentation replay', 'institutional investors', 'potential investors', 'prestigious event', 'innovative companies', 'one meetings', '$60 million contract', 'Crossject website', 'Crossject SA', 'Dijon', 'France', 'CET', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'medicines', 'place', 'demand', 'Monday', 'addition', '90 days', 'management', 'email', 'globe', 'healthcare', 'biotechnology', 'strategies', 'audience', 'focus', 'presentations', 'attendees', 'ZEPIZURE ®', 'BARDA', 'patients', 'clothing', 'solutions', 'therapies', 'Department', 'Administration', 'Response', 'information', 'cohesionbureau', 'Media', 'Attachment', '7:00']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,investing.com
44773,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2934427/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Monthly-information-relating-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-outstanding-shares-July-31-2024.html,McPhy Energy : Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares (July 31  2024),Monthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General Regulation,"Monthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General RegulationReporting company :Corporate name: McPhy EnergyPublic Limited company (société anonyme) with Board of DirectorsRegistered office: Aéroparc – 1615 Avenue de la Grande Piste  90150 FoussemagneRegistered under number 502 205 917 R.C.S. Grenoble (pending transfer to Belfort)Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR0011742329 - ALMCP)DateTotal number of outstanding sharesTotal number of voting rights* Gross Net 31.07.2024 29 281 788** 31 233 998 30 020 920* Total number of voting rights (i) ""gross"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including those deprived of voting rights  (ii) ""net"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached after deduction of those deprived of voting rights (treasury shares and other shares whose voting rights are suspended pursuant to laws)** including 10 000 new shares issued over the month pursuant to the equity financing line with Vester Finance11 Please refer to the press release dated 19 December 2023  available on the website of the Company (https://mcphy-finance.com – Section “Financial Publications – Press releases”).Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.16,0.24,True,English,"['McPhy Energy', 'Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', 'July', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers General Regulation', 'McPhy Energy Public Limited company', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'société anonyme', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'equity financing line', 'French Commercial Code', 'Reporting company', 'ISIN code', 'Monthly information', 'voting rights', 'Corporate name', 'Registered office', 'Aéroparc', 'Grande Piste', 'Gross Net', 'Vester Finance1', 'press release', 'Financial Publications', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'other shares', '10,000 new shares', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Board', 'Directors', '1615 Avenue', '90150 Foussemagne', 'transfer', 'Belfort', 'ALMCP', 'Date', 'basis', 'deduction', 'laws', 'website', 'mcphy-finance', 'Section', 'Attachment', '19']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44774,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2933942/0/en/DNO-Shares-Traded-Ex-Dividend.html,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,Oslo  22 August 2024 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 22 August 2024.,Oslo  22 August 2024 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 22 August 2024.A dividend payment of NOK 0.3125 per share will be made on or about 30 August 2024 to all shareholders of record as of 23 August 2024.–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development  and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.5.3 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'dividend payment', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'August', 'Company', 'shares', 'NOK', 'shareholders', 'record', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44775,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/eutelsat-and-cable-color-renew-multiyear-agreement-for-broadcast-services-in-latin-america-93CH-3582575,Eutelsat and Cable Color Renew Multi-year Agreement for Broadcast Services in Latin America By Investing.com,Eutelsat and Cable Color Renew Multi-year Agreement for Broadcast Services in Latin America,Eutelsat and Cable Color's longstanding partnership extended through new multi-year contractAssuring service continuity for Cable Color broadcast services on EUTELSAT 117 West A satellitePARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eutelsat Group (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) and Honduras's Cable Color LLC have signed a new multi-year agreement renewing capacity for video broadcast services over Central America on Eutelsat's EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite.Cable Color  a prominent cable operator in the region  is a long-standing customer of Eutelsat  and this new agreement underscores its continued confidence in the quality of broadcast services provided.The 117 ° West location is the premium TV neighbourhood for Latin America  offering pan-regional distribution of major networks and content providers. 300 TV channels  50 in HD  are currently broadcast to around 110 million TV homes  and a strong cable head-end penetration includes over 1900 cable head-ends in Latin America and the Caribbean. 117 ° West is also a growing free-to-air TV neighbourhood with 100 TV channels broadcasting in the clear  including channels from key regional public and private broadcasters.On the new agreement  JosÃ© Ignacio GonzÃ¡lez-NÃºÃ±ez  Eutelsat Group Senior Regional VP  Media Sales Americas said  It has been a privilege to partner with Cable Color as they remain one of our most valued customers. We are honoured to host their services on our premium E117WA satellite  which plays a vital role in delivering video content across Latin America.Stefano Racciatti  Director General of Cable Color added  We are delighted to be able to rely on our long-standing partner  Eutelsat  to provide high quality  dependable service continuity for our customers throughout of footprint.++ ENDS ++About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of the Company and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 Geostationary satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group's unique suite of in-orbit assets enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and the Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people across more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).DISCLAIMERThe forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management's views and assumptions as of the date of this document. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group's customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension fund  and foreign exchange risk. Eutelsat Communications (OTC: ) expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. The information contained in this document is not based on historical fact and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts or data mentioned will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers as reasonable.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240822074702/en/Find out more atMedia enquiriesJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comKatie DowdTel. +1 202 271 2209kdowd@oneweb.netInvestorsJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comHugo Laurens-BergeTel. +33 670 80 95 58hlaurensberge@eutelsat.comSource: Eutelsat Group,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.16,0.65,True,English,"['Cable Color', 'Multi-year Agreement', 'Broadcast Services', 'Latin America', 'Eutelsat', 'Investing', 'JosÃ© Ignacio GonzÃ¡lez-NÃºÃ±ez', 'high quality, dependable service continuity', 'Eutelsat Group Senior Regional VP', 'strong cable head-end penetration', 'EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Cable Color broadcast services', 'key regional public', 'London Stock Exchange', 'foreign exchange risk', 'four key verticals', 'closed pension fund', 'premium E117WA satellite', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'premium TV neighbourhood', '110 million TV homes', 'air TV neighbourhood', 'prominent cable operator', 'new multi-year contract', 'Media Sales Americas', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'Cable Color LLC', 'The 117 ° West location', 'satellite telecommunications market', 'new multi-year agreement', '100 TV channels broadcasting', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'video broadcast services', 'satellite communications', 'satellite failures', 'satellite performance', 'new agreement', '300 TV channels', '1900 cable head-ends', 'orbit assets', 'Media enquiries', 'Government Services', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'The Group', 'longstanding partnership', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'renewing capacity', 'Central America', 'standing customer', 'continued confidence', 'Latin America', 'pan-regional distribution', 'major networks', 'content providers', 'growing free', 'private broadcasters', 'vital role', 'video content', 'Stefano Racciatti', 'Director General', 'long-standing partner', 'global leader', 'LEO) constellation', '6,500 television channels', 'unique suite', 'integrated solutions', 'digital divide', 'illustrative purposes', 'health crisis', 'deployment plan', 'technological changes', 'international dimension', 'international rules', 'frequency coordination', 'Intergovernmental Organization', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'applicable law', 'historical fact', 'Joanna Darlington', 'Katie Dowd', 'Hugo Laurens-Berge', '35 Geostationary satellites', 'financial guarantee', 'source version', 'valued customers', 'global customers', 'unknown risks', 'operational risks', 'financial risks', 'The Company', '600 satellites', 'ISIN', 'ETL', 'Honduras', 'HD', 'Caribbean', 'clear', 'privilege', 'footprint', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', 'needs', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'DISCLAIMER', 'management', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'document', 'expected', 'timeframe', 'trend', 'increased', 'competition', 'activities', 'adoption', 'OTC', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'information', 'facts', 'data', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'jdarlington', 'kdowd', 'Investors', 'hlaurensberge']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,investing.com
44776,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/08/22/segro-lonsgro-stock-rating-lowered-by-ubs-group/,SEGRO (LON:SGRO) Stock Rating Lowered by UBS Group,SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) was downgraded by equities researchers at UBS Group to a “neutral” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday  Marketbeat.com reports. They currently have a GBX 985 ($12.80) target price on the real estate investment trust’…,SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) was downgraded by equities researchers at UBS Group to a “neutral” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday  Marketbeat.com reports. They currently have a GBX 985 ($12.80) target price on the real estate investment trust’s stock  down from their prior target price of GBX 1 045 ($13.58). UBS Group’s target price points to a potential upside of 12.31% from the stock’s current price.Separately  Jefferies Financial Group dropped their price objective on shares of SEGRO from GBX 950 ($12.34) to GBX 930 ($12.08) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday  July 29th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 954.75 ($12.41).Get SEGRO alerts:View Our Latest Stock Analysis on SEGROSEGRO Stock Up 0.4 %Insider Transactions at SEGROShares of LON:SGRO opened at GBX 877 ($11.40) on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 905.49 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 886.50. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 42.10  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a current ratio of 1.30. The firm has a market capitalization of £11.84 billion  a P/E ratio of -4 176.19  a P/E/G ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.79. SEGRO has a 52-week low of GBX 675 ($8.77) and a 52-week high of GBX 949 ($12.33).In related news  insider David J. R. Sleath sold 108 420 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday  May 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 893 ($11.60)  for a total transaction of £968 190.60 ($1 258 043.92). Insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock.About SEGRO(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['UBS Group', 'SEGRO', 'SGRO', 'Stock', 'insider David J. R. Sleath', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Three equities research analysts', 'Get Free Report', '10.4 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'prior target price', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'consensus price target', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'Insider Transactions', 'equities researchers', 'email address', 'current price', 'price objective', 'research note', 'consensus rating', ""analysts' ratings"", 'UBS Group', 'SEGRO Daily', 'latest news', 'neutral” rating', 'potential upside', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'Recommended Stories', 'related companies', 'Marketbeat.com', 'related news', 'total transaction', 'SEGRO alerts', 'SEGRO Stock', 'SGRO', 'Tuesday', 'GBX 985 ($', 'shares', 'Monday', 'July', 'data', 'company', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'Insiders', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', '7 billion', 'customers', '12.']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,etfdailynews.com
44777,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/08/22/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-segro-lonsgro-price-target-to-gbx-1050/,JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises SEGRO (LON:SGRO) Price Target to GBX 1 050,SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) had its price target increased by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1 000 ($12.99) to GBX 1 050 ($13.64) in a research report issued on Thursday  Digital Look reports. The brokerage presently has an “over…,SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) had its price target increased by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1 000 ($12.99) to GBX 1 050 ($13.64) in a research report issued on Thursday  Digital Look reports. The brokerage presently has an “overweight” rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.‘s price target would suggest a potential upside of 18.86% from the stock’s previous close.SGRO has been the subject of several other reports. Jefferies Financial Group reduced their price target on SEGRO from GBX 950 ($12.34) to GBX 930 ($12.08) and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Monday  July 29th. UBS Group cut SEGRO to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from GBX 1 045 ($13.58) to GBX 985 ($12.80) in a report on Tuesday. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat  the stock presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of GBX 973.80 ($12.65).Get SEGRO alerts:Check Out Our Latest Research Report on SEGROSEGRO Stock Up 0.7 %Insider Buying and SellingSGRO opened at GBX 883.40 ($11.48) on Thursday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 42.10  a current ratio of 1.30 and a quick ratio of 0.62. The business has a 50 day simple moving average of GBX 905.49 and a 200-day simple moving average of GBX 886.50. The stock has a market capitalization of £11.93 billion  a P/E ratio of -4 211.43  a P/E/G ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.79. SEGRO has a 12 month low of GBX 675 ($8.77) and a 12 month high of GBX 949 ($12.33).In other news  insider David J. R. Sleath sold 108 420 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday  May 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 893 ($11.60)  for a total value of £968 190.60 ($1 258 043.92). 0.27% of the stock is currently owned by insiders.SEGRO Company Profile(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['JPMorgan Chase', 'Price Target', 'Co.', 'SEGRO', 'SGRO', 'GBX', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'David J. R. Sleath', '50 day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Digital Look reports', '10.4 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'several other reports', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'Get Free Report', 'average target price', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Latest Research Report', 'SEGRO Company Profile', 'average rating', 'average price', 'email address', 'UBS Group', 'SEGRO Daily', 'price target', 'other news', 'latest news', 'equities researchers', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'overweight” rating', 'potential upside', 'previous close', 'hold” rating', 'July 29th', 'neutral” rating', 'Three analysts', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'total value', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'related companies', 'Insider Buying', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'SEGRO alerts', 'SEGRO Stock', 'SGRO', 'Co.', 'GBX', 'Thursday', 'brokerage', 'subject', 'Monday', 'objective', 'Tuesday', 'Selling', 'debt', 'business', 'beta', '12 month', '108,420 shares', 'transaction', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'insiders', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers', 'Reading']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,etfdailynews.com
44778,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/wolters-kluwer-leading-us-economists-anticipate-a-slowdown-in-gdp-growth-no-recession-93CH-3583492,Wolters Kluwer: Leading U.S. economists anticipate a slowdown in GDP growth  no recession By Investing.com,Wolters Kluwer: Leading U.S. economists anticipate a slowdown in GDP growth  no recession,Wolters Kluwer Blue Chip Economic Indicators shows 93% of economists expect 1st rate cut to occur in SeptemberNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer has published the August 2024 issue of its Blue Chip Economic Indicators survey  which finds a majority (79%) of the panel's 49 leading economists predicting that the U.S. economy has yet to feel the full restraint of earlier Fed rate hikes. However  the survey also indicates broad consensus that the economy will circumvent a recession to achieve the desired soft landing following an initial slowdown in GDP growth.Since 1976  Wolters Kluwer Blue Chip Economic Indicators has been the leading monthly forecast sourced from an expert panel of economists that are employed by some of America's largest and most respected manufacturers  banks  insurance companies.Highlights include:Most economists (93%) expect the first Fed rate cut to occur in September  up from 55% last month.Only 17% of economists believe that the first rate cut will equate to 50 basis points (bps)  while the vast majority (83%) anticipate a cut of 25bps.Economists anticipate that GDP growth will slow to 1.5% by next quarter before gradually rebounding to an above-trend 2.1% in the fourth quarter of next year.The consensus forecast places only a 28% probability that inflation readings will turn up again in the second half of 2024.Each month's Blue Chip Economic Indicators survey highlights the predictions of each individual panel member as well as a consensus “ or average “ forecast for the direction of variables such as real gross domestic product (GDP)  consumer price index and the unemployment rate.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook (NASDAQ: )  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240822219358/en/Frank ReadyManager  External CommunicationsLegal & RegulatoryWolters KluwerOffice: 717-205-3647Email: Frank.Ready@wolterskluwer.comSource: Wolters Kluwer,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Leading U.S. economists', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'GDP growth', 'slowdown', 'recession', 'Investing', 'Wolters Kluwer Blue Chip Economic Indicators', 'Blue Chip Economic Indicators survey', 'real gross domestic product', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'earlier Fed rate hikes', 'first Fed rate cut', 'first rate cut', 'consumer price index', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', '1st rate cut', 'U.S. economy', 'individual panel member', 'Frank Ready Manager', 'leading monthly forecast', 'unemployment rate', 'consensus forecast', 'average “ forecast', 'NEW YORK', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'August 2024 issue', 'full restraint', 'broad consensus', 'soft landing', 'initial slowdown', 'expert panel', 'respected manufacturers', 'insurance companies', '50 basis points', 'next quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'next year', 'inflation readings', 'second half', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'External Communications', '49 leading economists', 'GDP growth', 'vast majority', 'source version', 'Most economists', 'September', 'recession', 'America', 'largest', 'banks', 'Highlights', '25bps', 'trend', '28% probability', 'predictions', 'direction', 'variables', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'NASDAQ', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', 'Email']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,investing.com
44779,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/08/22/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-position-lowered-by-fifth-third-bancorp/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) Position Lowered by Fifth Third Bancorp,Fifth Third Bancorp reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 6.1% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 11 965 …,Fifth Third Bancorp reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 6.1% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 11 965 shares of the company’s stock after selling 774 shares during the quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $1 966 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. International Assets Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter worth about $1 051 000. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $694 000. RWA Wealth Partners LLC boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 83.5% in the fourth quarter. RWA Wealth Partners LLC now owns 5 805 shares of the company’s stock valued at $916 000 after acquiring an additional 2 642 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $5 228 000. Finally  GAMMA Investing LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter worth approximately $38 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.7 %Shares of NYSEARCA RSP opened at $172.60 on Thursday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $173.08. The company has a market cap of $57.81 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The stock’s 50 day simple moving average is $166.95 and its 200 day simple moving average is $164.95.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Fifth Third Bancorp', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'New York State Common Retirement Fund', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'International Assets Investment Management LLC', 'Several other institutional investors', 'RWA Wealth Partners LLC', '50 day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Daiwa Securities Group Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'GAMMA Investing LLC', 'Fifth Third Bancorp', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Free Report', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'recent quarter', 'new position', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new stake', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'NYSEARCA RSP', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 2,642 shares', '11,965 shares', '774 shares', '5,805 shares', 'company', 'stock', 'holdings', 'end', 'period', 'Thursday', 'price', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,etfdailynews.com
44780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2933954/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Aug 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7027 £ 25.7075 Estimated MTD return 0.20 % 0.22 % Estimated YTD return 4.19 % 4.63 % Estimated ITD return 187.03 % 157.07 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 27.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.93 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 200.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.42 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 258.9339 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 137.7305The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44781,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2933955/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Aug 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7027 £ 25.7075 Estimated MTD return 0.20 % 0.22 % Estimated YTD return 4.19 % 4.63 % Estimated ITD return 187.03 % 157.07 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 27.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.93 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 200.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.42 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 258.9339 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 137.7305The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44782,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/08/22/public-storage-nysepsa-sets-new-52-week-high-at-325-12/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Sets New 52-Week High at $325.12,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) shares reached a new 52-week high during mid-day trading on Tuesday . The stock traded as high as $325.12 and last traded at $323.80  with a volume of 27880 shares changing hands. The stock had previously closed at …,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) shares reached a new 52-week high during mid-day trading on Tuesday . The stock traded as high as $325.12 and last traded at $323.80  with a volume of 27880 shares changing hands. The stock had previously closed at $323.08.Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthPSA has been the subject of a number of research reports. Barclays decreased their price objective on Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday  May 20th. Bank of America cut shares of Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 target price for the company. in a report on Monday  August 5th. Truist Financial lowered shares of Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $306.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday  August 1st. Scotiabank decreased their price objective on Public Storage from $314.00 to $308.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday  August 7th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company lifted their target price on Public Storage from $310.00 to $320.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday  July 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have given a hold rating  five have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $309.92.Get Public Storage alerts:Check Out Our Latest Research Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Price PerformanceThe business has a fifty day moving average of $300.32 and a 200 day moving average of $285.36. The firm has a market cap of $57.37 billion  a P/E ratio of 29.77  a PEG ratio of 5.28 and a beta of 0.65. The company has a quick ratio of 0.93  a current ratio of 0.93 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.20 by ($1.54). The business had revenue of $921.70 million for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.16 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.55% and a net margin of 44.88%. The business’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year  the firm posted $4.28 earnings per share. On average  sell-side analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.74 earnings per share for the current year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  September 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  September 13th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday  September 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.66%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is currently 108.99%.Insider Transactions at Public StorageIn related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday  June 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $274.29  for a total value of $109 716.00. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 3 214 shares in the company  valued at approximately $881 568.06. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC  which can be accessed through this link. 11.00% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders.Institutional Inflows and OutflowsA number of institutional investors and hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. grew its stake in shares of Public Storage by 1.0% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 20 946 291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $6 075 681 000 after acquiring an additional 217 487 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 4.2% during the first quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 5 432 643 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 575 794 000 after purchasing an additional 219 391 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $821 151 000. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 8.8% in the fourth quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. now owns 2 687 170 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $794 161 000 after buying an additional 216 331 shares during the period. Finally  APG Asset Management US Inc. grew its position in Public Storage by 4.8% during the second quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. now owns 2 202 117 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $623 485 000 after buying an additional 100 000 shares in the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['New 52-Week High', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'APG Asset Management US Inc.', 'Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.', 'Wall Street Analysts Forecast Growth', 'real estate investment trust', 'fifty day moving average', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Vanguard Group Inc.', '200 day moving average', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'sector perform” rating', 'consensus price target', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Public Storage alerts', 'strong buy rating', 'Latest Research Report', 'Get Free Report', 'average price', 'side analysts', '$318.00 target price', '$306.00 price target', 'price objective', 'buy” rating', 'consensus rating', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'research reports', 'research note', 'consensus estimate', 'overweight” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'mid-day trading', 'May 20th', 'Truist Financial', 'Wells Fargo', 'One analyst', 'market cap', 'net margin', 'prior year', 'current year', 'September 30th', 'ex-dividend date', 'related news', 'total value', 'corporate insiders', 'Institutional Inflows', 'institutional investors', 'hedge funds', 'same quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'second quarter', 'sell rating', 'equity ratio', 'Norges Bank', 'August 1st', 'earnings results', 'Insider Transactions', 'new stake', 'additional 217,487 shares', 'additional 219,391 shares', 'additional 216,331 shares', 'additional 100,000 shares', '$3.00 dividend', '4.28 earnings', '16.74 earnings', '27880 shares', '400 shares', '3,214 shares', '20,946,291 shares', '5,432,643 shares', '2,687,170 shares', '2,202,117 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Tuesday', 'stock', 'volume', 'hands', 'subject', 'number', 'Barclays', 'company', 'Monday', 'America', 'Thursday', 'Scotiabank', 'Wednesday', 'Friday', 'July', 'MarketBeat', 'business', 'firm', 'beta', 'debt', 'revenue', 'return', 'Shareholders', 'record', '13th', 'sale', 'document', 'link', 'Outflows', 'stakes', 'holdings', 'period', 'position', '52', '44.']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,etfdailynews.com
44783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2934451/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-EUR-Extension-of-deadline-for-elections-and-the-provision-of-documentation.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation underthe Rollover Option to 29 August 2024On 25 June 2024  the Company published a shareholder circular concerning the Rollover Option being made available to Eligible Shareholders (the ""Circular""). The Board recognises that a number of Shareholders have expressed their willingness to participate in the Rollover Option but have been unable to meet the deadline of Close of Business on 22 August 2024 for the making of elections and the provision of certain documentation  as set out in the Circular.As a result  the Board has decided to extend the deadline for the receipt of Election Forms  TTE Instructions and/or the delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland (as applicable)  Application Forms and AML Documentation (the ""Election Date"" and ""Documentation Date""  as defined in the Circular) to Close of Business on 29 August 2024   in order to ensure that all Eligible Shareholders wishing to participate in the Rollover Option have the opportunity to do so.For the avoidance of doubt  any duly submitted Election Form in respect of which a TTE Instruction or delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland was pending (or vice versa) as at the original Election Date will continue to be valid for the purposes of the extended deadline.Shareholders should refer to the Circular for full details of the Rollover Option  including the procedure for the making of elections and the submission of the relevant documentation.Unless otherwise defined  capitalised terms used in this announcement shall have the same meaning as set out in the Circular.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan+44 20 3751 5389JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) LimitedSecretary+44 (0) 1481 70240022 August 2024Website: www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Master Fund ICAV have been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.END OF ANNOUNCEMENTAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Boussard', 'EUR', 'Extension', 'deadline', 'elections', 'provision', 'documentation', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'BG Master Fund ICAV', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'expert financial advice', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'original Election Date', 'Dutch Authority', 'original investment', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Limited Secretary', 'Election Forms', 'The Company', 'Rollover Option', 'TTE Instructions', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'Application Forms', 'full details', 'capitalised terms', 'same meaning', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'Documentation Date', 'other jurisdiction', 'AML Documentation', 'relevant documentation', 'registration number', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'The Board', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'extended deadline', 'The Shares', 'ANNOUNCEMENT Attachment', 'shareholder circular', 'information purposes', 'Boussard', 'laws', '5493002XNM3W9D6DF327', 'Extension', 'elections', 'provision', '29 August', '25 June', 'willingness', 'Business', '22 August', 'making', 'receipt', 'delivery', 'order', 'opportunity', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'respect', 'procedure', 'submission', 'LLP', 'Website', 'bgholdingltd', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', '44']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/08/22/barclays-increases-public-storage-nysepsa-price-target-to-374-00/,Barclays Increases Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Price Target to $374.00,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) had its price target upped by equities research analysts at Barclays from $327.00 to $374.00 in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday  Benzinga reports. The firm presently has an “overweight”…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) had its price target upped by equities research analysts at Barclays from $327.00 to $374.00 in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday  Benzinga reports. The firm presently has an “overweight” rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Barclays‘s target price would indicate a potential upside of 14.10% from the company’s current price.Several other equities analysts also recently commented on PSA. Evercore ISI upped their price target on shares of Public Storage from $289.00 to $300.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research note on Monday  July 15th. Wells Fargo & Company increased their target price on shares of Public Storage from $310.00 to $320.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday  July 26th. Truist Financial downgraded shares of Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $306.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Thursday  August 1st. Scotiabank reduced their price target on Public Storage from $314.00 to $308.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday  August 7th. Finally  Bank of America cut Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday  August 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have assigned a hold rating  five have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat  the company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $313.83.Get Public Storage alerts:View Our Latest Analysis on PSAPublic Storage Stock PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA traded down $0.02 during trading on Thursday  reaching $327.77. 26 736 shares of the stock were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 710 016. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $329.74. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $300.32 and a 200-day moving average price of $285.36. The company has a current ratio of 0.93  a quick ratio of 0.93 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72. The firm has a market cap of $57.37 billion  a PE ratio of 29.77  a PEG ratio of 5.28 and a beta of 0.65.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.20 by ($1.54). Public Storage had a net margin of 44.88% and a return on equity of 36.55%. The firm had revenue of $921.70 million during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.16 billion. During the same quarter last year  the firm earned $4.28 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Research analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.74 EPS for the current fiscal year.Insider Activity at Public StorageIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Monday  June 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $274.29  for a total value of $109 716.00. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 3 214 shares in the company  valued at $881 568.06. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC  which is accessible through this hyperlink. 11.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders.Institutional Trading of Public StorageA number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 1.0% during the 1st quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 20 946 291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $6 075 681 000 after acquiring an additional 217 487 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 4.2% during the first quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 5 432 643 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 575 794 000 after purchasing an additional 219 391 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $821 151 000. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. raised its holdings in Public Storage by 8.8% in the 4th quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. now owns 2 687 170 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $794 161 000 after buying an additional 216 331 shares during the last quarter. Finally  APG Asset Management US Inc. boosted its position in Public Storage by 4.8% during the 2nd quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. now owns 2 202 117 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $623 485 000 after buying an additional 100 000 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.About Public Storage(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'Price Target', 'Barclays', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'APG Asset Management US Inc.', 'Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'Several other equities analysts', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'One equities research analyst', '50-day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'other Public Storage news', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Shares', 'Vanguard Group Inc.', 'equities research analysts', 'current fiscal year', 'Get Free Report', 'sector perform” rating', 'average price target', 'quarterly earnings results', 'Public Storage alerts', 'strong buy rating', 'current price', 'target price', '$306.00 price target', '$318.00 price objective', 'average rating', 'average volume', 'research report', 'research note', 'current ratio', 'Insider Activity', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'sell rating', 'potential upside', 'Evercore ISI', 'Wells Fargo', 'Truist Financial', 'Latest Analysis', 'quick ratio', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'net margin', 'total value', 'hedge funds', 'same quarter', '1st quarter', 'last quarter', 'first quarter', 'fourth quarter', '4th quarter', '2nd quarter', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'August 1st', '12 month low', 'equity ratio', 'Institutional Trading', 'Norges Bank', 'new position', 'Institutional investors', 'additional 217,487 shares', 'additional 219,391 shares', 'additional 216,331 shares', 'additional 100,000 shares', '$4.28 earnings', '26,736 shares', '400 shares', '3,214 shares', '20,946,291 shares', '5,432,643 shares', '2,687,170 shares', '2,202,117 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Barclays', 'clients', 'Thursday', 'Benzinga', 'firm', 'company', 'line', 'Monday', 'July', 'Friday', 'Scotiabank', 'Wednesday', 'America', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'debt', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'EPS', 'return', 'revenue', 'business', 'transaction', 'document', 'hyperlink', 'insiders', 'number', 'stakes', 'holdings', 'period', '14.', '44.']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,etfdailynews.com
44785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/08/22/mercialys-otcmktsmeiyf-kite-realty-group-trust-nysekrg-critical-review/,Mercialys (OTCMKTS:MEIYF) & Kite Realty Group Trust (NYSE:KRG) Critical Review,Mercialys (OTCMKTS:MEIYF – Get Free Report) and Kite Realty Group Trust (NYSE:KRG – Get Free Report) are both real estate companies  but which is the superior stock? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends  risk  analyst re…,Mercialys (OTCMKTS:MEIYF – Get Free Report) and Kite Realty Group Trust (NYSE:KRG – Get Free Report) are both real estate companies  but which is the superior stock? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends  risk  analyst recommendations  profitability  institutional ownership  earnings and valuation.ProfitabilityThis table compares Mercialys and Kite Realty Group Trust’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Get Mercialys alerts:Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Mercialys N/A N/A N/A Kite Realty Group Trust -2.95% -0.69% -0.35%Analyst RecommendationsThis is a summary of recent ratings and price targets for Mercialys and Kite Realty Group Trust  as provided by MarketBeat.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Mercialys 0 0 0 0 N/A Kite Realty Group Trust 1 1 4 1 2.71Insider and Institutional OwnershipKite Realty Group Trust has a consensus price target of $26.57  indicating a potential upside of 4.80%. Given Kite Realty Group Trust’s higher possible upside  analysts plainly believe Kite Realty Group Trust is more favorable than Mercialys.19.3% of Mercialys shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively  90.8% of Kite Realty Group Trust shares are held by institutional investors. 2.0% of Kite Realty Group Trust shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers  hedge funds and endowments believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.Valuation & EarningsThis table compares Mercialys and Kite Realty Group Trust’s gross revenue  earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Mercialys N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Kite Realty Group Trust $827.37 million 6.73 $47.50 million $0.26 97.52Kite Realty Group Trust has higher revenue and earnings than Mercialys.SummaryKite Realty Group Trust beats Mercialys on 6 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks.About Mercialys(Get Free Report)Mercialys is one of France's leading real estate companies. It is specialized in the holding  management and transformation of retail spaces  anticipating consumer trends  on its own behalf and for third parties. At December 31  2023  Mercialys had a real estate portfolio valued at Euro 2.9 billion (including transfer taxes). Its portfolio of 2 038 leases represents an annualized rental base of Euro 175.5 million. Mercialys has been listed on the stock market since October 12  2005 (ticker: MERY) and has SIIC real estate investment trust (REIT) tax status. Part of the SBF 120 and Euronext Paris Compartment B  it had 93 886 501 shares outstanding at December 31  2023.About Kite Realty Group Trust(Get Free Report)Kite Realty Group Trust (NYSE: KRG) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in Indianapolis  IN that is one of the largest publicly traded owners and operators of open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets. The Company’s primarily grocery-anchored portfolio is located in high-growth Sun Belt and select strategic gateway markets. The combination of necessity-based grocery-anchored neighborhood and community centers  along with vibrant mixed-use assets makes the KRG portfolio an ideal mix for both retailers and consumers. Publicly listed since 2004  KRG has nearly 60 years of experience in developing  constructing and operating real estate. Using operational  investment  development  and redevelopment expertise  KRG continuously optimizes its portfolio to maximize value and return to shareholders. As of December 31  2023  the Company owned interests in 180 U.S. open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets  comprising approximately 28.1 million square feet of gross leasable space.Receive News & Ratings for Mercialys Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercialys and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.87,0.12,positive,0.64,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['Kite Realty Group Trust', 'Critical Review', 'Mercialys', 'OTCMKTS', 'MEIYF', 'NYSE', 'KRG', 'Mercialys N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Kite Realty Group Trust', 'Mercialys N/A N/A N/A Kite Realty Group Trust', 'Kite Realty Group Trust shares', 'SIIC real estate investment trust', '180 U.S. open-air shopping centers', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'largest publicly traded owners', 'leading real estate companies', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'operating real estate', 'Get Free Report', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'real estate portfolio', 'large money managers', 'annualized rental base', 'high-growth Sun Belt', 'strategic gateway markets', '28.1 million square feet', 'gross leasable space', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'consensus price target', 'necessity-based grocery-anchored neighborhood', 'Get Mercialys alerts', 'higher possible upside', 'REIT) tax status', 'concise daily summary', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'Net Income Earnings', 'vibrant mixed-use assets', 'Net Margins Return', 'Mercialys shares', 'community centers', 'Mercialys Daily', 'email address', 'related companies', 'higher revenue', 'recent ratings', 'Sell Ratings', 'price targets', 'potential upside', 'grocery-anchored portfolio', 'institutional investors', ""analysts' ratings"", 'superior stock', 'two businesses', 'analyst recommendations', 'hedge funds', 'long term', 'Sales Ratio', 'Share Price', 'two stocks', 'retail spaces', 'consumer trends', 'third parties', 'transfer taxes', 'ideal mix', 'redevelopment expertise', 'company insiders', 'Earnings Ratio', 'stock market', 'The Company', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', '93,886,501 shares', 'KRG portfolio', 'Equity Return', 'NYSE:KRG', 'OTCMKTS', 'MEIYF', 'strength', 'dividends', 'risk', 'profitability', 'valuation', 'table', 'indication', 'endowments', 'EPS', '9 factors', 'France', 'holding', 'management', 'transformation', 'behalf', 'December', '2,038 leases', 'October', 'MERY', 'SBF 120', 'Indianapolis', 'operators', 'combination', 'retailers', 'consumers', '60 years', 'experience', 'developing', 'value', 'shareholders', 'interests', '4.']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,etfdailynews.com
44786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2934450/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-GBP-Extension-of-deadline-for-elections-and-the-provision-of-documentation.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (GBP): Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (the “Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327Extension of deadline for elections and the provision of documentation underthe Rollover Option to 29 August 2024On 25 June 2024  the Company published a shareholder circular concerning the Rollover Option being made available to Eligible Shareholders (the ""Circular""). The Board recognises that a number of Shareholders have expressed their willingness to participate in the Rollover Option but have been unable to meet the deadline of Close of Business on 22 August 2024 for the making of elections and the provision of certain documentation  as set out in the Circular.As a result  the Board has decided to extend the deadline for the receipt of Election Forms  TTE Instructions and/or the delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland (as applicable)  Application Forms and AML Documentation (the ""Election Date"" and ""Documentation Date""  as defined in the Circular) to Close of Business on 29 August 2024   in order to ensure that all Eligible Shareholders wishing to participate in the Rollover Option have the opportunity to do so.For the avoidance of doubt  any duly submitted Election Form in respect of which a TTE Instruction or delivery of Shares via Euroclear Nederland was pending (or vice versa) as at the original Election Date will continue to be valid for the purposes of the extended deadline.Shareholders should refer to the Circular for full details of the Rollover Option  including the procedure for the making of elections and the submission of the relevant documentation.Unless otherwise defined  capitalised terms used in this announcement shall have the same meaning as set out in the Circular.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan+44 20 3751 5389JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) LimitedSecretary+44 (0) 1481 70240022 August 2024Website: www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Master Fund ICAV have been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.END OF ANNOUNCEMENTAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Boussard', 'GBP', 'Extension', 'deadline', 'elections', 'provision', 'documentation', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'BG Master Fund ICAV', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'expert financial advice', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'original Election Date', 'Dutch Authority', 'original investment', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Limited Secretary', 'Election Forms', 'The Company', 'Rollover Option', 'TTE Instructions', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'Application Forms', 'full details', 'capitalised terms', 'same meaning', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'Documentation Date', 'other jurisdiction', 'AML Documentation', 'relevant documentation', 'registration number', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'The Board', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'extended deadline', 'The Shares', 'ANNOUNCEMENT Attachment', 'shareholder circular', 'information purposes', 'Boussard', 'laws', '5493002XNM3W9D6DF327', 'Extension', 'elections', 'provision', '29 August', '25 June', 'willingness', 'Business', '22 August', 'making', 'receipt', 'delivery', 'order', 'opportunity', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'respect', 'procedure', 'submission', 'LLP', 'Website', 'bgholdingltd', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', '44']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2933947/0/en/Aegon-appoints-Shawn-C-D-Johnson-as-CEO-of-Aegon-Asset-Management.html,Aegon appoints Shawn C.D. Johnson as CEO of Aegon Asset Management,The Hague  August 22  2024 - Aegon today announces the appointment of Shawn C.D. Johnson as the new CEO of Aegon Asset Management (Aegon AM) and member of Aegon’s Executive Committee  effective September 23. Shawn succeeds Bas NieuweWeme  who has decided to l…,"The Hague  August 22  2024 - Aegon today announces the appointment of Shawn C.D. Johnson as the new CEO of Aegon Asset Management (Aegon AM) and member of Aegon’s Executive Committee  effective September 23. Shawn succeeds Bas NieuweWeme  who has decided to leave to pursue career opportunities outside of Aegon. To enable a smooth transition  Bas will stay on as an advisor until December 1.Shawn brings a wealth of experience to Aegon AM  having most recently served as CEO of AMP Capital  an international investment manager based in Australia  where he successfully led the company through a period of strategic transformation. During his distinguished career he also founded Guidon Global LLC  advising top institutional investors  and had a 15-year tenure at State Street Global Advisors  a global investment manager  where he chaired the Investment Committee and played a key role in guiding the firm’s global investment strategies.Lard Friese  CEO of Aegon  commented: “Shawn’s appointment comes at a natural moment for Aegon AM following the completion of key milestones. Shawn’s extensive expertise in asset management  combined with his strategic consulting and leadership acumen  make him uniquely qualified to guide Aegon AM through the next phase of its transformation. I am confident that Shawn  along with Aegon AM’s executive team  will build on our strong foundation to achieve sustainable  profitable growth and further strengthen our competitive position in the industry.”Shawn Johnson said: “I am excited to join Aegon AM and look forward to working with the teams on the next phase of the strategy to support Aegon’s ambition to create leading businesses in investment  protection and retirement solutions.”Lard Friese continued: “I would like to thank Bas NieuweWeme for his many contributions to our business since he joined Aegon in 2019. Under his leadership  Aegon AM has become a more client-driven organization and demonstrated strong growth in its global platforms third-party business and alternatives business. Bas played a key role in moving the organization towards a global platform that operates under one brand to leverage Aegon AM’s international expertise and product suite to better serve our clients.”Bas NieuweWeme commented: “After five years in the role  this is a natural moment to reflect. I am proud to see what we have accomplished together  and it is the right time to embark on a new chapter in my career and allow a new CEO to take the business forward. I am grateful to have enjoyed the trust of my colleagues  our clients  and other stakeholders.”ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier +31(0) 62 741 1546 +31(0) 70 344 8028 richard.mackillican@aegon.com yves.cormier@aegon.comAbout AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company. Aegon’s ambition is to build leading businesses that offer their customers investment  protection  and retirement solutions. Aegon’s portfolio of businesses includes fully owned businesses in the United States and United Kingdom  and a global asset manager. Aegon also creates value by combining its international expertise with strong local partners via insurance joint-ventures in Spain & Portugal  China  and Brazil  and via asset management partnerships in France and China. In addition  Aegon owns a Bermuda-based life insurer and generates value via a strategic shareholding in a market leading Dutch insurance and pensions company.Aegon’s purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  Aegon seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  domiciled in Bermuda  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against Aegon’s environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  health and safety laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in Bermuda  the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds; The impact from volatility in credit  equity  and interest rates;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of applicable Bermuda solvency requirements  the European Union’s Solvency II requirements  and applicable equivalent solvency requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes in the European Commissions’ or European regulator’s position on the equivalence of the supervisory regime for insurance and reinsurance undertakings in force in Bermuda;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products and management of derivatives;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;Third-party information used by us may prove to be inaccurate and change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve impacting our results and disclosures;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which Aegon does business  may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows  and Aegon may be unable to adopt to and apply new technologies;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European Monetary Union in whole or in part  or further consequences of the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  or the interpretation thereof by regulators and courts  including as a result of comprehensive reform or shifts away from multilateral approaches to regulation of global or national operations  particularly regarding those laws and regulations related to ESG matters  those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers and Aegon’s intellectual property;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  insurance industries and enforcing adjustments in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII);Changes in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels;Changes in ESG standards and requirements  including assumptions  methodology and materiality  or a change by Aegon in applying such standards and requirements  voluntarily or otherwise  may affect Aegon’s ability to meet evolving standards and requirements  or Aegon’s ability to meet its sustainability and ESG-related goals  or related public expectations  which may also negatively affect Aegon’s reputation or the reputation of its board of directors or its management; andReliance on third-party information in certain of Aegon’s disclosures  which may change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve. These factors  as well as any inaccuracies in third-party information used by Aegon  including in estimates or assumptions  may cause results to differ materially and adversely from statements  estimates  and beliefs made by Aegon or third-parties. Moreover  Aegon’s disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements  availability of information  changes in its business or applicable governmental policies  or other factors  some of which may be beyond Aegon’s control. Additionally  Aegon's discussion of various ESG and other sustainability issues in this document or in other locations  including on our corporate website  may be informed by the interests of various stakeholders  as well as various ESG standards  frameworks  and regulations (including for the measurement and assessment of underlying data). As such  our disclosures on such issues  including climate-related disclosures  may include information that is not necessarily ""material"" under US securities laws for SEC reporting purposes  even if we use words such as ""material"" or ""materiality"" in relation to those statements. ESG expectations continue to evolve  often quickly  including for matters outside of our control; our disclosures are inherently dependent on the methodology (including any related assumptions or estimates) and data used  and there can be no guarantee that such disclosures will necessarily reflect or be consistent with the preferred practices or interpretations of particular stakeholders  either currently or in future.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2023 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.12,0.44,True,English,"['Shawn C.D. Johnson', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'CEO', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier', 'international financial services holding company', 'State Street Global Advisors', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'market leading Dutch insurance', 'global platforms third-party business', 'Shawn C.D. Johnson', 'leading global investor', 'Guidon Global LLC', 'top institutional investors', 'Bermuda-based life insurer', 'global asset manager', 'sustainable, profitable growth', 'asset management partnerships', 'strong local partners', 'global investment manager', 'global investment strategies', 'international investment manager', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'Media relations', 'financial prospects', 'international expertise', 'insurance joint-ventures', 'strong growth', 'pensions company', 'Shawn Johnson', 'new chapter', 'strong foundation', 'leading businesses', 'Investment Committee', 'The Hague', 'new CEO', 'Executive Committee', 'smooth transition', 'AMP Capital', '15-year tenure', 'Lard Friese', 'natural moment', 'key milestones', 'extensive expertise', 'strategic consulting', 'next phase', 'executive team', 'competitive position', 'retirement solutions', 'many contributions', 'alternatives business', 'one brand', 'product suite', 'five years', 'right time', 'other stakeholders', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'strategic shareholding', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'economic conditions', 'social targets', 'other events', 'future events', 'future performance', 'career opportunities', 'distinguished career', 'key role', 'Bas NieuweWeme', 'Forward-looking statements', 'strategic transformation', 'leadership acumen', 'client-driven organization', 'critical environmental', 'More information', 'Aegon AM', 'appointment', 'member', 'December', 'wealth', 'experience', 'Australia', 'period', 'firm', 'completion', 'industry', 'teams', 'strategy', 'ambition', 'protection', 'clients', 'trust', 'colleagues', 'Contacts', 'customers', 'portfolio', 'value', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'China', 'Brazil', 'France', 'addition', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'focus', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Netherlands', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'expectations', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2933941/0/en/Biotalys-Reports-Half-Year-2024-Financial-Results-and-Business-Highlights.html,Biotalys Reports Half-Year 2024 Financial Results and Business Highlights,Press release – regulated information          Continued progress in regulatory review of its...,"Press release – regulated informationContinued progress in regulatory review of its first candidate biofungicide EVOCA™*Dutch Authority CTGB approved large scale demonstration trials with EVOCA while allowing sale of harvestCommenced field trials for second biofungicide to expand potential product lineInitiated an AI project with Google DeepMind and Devoteam using AlphaFold2Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €14.7 million as of the end of June 2024Management to host a conference call and live webcast at 15:00 CEST / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET today  details belowGhent  BELGIUM  Aug. 22  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  today announces its key business achievements and consolidated financial results for the first half of 2024  prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ as adopted by the European Union. The complete half-year report including the interim financial results is available here on the Biotalys website.Kevin Helash  Chief Executive Officer of Biotalys  noted: “The first half of 2024 heralded key milestones for Biotalys in our mission to transform crop protection  such as the partnership with Novonesis for EVOCA NG and the initiation of field trials for BioFun-6  our second biofungicide candidate. Further to the development of EVOCA  I am very pleased to announce we just received approval by the Dutch regulatory authority to do large scale demonstration trials with the product in the Netherlands. The authority has also allowed the sale of the harvested produce for human consumption.”Helash added: “As a result of the measures implemented at the end of last year to control costs  we have been able to considerably reduce our operating cash burn in the first half of this year. We will continue to concentrate our resources on applying the targeted approach to our research platform  as well as on progressing our various pipeline programs. We will consider additional financing such as through equity  newly awarded grants and partnerships to execute our strategy to transforming crop protection.”Regulatory update for EVOCABiotalys continues to work closely with the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency) in the United States and the CTGB (College voor de Toelating van Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen en Biociden) in Europe on EVOCA’s regulatory review. In the U.S.   the EPA’s review is progressing and Biotalys has not received additional questions from the authority on the dossier in 2024. Meanwhile  Biotalys is preparing a regulatory dossier for its next generation of the product  EVOCA NG  for submission. As EVOCA NG has the same bioactive as EVOCA with an optimized production process and formulation which is expected to lower production costs  the company plans to apply for an amendment procedure  which is anticipated to have a shorter review time compared to a standard procedure. In Europe   the rapporteur Member State is The Netherlands where the CTGB (College voor de Toelating Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen en Biociden) is currently reviewing the regulatory dossier. CTGB recently requested additional information  which the company plans to submit next week allowing the authority to finalise its review and send its report to the European level for peer review by EFSA and the European Member States. For EVOCA NG  the company plans to apply at EU level for an equivalency procedure  with a significantly shorter review timeline. On 21 August 2024  the same CTGB granted Biotalys the approval to test EVOCA in large scale demonstration trials   allowing application of the product against powdery mildew in 40 hectares of tomatoes  20 hectares of cucumbers and 10 hectares of strawberries. Importantly  it will also be allowed to sell the fruits and vegetables resulting from these trials for human consumption.** This is an exemption to standard practices requiring crop destruction when a product is used that has not yet received regulatory approval. This decision reinforces Biotalys’ confidence that the product is safe to use.regulatory review.H1 2024 highlightsBiotalys has continued to take major steps forward on the path to commercialization of EVOCA’s next generation version  EVOCA NG  which is expected to be the company’s first margin-generating product . Thereto  Biotalys and Novonesis entered into a long-term collaboration agreement  advancing EVOCA NG to the final stage of development.which is expected to be the company’s first margin-generating product Thereto  Biotalys and Novonesis entered into a long-term collaboration agreement  advancing EVOCA NG to the final stage of development. Leveraging its advanced fermentation capabilities  Novonesis will serve as the global manufacturing partner for the production of EVOCA NG. Novonesis will have the rights to distribute and sell EVOCA NG in select crops outside of the United States  while Biobest will sell the product in select markets to help control the devastating fungal disease botrytis in fruits and vegetables. The companies are also discussing the potential of additional collaborations such as combining the Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform with Novonesis' biosolutions technology.Novonesis will have the rights to distribute and sell EVOCA NG in select crops outside of the United States  while Biobest will sell the product in select markets to help control the devastating fungal disease botrytis in fruits and vegetables. The companies are also discussing the potential of additional collaborations such as combining the Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform with Novonesis' biosolutions technology. Field trials for BioFun-6   the company’s second biofungicide program targeting botrytis  powdery mildew and anthracnose in high-value fruits and vegetables  are now also underway in both Europe and the United States. Initial results are expected later this year.the company’s second biofungicide program targeting botrytis  powdery mildew and anthracnose in high-value fruits and vegetables  are now also underway in both Europe and the United States. Initial results are expected later this year. Biotalys entered into additional academic collaborations with leading researchers in plant science to advance its biocontrols pipeline. Building on its established relationships with top academics  Biotalys is now progressing its research for BioFun-4  targeting Phytophthora infestans  an Oomycete (water mould) that causes late blight/potato blight  with the University of Aberdeen  and furthering BioFun-7  its ongoing R&D program in partnership with the Gates Foundation targeting leafspot disease  with the University of California-Davis.targeting Phytophthora infestans  an Oomycete (water mould) that causes late blight/potato blight  with the University of Aberdeen  its ongoing R&D program in partnership with the Gates Foundation targeting leafspot disease  with the University of California-Davis. Biotalys continued to advance its first bioinsecticide in collaboration with Syngenta Crop Protection   a top producer of insecticides  to target harmful insect pests.  a top producer of insecticides  to target harmful insect pests. Embracing the opportunity to apply artificial intelligence (AI) technology to its AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform  Biotalys recently initiated a collaboration with Google DeepMind and Devoteam on AlphaFold2  an AI platform  to predict the precise 3D shapes of proteins. As the AGROBODY platform applies a targeted approach requiring the detailed characterization of target proteins of the fungal diseases or pests  Biotalys is leveraging AlphaFold2 to speed the validation of AGROBODY™ bioactive discoveries and improve its R&D and go-to-market workflows.technology platform  Biotalys recently initiated a collaboration with Google DeepMind and Devoteam on AlphaFold2  an AI platform  to predict the precise 3D shapes of proteins. As the AGROBODY platform applies a targeted approach requiring the detailed characterization of target proteins of the fungal diseases or pests  Biotalys is leveraging AlphaFold2 to speed the validation of AGROBODY™ bioactive discoveries and improve its R&D and go-to-market workflows. Biotalys’ scientific team also recently published a scientific paper exploring the biocontrol breakthroughs afforded by its AGROBODY platform  the promise of biocontrols in crop protection  and EVOCA specifically in the Journal of Plant Diseases and Protection: https://rdcu.be/dAEEh.exploring the biocontrol breakthroughs afforded by its AGROBODY platform  the promise of biocontrols in crop protection  and EVOCA specifically in the Journal of Plant Diseases and Protection: https://rdcu.be/dAEEh. Early in 2024  Biotalys again earned Top 100 status in Forward Fooding’s FoodTech 500 list  climbing to #62. FoodTech 500 ranks global entrepreneurial talent at the intersection of food  technology and sustainability. And as announced yesterday  Biotalys was granted the 2024 AgTech Breakthrough Award for Sustainable Crop Protection Company of the Year.FoodTech 500 list  climbing to #62. FoodTech 500 ranks global entrepreneurial talent at the intersection of food  technology and sustainability. And as announced yesterday  Biotalys was granted the 2024 AgTech Breakthrough Award for Sustainable Crop Protection Company of the Year. In May  Biotalys announced the appointment of Laura J. Meyer to its Board of Directors  effective 25 September 2024. Her career in agriculture spans more than 28 years in various financial roles. Until recently  she was Vice President  Investor Relations at Bayer  responsible for the Crop Science division. Laura Meyer will be a great asset to Biotalys in its commercialization and growth ambitions.* EVOCA™: Pending Registration. This product is not currently registered for sale or use in the United States  the European Union  or elsewhere and is not being offered for sale.** Decisions of the CTGB are subject to appeal during a period of six weeks following the publication of the decision.Select financial informationIn € thousands June 30  2024 June 30  2023 Other operating income 1 452 1 318 Research and development expenses (5 135) (8 661) General and administrative expenses (2 777) (2 771) Marketing expenses (113) (741) Operating loss (6 574) (10 855) Loss of the period (6 489) (10 664) Net cash used in operations (6 527) (8 516) Net cash outflow of the period (6 890) (2 208) Cash and cash equivalents 14 680 31 886Other operating income for the first half of 2024 amounted to €1.5 million  and mainly relates to amounts recognized for R&D tax incentives received and grants awarded to support ongoing R&D activities.for the first half of 2024 amounted to €1.5 million  and mainly relates to amounts recognized for R&D tax incentives received and grants awarded to support ongoing R&D activities. Research and development expenses amounted to €5.1 million for the first half year  a decrease of €3.5 million compared to the same period of 2023. These decreases primarily relate to lower costs for external R&D and material costs (-€2.3 million)  partly due to lower spending in the EVOCA project while pending EPA approval. Other decreases include lower wages & benefits (-€0.6 million) as the result of re-organization in the second half of 2023  and overall decrease in other miscellaneous operational R&D spendings.amounted to €5.1 million for the first half year  a decrease of €3.5 million compared to the same period of 2023. These decreases primarily relate to lower costs for external R&D and material costs (-€2.3 million)  partly due to lower spending in the EVOCA project while pending EPA approval. Other decreases include lower wages & benefits (-€0.6 million) as the result of re-organization in the second half of 2023  and overall decrease in other miscellaneous operational R&D spendings. General and administrative expenses remain at €2.8 million for the first half of 2024  compared to €2.8 million in the same period of 2023.remain at €2.8 million for the first half of 2024  compared to €2.8 million in the same period of 2023. Net cash used in operating activities decreased by €2.0 million  to €6.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. This decrease was primarily caused by decreases in spending on research and development expenses.OutlookBiotalys will continue to concentrate resources on obtaining registration for its first product candidate EVOCA as well as on advancing the targeted approach to our research platform.as well as on advancing the targeted approach to our research platform. Pending the regulatory decision for EVOCA  the company will continue the development of its first margin-generating product EVOCA NG in collaboration with Novonesis.of its first margin-generating product EVOCA NG in collaboration with Novonesis. Biotalys expects the results of initial field trials with BioFun-6 in grapes by the end of 2024.in grapes by the end of 2024. The company will progress its pipeline programs and expects to initiate a new R&D biofungicide program for a new pathogen later this year.and expects to initiate a new R&D biofungicide program for a new pathogen later this year. Together with the cash and cash equivalents balance of €14.7 million at the end of H1 2024  the company expects the current financial runway to extend into Q2 2025 without considering additional financing through equity  newly awarded grants  partnerships or other sources of financing.Auditor statementThe condensed consolidated financial statements for the six-months’ period ended 30 June 2024 have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ as adopted by the European Union. They do not include all the information required for the full annual financial statements and should therefore be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of Euros (unless stated otherwise). The condensed consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors. The statutory auditor  Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren/Reviseurs d’Entreprises  represented by Pieter-Jan Van Durme  has performed a limited review of the interim financial report. The interim financial report for the first half of 2024 and the review opinion of the auditor are available on www.biotalys.com.Upcoming IR eventsBiotalys updated its investor presentation and published it on its website. For a list of upcoming events  please check https://biotalys.com/media/events.Live webcast and conference callCompany management will host a live webcast to discuss its half-year 2024 results and recent business performance today  22 August 2024 at 15:00 CEST / 14:00 BST / 09:00 AM EDT.Webcast link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/igtczv4gDial-in details: To ask questions live to the management  please also register for the conference call via https://register.vevent.com/register/BI369eee1a131a4309b0a6aabb088c0f6aAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the 2023 annual report on the consolidated annual accounts and the full half-year report.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONASSETS(in thousands of euros)Note30 June202431 December2023Non-current assets 11 023 11 671 Intangible assets 606 642 Property  plant and equipment 7.8 4 509 4 863 Right-of-use assets 7.8 3 148 3 571 Deferred tax assets 19 18 Other non-current assets 2 742 2 577 Current assets 18 459 24 910 Receivables 952 750 Other financial assets 2 110 2 100 Other current assets 7.9 717 490 Cash and cash equivalents 7.10 14 680 21 570 TOTAL ASSETS 29 482 36 582EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(in thousands of euros)Note30 June202431 December2023Equity attributable to owners of the parent 19 576 25 569 Share capital 7.11 4 755 46 198 Share premium 7.11 15 588 15 488 Accumulated losses 7.11 (5 103) (40 200) Other reserves 4 336 4 082 Total equity 19 576 25 569 Non-current liabilities 5 151 5 467 Borrowings 7.12 4 521 4 841 Employee benefits obligations 26 23 Provisions 92 91 Other non-current liabilities 7.13 512 512 Current liabilities 4 755 5 546 Borrowings 7.12 964 1 232 Trade and other liabilities 1 895 2 591 Other current liabilities 7.13 1 896 1 723 Total liabilities 9 905 11 013 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 29 482 36 582The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. Please see the full interim report available on www.biotalys.com.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE 6 MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNEin € thousands Note 2024 2023 Other operating income 7.15 1 452 1 318 Research and development expenses 7.16 (5 135) (8 661) General and administrative expenses 7.16 (2 777) (2 771) Sales and marketing expenses 7.16 (113) (741) Operating loss (6 574) (10 855) Financial income 335 422 Financial expenses (161) (191) Loss before taxes (6 400) (10 624) Income taxes (89) (40) LOSS FOR THE PERIOD (6 489) (10 664) Other comprehensive income (OCI) Items of OCI that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Exchange differences on translating foreign operations 7 (3) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS OF THE PERIOD (6 482) (10 667) Basic and diluted loss per share (in €) 7.17 (0.20) (0.34) Loss for the period attributable to the owners of the Company (6 489) (10 664) Total comprehensive loss for the period attributable to the owners of the Company (6 482) (10 667)The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. Please see the full interim report available on www.biotalys.com.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE 6 MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE(in € thousands)Attributable to equity holders of the Company Other reserves Share capital Share premium Share-based payment reserve Currency translation reserve Accumulated losses Total Equity Balance at31 December 2022 44 548 10 164 3 035 29 (19 662) 38 114 Share-based payments - - 723 - - 723 Exercise of ESOP Warrants 16 12 (12) - - 16 Issuance of shares 1 634 5 366 - - - 7 000 Total comprehensive loss - - - (3) (10 664) (10 667) Balance at30 June 2023 46 198 15 542 3 746 26 (30 326) 35 187(in € thousands)Attributable to equity holders of the Company Other reserves Share capital Share premium Share-based payment reserve Currency translation reserve Accumulated losses Total Equity Balance at31 December 2023 46 198 15 488 4 060 22 (40 200) 25 569 Share-based payments - - 347 - - 347 Exercise of ESOP Warrants 142 100 (100) - - 142 Reduction of capital by absorption of losses (41 585) - - - 41 585 0 Total comprehensive loss - - - 7 (6 489) (6 482) Balance at30 June 2024 4 755 15 588 4 307 29 (5 103) 19 576The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. Please see the full interim report available on www.biotalys.com.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE 6 MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNEin € thousands Note 2024 2023 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating result (6 574) (10 855) Adjustments for: Depreciation  amortization and impairments 918 888 Share-based payment expense 348 723 R&D tax credit (440) (355) Other 9 (41) Operating cash flows before movements in working capital (5 739) (9 640) Changes in working capital: Receivables 73 447 Other current assets (227) (106) Trade and other payables (718) (953) Other current and non-current liabilities 84 1 861 Cash used in operations (6 527) (8 392) Taxes paid 0 (124) Net cash used in operating activities (6 527) (8 516) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Interest received 283 251 Purchases of property  plant and equipment 7.8 (93) (224) Proceeds from disposal of property  plant and equipment 41 - Investments in other financial assets (10) (8) Net cash provided by investing activities 221 20 CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of borrowings 7.12 (215) (211) Repayment of lease liabilities 7.12 (429) (438) Interests paid (82) (79) Proceeds from issue of equity instruments of the Company 7.11 142 7 016 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (584) 6 289 NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (6 890) (2 208) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at beginning of period 21 570 34 096 Effect of foreign exchange rates 0 (2) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at end of period 14 680 31 886The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. Please see the full interim report available on www.biotalys.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.26,0.16,True,English,"['Half-Year 2024 Financial Results', 'Business Highlights', 'Biotalys', 'College voor de Toelating Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen', 'large scale demonstration trials', 'Toelating van Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'various pipeline programs', 'rapporteur Member State', 'long-term collaboration agreement', 'advanced fermentation capabilities', 'global manufacturing partner', 'Interim Financial Reporting', 'key business achievements', 'Environmental Protection Agency', 'International Accounting Standard', 'interim financial results', 'complete half-year report', 'second biofungicide candidate', 'operating cash burn', 'shorter review time', 'next generation version', 'sustainable crop protection', 'European Member States', 'potential product line', 'first margin-generating product', 'Dutch regulatory authority', 'Dutch Authority CTGB', 'field trials', 'key milestones', 'first half', 'European Union', 'United States', 'standard procedure', 'European level', 'standard practices', 'crop destruction', 'regulatory review', 'Regulatory update', 'Press release', 'regulated information', 'AI project', 'Google DeepMind', 'cash equivalents', 'conference call', 'live webcast', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Agricultural Technology', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'human consumption', 'targeted approach', 'research platform', 'additional financing', 'U.S.', 'additional questions', 'same bioactive', 'amendment procedure', 'additional information', 'peer review', 'EU level', 'equivalency procedure', 'powdery mildew', 'H1 2024 highlights', 'major steps', 'final stage', 'select crops', 'select markets', 'devastating fungal', 'regulatory dossier', 'production process', 'same CTGB', 'EVOCA NG', 'Kevin Helash', 'last year', 'The Netherlands', 'regulatory approval', 'AgTech) company', 'Biotalys website', 'production costs', 'Biotalys’ confidence', 'progress', 'sale', 'harvest', 'Devoteam', 'AlphaFold2', 'June', 'Management', '15:00 CEST', '14:00 GMT', 'details', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Aug.', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'accordance', 'mission', 'partnership', 'Novonesis', 'initiation', 'BioFun-6', 'development', 'produce', 'measures', 'resources', 'equity', 'grants', 'strategy', 'EPA', 'Biociden', 'formulation', 'EFSA', '21 August', 'application', '40 hectares', 'tomatoes', '20 hectares', 'cucumbers', '10 hectares', 'strawberries', 'fruits', 'vegetables', 'exemption', 'decision', 'path', 'commercialization', 'Thereto', 'rights', 'Biobest', '09:00']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/22/2933944/0/en/Aegon-reports-first-half-year-2024-results.html,Aegon reports first half year 2024 results,The Hague  August 22  2024 - Please click here to access all 1H 2024 results related documents.              IFRS results        Net loss of EUR 65...,"The Hague  August 22  2024 - Please click here to access all 1H 2024 results related documents.IFRS resultsNet loss of EUR 65 million with operating result more than offset by fair value losses in the US and the impact of assumption updatesOperating result decreases by 8% compared with the first half of 2023 to EUR 750 million  reflecting unfavorable mortality experience mainly related to US Financial AssetsShareholders’ equity per share decreases by 6% compared with December 31  2023 to EUR 4.02  while CSM per share after estimated tax adjustment increases by 14% to EUR 4.17Capital generation  cash and capital managementOperating capital generation before holding funding and operating expenses decreases by 5% compared with the first half of 2023 to EUR 588 million reflecting unfavorable mortality experience in the US  and is on track to meet 2024 guidanceCapital ratios of main units increase  remaining above their respective operating levelsCash Capital at Holding remains above the operating range at EUR 2.1 billion. EUR 1.535 billion share buyback program completed in June 2024. New EUR 200 million share buyback program started in July; expected to be completed in the second half of 2024Free Cash Flow of EUR 373 million  which includes 2023 final dividend from a.s.r.2024 interim dividend of EUR 0.16 per common share  an increase of EUR 0.02 compared with 2023 interim dividendLard Friese  Aegon CEO  commented:“In the first half of 2024 we made solid progress to deliver on our strategy to create leading providers of investment  protection  and retirement solutions. This was evidenced by continued strong sales growth across all our US Strategic Assets  further growth in our UK Workplace platform and the business in Brazil  and strong third-party net deposits in our asset management business. Consistent with our strategy to reduce capital employed by US Financial Assets  we saw our capital employed fall by USD 0.4 billion  and we are on track to reduce it to EUR 2.2 billion by the end of 2027.While unfavorable mortality experience in our US Financial Assets negatively impacted both IFRS results and operating capital generation in the first half  we remain on track to meet our EUR 1.1 billion OCG guidance for 2024. Going forward  we expect the assumption updates to reduce IFRS claims experience variances and lead to an increase in our operating result. Capital ratios of our business units in the US and UK increased to 446% and 189% respectively  and our holding cash position at the half year remained above the operating range at EUR 2.1 billion.In the US  Transamerica continued to perform well. Individual Life new life sales increased to USD 245 million  up 5% compared with the prior year period. World Financial Group’s (WFG) sales force grew by 13% to almost 79 000 licensed agents  as a result of continued successful recruiting and training efforts. Net deposits for mid-sized retirement plans increased to USD 1.2 billion. This business growth also translated into an increase of US Strategic Assets CSM by 12%.In June  we outlined our plans to accelerate Aegon UK’s transformation into a leading digital savings and retirement platform. Moving to Aegon UK’s performance in the first half  net deposits at the Workplace platform increased to GBP 1.7 billion  due to the continued onboarding of new schemes and higher net deposits on existing schemes. The Adviser platform saw net outflows increase to GBP 1.8 billion  reflecting a continued reduction of customer activity due to the macroeconomic environment in the UK  and consolidation and vertical integration in non-target adviser segments.Commercial results at our global asset manager were very strong  with third-party net deposits in Global Platforms and net deposits in Strategic Partnerships combined totaling almost EUR 8 billion  in contrast with the outflows experienced during the prior year period.Mongeral Aegon Group  our Brazilian joint venture  continued to grow with life sales up 9% to EUR 64 million  reflecting the impact of Aegon’s increased economic stake and continued business growth in both group and individual products.This set of results provides a solid basis to raise the interim dividend to 16 eurocents per share  up 2 eurocents compared with the 2023 interim dividend. Aegon completed the EUR 1.535 billion share buyback mainly related to the transaction to combine Aegon the Netherlands with a.s.r.  and has begun the new EUR 200 million share buyback announced last quarter.I am grateful to the teams for what they have achieved during the first half of the year  and we will work to build on that momentum in the second half as we continue the execution of our strategy.”ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier +31(0) 6 27411546 +31(0) 70 344 8028 richard.mackillican@aegon.com yves.cormier@aegon.comAdditional informationPresentationThe conference call presentation is available on aegon.com as of 7.00 am CEST.SupplementsAegon’s first half 2024 Financial Supplement and other supplementary documents are available on aegon.com .Webcast and conference call including Q&AThe webcast and conference call starts at 9:00 am CEST. The audio webcas t can be followed on aegon.com. To join the conference call and/or participate in the Q&A  you will need to register via the following registration link . Directly after registration you will see your personal pin on the confirmation screen  and you will also receive an email with the call details and your personal pin to enter the conference call. The link becomes active 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. To avoid any unforeseen connection issues  it is recommended to make use of the “Call me” option. Approximately two hours after the conference call  a replay will be available on aegon.com.Click to joinWith “Call me”  there’s no need to dial-in. Simply click the following registration link and select the option “Call me”.Enter your information and you will be called back to directly join the conference. The link becomes active 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. Should you wish not to use the “Click to join” function  dial-in numbers are also available. For passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registration.Dial-in numbers for conference call:United States: +1 864 991 4103 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 1536 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 8377 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 970 102 86838 (toll)Financial calendar 2024/2025Third quarter 2024 trading update – November 15  2024Second half 2024 results – February 20  2025About AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company. Aegon’s ambition is to build leading businesses that offer their customers investment  protection  and retirement solutions. Aegon’s portfolio of businesses includes fully owned businesses in the United States and United Kingdom  and a global asset manager. Aegon also creates value by combining its international expertise with strong local partners via insurance joint ventures in Spain & Portugal  China  and Brazil  and via asset management partnerships in France and China. In addition  Aegon owns a Bermuda-based life insurer and generates value via a strategic shareholding in a market leading Dutch insurance and pensions company.Aegon’s purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  Aegon seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  domiciled in Bermuda  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com. More information can be found at aegon.com.Local currencies and constant currency exchange ratesThis document contains certain information about Aegon’s results  financial condition and revenue generating investments presented in USD for the Americas and in GBP for the United Kingdom  because those businesses operate and are managed primarily in those currencies. Certain comparative information presented on a constant currency basis eliminates the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. None of this information is a substitute for or superior to financial information about Aegon presented in EUR  which is the currency of Aegon’s primary financial statements.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against Aegon’s environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  health and safety laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in Bermuda  the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds; The impact from volatility in credit  equity  and interest rates;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of applicable Bermuda solvency requirements  the European Union’s Solvency II requirements  and applicable equivalent solvency requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes in the European Commissions’ or European regulator’s position on the equivalence of the supervisory regime for insurance and reinsurance undertakings in force in Bermuda;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products and management of derivatives;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;Third-party information used by us may prove to be inaccurate and change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve impacting our results and disclosures;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which Aegon does business  may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows  and Aegon may be unable to adopt to and apply new technologies;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European Monetary Union in whole or in part  or further consequences of the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  or the interpretation thereof by regulators and courts  including as a result of comprehensive reform or shifts away from multilateral approaches to regulation of global or national operations  particularly regarding those laws and regulations related to ESG matters  those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers and Aegon’s intellectual property;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  insurance industries and enforcing adjustments in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII);Changes in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels;Changes in ESG standards and requirements  including assumptions  methodology and materiality  or a change by Aegon in applying such standards and requirements  voluntarily or otherwise  may affect Aegon’s ability to meet evolving standards and requirements  or Aegon’s ability to meet its sustainability and ESG-related goals  or related public expectations  which may also negatively affect Aegon’s reputation or the reputation of its board of directors or its management; andReliance on third-party information in certain of Aegon’s disclosures  which may change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve. These factors  as well as any inaccuracies in third-party information used by Aegon  including in estimates or assumptions  may cause results to differ materially and adversely from statements  estimates  and beliefs made by Aegon or third-parties. Moreover  Aegon’s disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements  availability of information  changes in its business or applicable governmental policies  or other factors  some of which may be beyond Aegon’s control. Additionally  Aegon's discussion of various ESG and other sustainability issues in this document or in other locations  including on our corporate website  may be informed by the interests of various stakeholders  as well as various ESG standards  frameworks  and regulations (including for the measurement and assessment of underlying data). As such  our disclosures on such issues  including climate-related disclosures  may include information that is not necessarily ""material"" under US securities laws for SEC reporting purposes  even if we use words such as ""material"" or ""materiality"" in relation to those statements. ESG expectations continue to evolve  often quickly  including for matters outside of our control; our disclosures are inherently dependent on the methodology (including any related assumptions or estimates) and data used  and there can be no guarantee that such disclosures will necessarily reflect or be consistent with the preferred practices or interpretations of particular stakeholders  either currently or in future.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2023 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.WORLD FINANCIAL GROUP (WFG):WFG CONSISTS OF:IN THE UNITED STATES  WORLD FINANCIAL GROUP INSURANCE AGENCY  LLC (IN CALIFORNIA  DOING BUSINESS AS WORLD FINANCIAL INSURANCE AGENCY  LLC)  WORLD FINANCIAL GROUP INSURANCE AGENCY OF HAWAII  INC.  WORLD FINANCIAL GROUP INSURANCE AGENCY OF MASSACHUSETTS  INC.  AND / OR WFG INSURANCE AGENCY OF PUERTO RICO  INC. (COLLECTIVELY WFGIA)  WHICH OFFER INSURANCE AND ANNUITY PRODUCTS.IN THE UNITED STATES  TRANSAMERICA FINANCIAL ADVISORS  INC. IS A FULL-SERVICE  FULLY LICENSED  INDEPENDENT BROKER-DEALER AND REGISTERED INVESTMENT ADVISOR. TRANSAMERICA FINANCIAL ADVISORS  INC. (TFA)  MEMBER FINRA  MSRB  SIPC   AND REGISTERED INVESTMENT ADVISOR  OFFERS SECURITIES AND INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES.IN CANADA  WORLD FINANCIAL GROUP INSURANCE AGENCY OF CANADA INC. (WFGIAC)  WHICH OFFERS LIFE INSURANCE AND SEGREGATED FUNDS. WFG SECURITIES INC. (WFGS)  WHICH OFFERS MUTUAL FUNDS.WFGIAC AND WFGS ARE AFFILIATED COMPANIES.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.22,0.51,True,English,"['first half year 2024 results', 'Aegon', 'Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier', 'New EUR 200 million share buyback program', 'EUR 1.535 billion share buyback program', 'Individual Life new life sales', 'EUR 1.1 billion OCG guidance', '1H 2024 results related documents', 'IFRS claims experience variances', 'strong third-party net deposits', 'US Strategic Assets CSM', 'unfavorable mortality experience', 'fair value losses', 'tax adjustment increases', 'target adviser segments', 'Brazilian joint venture', 'Additional information Presentation', 'conference call presentation', 'strong sales growth', 'leading digital savings', 'global asset manager', 'respective operating levels', 'Free Cash Flow', 'prior year period', 'US Financial Assets', 'higher net deposits', 'World Financial Group', 'The Adviser platform', 'a.s.r.', 'asset management business', 'mid-sized retirement plans', 'holding cash position', 'Operating capital generation', 'Mongeral Aegon Group', 'UK Workplace platform', 'new schemes', 'Media relations', 'individual products', 'common share', 'sales force', 'Strategic Partnerships', 'IFRS results', 'retirement platform', '2024 Financial Supplement', 'The Hague', 'Net loss', 'capital management', 'leading providers', 'Global Platforms', 'operating expenses', 'operating range', 'retirement solutions', 'Cash Capital', 'half year', 'Commercial results', 'operating result', 'first half', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'Capital ratios', 'main units', 'second half', '2023 final dividend', '2024 interim dividend', '2023 interim dividend', 'Lard Friese', 'solid progress', 'business units', '79,000 licensed agents', 'successful recruiting', 'training efforts', 'business growth', 'existing schemes', 'net outflows', 'customer activity', 'macroeconomic environment', 'vertical integration', 'economic stake', 'solid basis', 'other supple', 'Aegon CEO', 'aegon.com', 'assumption updates', 'continued reduction', 'Aegon UK', '2024 guidance', 'impact', 'December', 'funding', 'track', 'June', 'July', 'strategy', 'investment', 'protection', 'USD', 'Transamerica', 'transformation', 'performance', 'onboarding', 'consolidation', 'contrast', '16 eurocents', 'transaction', 'Netherlands', 'teams', 'momentum', 'execution', 'Contacts', 'Supplements', '7.00']",2024-08-22,2024-08-23,globenewswire.com
44790,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-companies-high-143332068.html,Euronext Paris Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership For August 2024,As hopes for a soft landing grow in the U.S.  European markets  including France  have shown strong gains  with the CAC 40 Index advancing by 2.48%. In this favorable market environment  growth companies with high insider ownership can be particularly attractive due to their potential for robust performance and alignment of interests between management and shareholders.,As hopes for a soft landing grow in the U.S.  European markets  including France  have shown strong gains  with the CAC 40 Index advancing by 2.48%. In this favorable market environment  growth companies with high insider ownership can be particularly attractive due to their potential for robust performance and alignment of interests between management and shareholders.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 36% VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.4% 25.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 11.9% 63% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 35.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 27.5% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 19.9% 31.9% S.M.A.I.O (ENXTPA:ALSMA) 17.4% 35.2% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 149.2% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 15.8% 93.9% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.6% 5.9%Click here to see the full list of 23 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's review some notable picks from our screened stocks.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions for the fashion  automotive  and furniture markets across Northern and Southern Europe  the Americas  and the Asia Pacific with a market cap of €1.03 billion.Operations: The company's revenue segments are as follows: €172.65 million from the Americas and €118.54 million from the Asia Pacific  with a segment adjustment of €209.13 million.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Revenue Growth Forecast: 10.4% p.a.Lectra  a French growth company with high insider ownership  reported half-year sales of €262.29 million  up from €239.55 million last year  though net income decreased to €12.51 million from €14.47 million. Despite this dip in profitability  analysts expect Lectra's revenue to grow at 10.4% annually and earnings at 29.3%  both outpacing the French market averages of 5.8% and 12.2%  respectively  suggesting strong future potential despite current challenges.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A.  with a market cap of €527.07 million  is a pharmaceutical company in France that develops long-acting injectables across various therapeutic areas.Operations: MedinCell generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  amounting to €11.95 million.Insider Ownership: 15.8%Revenue Growth Forecast: 45.9% p.a.Story continuesMedinCell is forecast to become profitable within the next three years  with revenue expected to grow 45.9% annually  significantly outpacing the French market's 5.8%. Trading at 86.8% below its estimated fair value  analysts predict a stock price increase of 21.6%. Despite a net loss of €25.04 million for the year ending March 31  2024  this marks an improvement from the previous year's €32.01 million loss  indicating potential for future growth.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Eurazeo SE is a private equity and venture capital firm that focuses on growth capital  acquisitions  leveraged buyouts  and investments in mid-market and listed public companies  with a market cap of €5.14 billion.Operations: The firm's revenue segments include growth capital  acquisitions  leveraged buyouts  and investments in mid-market and listed public companies.Insider Ownership: 12.1%Revenue Growth Forecast: 47.4% p.a.Eurazeo SE  a growth company with high insider ownership in France  reported half-year sales of €180.71 million but faced a net loss of €104.56 million compared to last year's net income of €1.80 billion. Despite this  the company completed a share buyback worth €109 million and is trading significantly below its estimated fair value. Revenue is forecast to grow 47.4% annually  outpacing the market's 5.8%  with analysts expecting profitability within three years and a potential stock price rise of 29.7%.ENXTPA:RF Ownership Breakdown as at Aug 2024Where To Now?Unlock our comprehensive list of 23 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership by clicking here.Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.Invest smarter with the free Simply Wall St app providing detailed insights into every stock market around the globe.Looking For Alternative Opportunities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:RF.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'August', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'free Simply Wall St app', 'S.M.A.I.O', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'potential stock price rise', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'RF Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'listed public companies', 'La Française', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'various therapeutic areas', 'stock price increase', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'Revenue Growth Forecast', 'French growth company', 'favorable market environment', 'next three years', 'French market averages', 'long-term focused analysis', 'venture capital firm', 'strong future potential', 'LSS Earnings', 'future growth', 'growth capital', 'U.S.', 'stock market', 'strong gains', 'pharmaceutical company', 'market cap', 'market movements', 'soft landing', 'European markets', 'CAC 40 Index', 'robust performance', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'notable picks', 'furniture markets', 'Southern Europe', 'Asia Pacific', 'segment adjustment', 'half-year sales', 'net income', 'current challenges', 'acting injectables', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'fair value', 'net loss', '€32.01 million loss', 'Eurazeo SE', 'private equity', 'share buyback', 'comprehensive list', 'close eye', 'detailed insights', 'Alternative Opportunities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'revenue segments', 'previous year', 'last year', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'leveraged buyouts', 'Lectra SA', 'hopes', 'France', 'alignment', 'interests', 'management', 'shareholders', 'ALOKW', 'VusionGroup', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'ALSMA', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '23 stocks', 'Overview', 'automotive', 'Northern', 'Americas', 'Operations', 'dip', 'profitability', 'analysts', 'Aug', 'Story', 'March', 'improvement', 'acquisitions', 'investments', 'mid-market', 'power', 'portfolio', 'globe', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,finance.yahoo.com
44791,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.hartenergy.com/exclusives/dividends-declared-week-aug-19-210231,Dividends Declared in the Week of Aug. 19,Th dividend will be payable Sept. 16 to shareholders of record by Aug. 31. BW LPG Ltd. approved a cash dividend of US$0.58 per share. The dividend is payable Sept. 30 to shareholders of record by Sept. 10.,As second-quarter 2024 earnings season wraps up  here is a selection of dividends declared in the energy industry.UpstreamWhitecap ResourcesCalgary  Alberta-based Whitecap Resources Inc. confirmed a cash dividend of CA$0.0608 (US$0.045) per common share.Th dividend will be payable Sept. 16 to shareholders of record by Aug. 31.BW LPGBW LPG Ltd. approved a cash dividend of US$0.58 per share. The dividend is payable Sept. 30 to shareholders of record by Sept. 10.Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK  with the exchange rate made available on the day of payment  BW said.Service and SupplyHalliburtonHalliburton Co.’s board of directors has declared a third quarter dividend of $0.17 per share on its common stock.The dividend is payable Sept. 25 to shareholders of record by Sept. 4.Edison InternationalUtility servicer Edison International declared the following dividends  payable Sept. 15 to shareholders of record by Sept 1.A semiannual dividend of $26.875 per share on the 5.375% fixed-rate reset cumulative perpetual preferred stock  Series A; andA semiannual dividend of $25.00 per share on the 5.00% fixed-rate reset cumulative perpetual preferred stock  Series B.Energy FirmsPermianville Royalty TrustPermianville Royalty Trust announced a cash distribution of $0.0350 per unit. The distribution will be payable Sept. 16 to unitholders of record by Aug. 30.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Dividends', 'Week', 'Aug.', '5.375% fixed-rate reset cumulative perpetual preferred stock', '5.00% fixed-rate reset cumulative perpetual preferred stock', 'Alberta-based Whitecap Resources Inc.', 'Edison International Utility servicer', 'Series B. Energy Firms', 'second-quarter 2024 earnings season', 'Permianville Royalty Trust', 'third quarter dividend', 'BW LPG Ltd.', 'common stock', 'energy industry', 'Series A', 'Euronext VPS', 'exchange rate', 'Supply Halliburton', 'Halliburton Co.', 'cash dividend', 'Th dividend', 'semiannual dividend', 'cash distribution', 'following dividends', 'common share', 'selection', 'Upstream', 'Calgary', 'shareholders', 'record', 'Aug.', 'Sept.', 'shares', 'NOK', 'day', 'payment', 'board', 'directors', 'unit']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,hartenergy.com
44792,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/fagron-share-buy-back-program-164500794.html,Fagron’s share buy-back program: Weekly update,Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is ...,Fagron NVRegulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  23 August 2024 – 6PM CETFagron’s share buy-back program: Weekly updateIn the period from 19 August 2024 through 23 August 2024  Fagron purchased 34 500 of its owns shares at an average price of € 18.99 per share corresponding to a total amount of € 655 081.09.These purchases are part of the share buy-back program of up to 150 000 Fagron shares to fulfill Fagron’s obligations under its long-term incentive scheme  which was announced on 1 August 2024.The total number of own shares purchased to date is 34 500.More information  including a detailed overview of the purchase transactions under this program  is available on our share buy-back webpage.Financial calendar 202410 October 2024 Trading update third quarter 2024Results and trading updates are published at 7.00 AM CET.Further informationKarin de JongChief Financial Officerinvestors@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Fagron', 'long-term incentive scheme', 'Karin de Jong', 'share buy-back webpage', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'leading global company', 'share buy-back program', 'Financial calendar', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', '6PM CET', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'More information', 'detailed overview', 'purchase transactions', 'Trading update', 'third quarter', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', '150,000 Fagron shares', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '23 August', 'period', '19 August', 'purchases', 'part', 'obligations', '1 August', '10 October', 'Results', '7.00 AM', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'Attachment']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,uk.finance.yahoo.com
44793,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/molten-ventures-plc-pos-transaction-in-own-shares-1033718955,Molten Ventures Plc: POS-Transaction in Own Shares,Molten Ventures plc (LSE: GROW  Euronext Growth: GRW) announces that on Friday  23 August 2024 Numis Securities Limited (trading as “Deutsche Numis”)  purchased on behalf of the Company ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the capital of the Company ...,"Molten Ventures plc(""Molten"" or the ""Company"")Transaction in own sharesMolten Ventures plc (LSE: GROW  Euronext Growth: GRW) announces that on Friday  23 August 2024 Numis Securities Limited (trading as “Deutsche Numis”)  purchased on behalf of the Company ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"") as set out in the table below  pursuant to the share repurchase programme announced on 26 July 2024.Ordinary shares purchased: 21 525 Highest price paid per ordinary share: 415.00p Lowest price paid per ordinary share: 412.00p Volume weighted average price paid per ordinary share: 414.541pFollowing this purchase  the Company's issued share capital consists of 189 046 450 Ordinary Shares  the total number of Ordinary Shares in treasury is 1 366 681 and the total number of voting rights in the Company is 187 679 769.The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in  or a change to their interest in  the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules  the Transparency (Directive 2004/109/EC) Regulations 2007  as amended  and the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019.Aggregate informationIn accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the schedule below contains detailed information about the purchases made by Deutsche Numis on behalf of the Company.Issuer name and ISIN: Molten Ventures plc  ISIN: GB00BY7QYJ50Date of purchases: 23/08/2024Number of Ordinary Shares purchased: 21 525Volume weighted average price (pence): 414.541Individual transactionsNumber of ordinary shares purchased Transaction price (pence per share) Time of transaction (UK Time) Transaction reference number Trading venue 106 415.00 10:02:40 00071120277TRLO0 XLON 618 415.00 10:02:40 00071120278TRLO0 XLON 19 415.00 10:02:40 00071120279TRLO0 XLON 375 415.00 10:02:40 00071120280TRLO0 XLON 55 415.00 10:02:40 00071120281TRLO0 XLON 1002 415.00 10:02:40 00071120282TRLO0 XLON 1094 415.00 10:02:40 00071120283TRLO0 XLON 160 415.00 10:02:40 00071120284TRLO0 XLON 1130 415.00 10:02:40 00071120285TRLO0 XLON 1269 415.00 10:02:40 00071120286TRLO0 XLON 1048 415.00 10:02:40 00071120287TRLO0 XLON 1115 415.00 10:02:40 00071120288TRLO0 XLON 1195 415.00 10:02:40 00071120289TRLO0 XLON 1246 415.00 10:02:40 00071120290TRLO0 XLON 1255 415.00 10:02:40 00071120291TRLO0 XLON 1035 415.00 10:02:40 00071120292TRLO0 XLON 1158 415.00 10:02:40 00071120293TRLO0 XLON 1077 415.00 10:02:40 00071120294TRLO0 XLON 785 415.00 10:02:40 00071120295TRLO0 XLON 1157 413.50 10:03:44 00071120309TRLO0 XLON 1267 412.50 10:08:08 00071120338TRLO0 XLON 1107 412.00 10:08:11 00071120340TRLO0 XLON 1104 413.50 10:27:18 00071120523TRLO0 XLON 1148 415.00 10:45:29 00071120786TRLO0 XLONEnquiriesMolten Ventures plc Gareth Faith (Company Secretary) +44 (0)20 7931 8800 cosec@molten.vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Goodbody Stockbrokers Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker  Euronext Dublin Sponsor Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall +44 (0) 20 3841 6202 Sodali & Co Public relations Elly Williamson +44 (0)7889 297 217 molten@sodali.comAbout Molten VenturesMolten Ventures is a leading venture capital firm in Europe  developing and investing in disruptive  high growth technology companies. We inject visionary companies with energy to help them to transform and grow. This energy comes in many forms - capital  of course  but also knowledge  experience  and relationships. We believe it is our role to support the entrepreneurs who will invent the future  and that future is being built  today  in Europe.As at 31 March 2024  Molten Ventures had a diverse portfolio with shareholdings in 118 companies  20 of which represent our Core holdings and account for 62% of the Gross Portfolio Value. Our Core companies include Thought Machine  Coachhub  Aiven  Ledger and Aircall. We invest across four sectors: Enterprise Technology  Hardware and Deeptech  Consumer Technology  and Digital Health and Wellness  with highly experienced partners constantly looking for new opportunities in each. We look for high-growth companies operating in new markets  with high potential for global expansion  strong IP  powerful technology  and strong management teams to deliver success. We also look for businesses with the potential to generate strong margins to ensure rapid  sustainable growth in substantial addressable markets.A member of the London Stock Exchange’s FTSE 250  Molten Ventures provides a unique opportunity for public market investors to access these fast-growing tech businesses  without having to commit to long term investments with limited liquidity. Since our IPO in June 2016  we have deployed over £1bn capital into fast growing tech companies and have realised over £520m to 31 March 2024. For more information  go to https://www.moltenventures.com/For more information  go to https://www.moltenventures.com/",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Molten Ventures Plc', 'Own Shares', 'POS-Transaction', 'Euronext Dublin Sponsor Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall', 'Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin', 'vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser', 'disruptive, high growth technology companies', 'Volume weighted average price', 'August 2024 Numis Securities Limited', 'strong IP, powerful technology', 'leading venture capital firm', 'fast growing tech companies', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'rapid, sustainable growth', 'Directive 2004/109/EC) Regulations', 'Investment Market Conduct', 'Co Public relations', 'strong management teams', 'London Stock Exchange', 'public market investors', 'growing tech businesses', 'long term investments', 'Euronext Growth', 'Gross Portfolio Value', 'substantial addressable markets', 'share repurchase programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Molten Ventures plc', 'Transaction reference number', 'Enterprise Technology', 'Consumer Technology', 'high potential', 'strong margins', 'limited liquidity', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'visionary companies', 'Core companies', 'high-growth companies', 'Transaction price', 'diverse portfolio', 'new markets', 'ordinary share', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Disclosure Guidance', 'Central Bank', 'EU) No', 'Issuer name', 'Individual transactions', 'Trading venue', 'Gareth Faith', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers', 'Elly Williamson', 'many forms', 'Core holdings', 'Thought Machine', 'four sectors', 'Digital Health', 'experienced partners', 'new opportunities', 'global expansion', 'unique opportunity', '£1bn capital', '00071120277TRLO0 XLON', '00071120278TRLO0 XLON', '00071120279TRLO0 XLON', '00071120281TRLO0 XLON', '00071120282TRLO0 XLON', '00071120283TRLO0 XLON', '00071120284TRLO0 XLON', '00071120285TRLO0 XLON', '00071120286TRLO0 XLON', '00071120287TRLO0 XLON', '00071120288TRLO0 XLON', '00071120289TRLO0 XLON 1246', '00071120290TRLO0 XLON', '00071120291TRLO0 XLON', '00071120292TRLO0 XLON', '00071120293TRLO0 XLON', '00071120294TRLO0 XLON', '00071120295TRLO0 XLON', '00071120309TRLO0 XLON', '00071120338TRLO0 XLON', '00071120340TRLO0 XLON', '00071120523TRLO0 XLON', '00071120786TRLO0 XLON', 'total number', 'Aggregate information', 'detailed information', 'UK Time', 'Company Secretary', 'Transparency Rules', '118 companies', 'shares', 'LSE', 'GRW', 'Friday', 'behalf', '1 pence', 'table', '26 July', 'treasury', 'figure', 'shareholders', 'denominator', 'calculations', 'interest', 'accordance', 'Article', 'schedule', 'purchases', 'ISIN', 'Date', 'Enquiries', 'Sodali', 'Europe', 'energy', 'course', 'knowledge', 'relationships', 'role', 'entrepreneurs', 'future', '31 March', 'shareholdings', 'Coachhub', 'Aiven', 'Ledger', 'Aircall', 'Hardware', 'Deeptech', 'Wellness', 'success', 'member', 'FTSE 250', 'IPO', 'June', 'moltenventures']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,markets.businessinsider.com
44794,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-growth-companies-high-insider-133327347.html,Top Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership On Euronext Amsterdam August 2024,Against this backdrop  identifying growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Amsterdam becomes particularly compelling. In the current market environment  stocks with strong growth potential and significant insider ownership can offer a ...,As the European markets continue to show resilience  with the pan-European STOXX Europe 600 Index ending 2.46% higher amid hopes for interest rate cuts  investor sentiment remains cautiously optimistic. Against this backdrop  identifying growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Amsterdam becomes particularly compelling. In the current market environment  stocks with strong growth potential and significant insider ownership can offer a unique blend of confidence and performance stability.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 36.7% 79.2% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 33.2% 107.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 78.3% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 108.4% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 35.8% 36.4%Click here to see the full list of 5 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Underneath we present a selection of stocks filtered out by our screen.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Basic-Fit N.V.  with a market cap of €1.52 billion  operates fitness clubs through its subsidiaries.Operations: The company's revenue segments are divided into Benelux  generating €505.17 million  and France  Spain & Germany  contributing €626.41 million.Insider Ownership: 12%Basic-Fit has shown strong revenue growth  reporting €584.76 million for H1 2024 compared to €500.42 million a year ago  and turned a net loss into a net income of €4.18 million. Analysts forecast significant earnings growth at 78.3% annually over the next three years  outpacing the Dutch market's 19.5%. Insider ownership remains high with more shares bought than sold recently  indicating confidence in future performance despite lower profit margins compared to last year.ENXTAM:BFIT Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. designs  manufactures  and services reverse vending machines for collecting and processing used beverage containers  operating primarily in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market cap of €317.30 million.Operations: Envipco Holding N.V. generates revenue by designing  developing  manufacturing  assembling  marketing  selling  leasing  and servicing reverse vending machines (RVM) for the collection and processing of used beverage containers primarily in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 36.7%Envipco Holding has shown promising growth potential with revenue forecasted to grow 34.8% annually  significantly outpacing the Dutch market's 9.9%. Despite recent volatility  its shares trade at a substantial discount to estimated fair value. Recent earnings reports indicate improving financial health  with sales for H1 2024 reaching €54.01 million and net loss narrowing to €0.406 million from €4.37 million a year ago. Insider activity shows more buying than selling in the past three months  reflecting confidence in future performance despite past shareholder dilution.ENXTAM:ENVI Ownership Breakdown as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V.  with a market cap of €621.03 million  provides postal and logistics services to businesses and consumers in the Netherlands  the rest of Europe  and internationally.Operations: The company's revenue segments include €2.28 billion from Parcels and €1.35 billion from Mail in the Netherlands.Insider Ownership: 35.8%PostNL shows potential as a growth company with high insider ownership  despite challenges. Earnings are forecast to grow 36.4% annually  outpacing the Dutch market's 19.5%. However  recent earnings reports reveal mixed results: Q2 sales rose slightly to €793 million while net income dropped to €10 million from €11 million a year ago. The company faces high debt and its dividend is not well-covered by earnings  but trades at a significant discount to fair value.ENXTAM:PNL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Aug 2024Turning Ideas Into ActionsGet an in-depth perspective on all 5 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership by using our screener here.Hold shares in these firms? Setup your portfolio in Simply Wall St to seamlessly track your investments and receive personalized updates on your portfolio's performance.Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:BFIT ENXTAM:ENVI and ENXTAM:PNL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Top Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Envipco Holding N.V. designs', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'pan-European STOXX Europe 600 Index', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'Basic-Fit N.V.', 'PostNL N.V.', 'interest rate cuts', 'next three years', 'lower profit margins', 'reverse vending machines', 'past three months', 'past shareholder dilution', 'strong growth potential', 'promising growth potential', 'significant earnings growth', 'significant insider ownership', 'long-term focused analysis', 'Recent earnings reports', 'strong revenue growth', 'current market environment', 'ENVI Ownership Breakdown', 'unparalleled stock analysis', 'growth company', 'Ebusco Holding', 'high debt', 'Insider activity', 'recent volatility', 'significant discount', 'market cap', 'Dutch market', 'investor sentiment', 'unique blend', 'full list', 'fitness clubs', 'net loss', 'net income', 'last year', 'BFIT Earnings', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'substantial discount', 'fair value', 'financial health', 'mixed results', 'PNL Earnings', 'depth perspective', 'personalized updates', 'investment opportunities', 'free app', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'revenue segments', 'performance stability', 'future performance', 'European markets', 'logistics services', 'Q2 sales', 'The Netherlands', 'resilience', 'hopes', 'backdrop', 'stocks', 'confidence', 'ENXTAM', 'MotorK', 'MTRK', 'selection', 'Overview', 'subsidiaries', 'Operations', 'Benelux', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'H1', 'Analysts', 'shares', 'Aug', 'manufactures', 'processing', 'assembling', 'marketing', 'leasing', 'RVM', 'collection', 'Story', 'postal', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'Parcels', 'Mail', 'challenges', 'dividend', 'Ideas', 'Actions', 'firms', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'posit']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,finance.yahoo.com
44795,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1033717031,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,"The Company announces that on 22 August 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC ...","23 August 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 22 August 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 75 000 25 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.8920 £1.6040 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.8640 £1.5840 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.8734 £1.5920The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 July 2024.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 637 551 115 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 73 1.8680 XDUB 08:12:36 00029159027TRDU1 1 776 1.8660 XDUB 08:24:36 00029159077TRDU1 2 401 1.8700 XDUB 09:13:22 00029159325TRDU1 2 458 1.8680 XDUB 09:13:22 00029159326TRDU1 1 233 1.8640 XDUB 09:13:25 00029159327TRDU1 1 175 1.8640 XDUB 09:13:26 00029159328TRDU1 2 437 1.8740 XDUB 10:19:05 00029159661TRDU1 2 523 1.8740 XDUB 10:19:05 00029159662TRDU1 1 598 1.8720 XDUB 10:19:06 00029159663TRDU1 2 530 1.8680 XDUB 10:22:47 00029159680TRDU1 2 891 1.8680 XDUB 10:58:36 00029159921TRDU1 484 1.8740 XDUB 11:46:59 00029160129TRDU1 1 785 1.8740 XDUB 11:46:59 00029160130TRDU1 2 435 1.8740 XDUB 12:19:30 00029160215TRDU1 2 756 1.8740 XDUB 12:31:47 00029160254TRDU1 2 688 1.8720 XDUB 13:14:33 00029160345TRDU1 2 450 1.8720 XDUB 13:22:11 00029160360TRDU1 2 321 1.8720 XDUB 13:39:46 00029160389TRDU1 790 1.8700 XDUB 13:47:00 00029160405TRDU1 66 1.8700 XDUB 13:47:00 00029160406TRDU1 2 448 1.8720 XDUB 14:03:22 00029160471TRDU1 2 409 1.8700 XDUB 14:14:59 00029160495TRDU1 4 726 1.8680 XDUB 14:49:44 00029160823TRDU1 857 1.8680 XDUB 14:50:02 00029160831TRDU1 1 901 1.8680 XDUB 14:50:02 00029160832TRDU1 2 618 1.8700 XDUB 15:02:32 00029161078TRDU1 220 1.8720 XDUB 15:12:15 00029161306TRDU1 349 1.8720 XDUB 15:12:15 00029161307TRDU1 4 1.8720 XDUB 15:14:51 00029161370TRDU1 238 1.8720 XDUB 15:14:51 00029161371TRDU1 1 250 1.8720 XDUB 15:15:55 00029161377TRDU1 1 269 1.8720 XDUB 15:15:55 00029161378TRDU1 4 338 1.8680 XDUB 15:18:51 00029161396TRDU1 64 1.8920 XDUB 15:46:48 00029161618TRDU1 2 719 1.8920 XDUB 15:46:49 00029161619TRDU1 2 350 1.8920 XDUB 15:51:21 00029161729TRDU1 559 1.8900 XDUB 15:51:21 00029161730TRDU1 1 734 1.8900 XDUB 15:51:21 00029161731TRDU1 2 626 1.8820 XDUB 15:58:23 00029161933TRDU1 2 562 1.8760 XDUB 16:08:12 00029162046TRDU1 2 889 1.8800 XDUB 16:25:26 00029162274TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '7,551,115 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'August', 'purchases', 'part', '3 July', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00029159027TRDU1', '00029159077TRDU1', '00029159325TRDU1', '00029159326TRDU1', '00029159327TRDU1', '00029159328TRDU1', '00029159661TRDU1', '00029159662TRDU1', '00029159663TRDU1', '00029159680TRDU1', '00029159921TRDU1', '00029160129TRDU1', '00029160130TRDU1', '00029160215TRDU1', '00029160254TRDU1', '00029160345TRDU1', '00029160360TRDU1', '00029160389TRDU1', '00029160405TRDU1', '00029160406TRDU1', '00029160471TRDU1', '00029160495TRDU1', '00029160823TRDU1', '00029160831TRDU1', '00029160832TRDU1', '00029161078TRDU1', '00029161306TRDU1', '00029161307TRDU1', '00029161370TRDU1', '00029161371TRDU1', '00029161377TRDU1', '00029161378TRDU1', '00029161396TRDU1', '00029161618TRDU1', '00029161619TRDU1', '00029161729TRDU1', '00029161730TRDU1', '00029161731TRDU1', '00029161933TRDU1', '00029162046TRDU1', '00029162274TRDU1']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,markets.businessinsider.com
44796,EuroNext,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/3-top-dividend-stocks-euronext-050340821.html,3 Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam Yielding Up To 9.8%,The Dutch stock market has shown resilience amid global economic fluctuations  with the pan-European STOXX Europe 600 Index ending 2.46% higher recently as hopes grew for another round of interest rate cuts.,The Dutch stock market has shown resilience amid global economic fluctuations  with the pan-European STOXX Europe 600 Index ending 2.46% higher recently as hopes grew for another round of interest rate cuts. In this context  dividend stocks on Euronext Amsterdam are particularly attractive for investors seeking steady income streams. A good dividend stock in such an environment typically offers a reliable payout ratio and a strong balance sheet  ensuring that dividends remain consistent even during economic uncertainties.Top 5 Dividend Stocks In The NetherlandsName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Koninklijke Heijmans (ENXTAM:HEIJM) 3.44% ★★★★☆☆ Aalberts (ENXTAM:AALB) 3.28% ★★★★☆☆ Signify (ENXTAM:LIGHT) 7.27% ★★★★☆☆ Randstad (ENXTAM:RAND) 5.29% ★★★★☆☆ ABN AMRO Bank (ENXTAM:ABN) 9.87% ★★★★☆☆ ING Groep (ENXTAM:INGA) 6.99% ★★★★☆☆ Acomo (ENXTAM:ACOMO) 6.50% ★★★★☆☆Click here to see the full list of 7 stocks from our Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener.Below we spotlight a couple of our favorites from our exclusive screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Aalberts N.V. provides mission-critical technologies for the aerospace  automotive  building  and maritime sectors with a market cap of €3.81 billion.Operations: Aalberts N.V. generates revenue of €1.74 billion from Building Technology and €1.49 billion from Industrial Technology segments.Dividend Yield: 3.3%Aalberts N.V. reported a slight decline in earnings for H1 2024  with net income at €149.2 million compared to €160 million a year ago. Despite this  the company continues to expand its business  inaugurating a new production site in Almere focused on eco-friendly building technologies. Aalberts offers dividends covered by both earnings (41% payout ratio) and cash flows (60.4% cash payout ratio)  although its dividend history has been volatile and yields below top-tier levels in the Dutch market.ENXTAM:AALB Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: ABN AMRO Bank N.V. offers a range of banking products and financial services to retail  private  and business clients both in the Netherlands and internationally  with a market cap of €12.74 billion.Operations: ABN AMRO Bank N.V.'s revenue segments include €3.46 billion from Corporate Banking  €1.55 billion from Wealth Management  and €4.02 billion from Personal & Business Banking.Dividend Yield: 9.9%ABN AMRO Bank's recent earnings report showed a slight dip in net income to €1.32 billion for H1 2024  with net interest income also slightly down. The interim dividend was set at €0.60 per share  totaling €500 million  reflecting a payout ratio of 50.5%  which is sustainable but has been volatile over the past nine years. The bank is trading well below its estimated fair value and remains focused on risk management improvements with new CRO Serena Fioravanti's appointment pending ECB approval.Story continuesENXTAM:ABN Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Randstad N.V. offers work and human resources (HR) services solutions and has a market cap of €7.56 billion.Operations: Randstad N.V.'s revenue segments in millions of € are: Staffing €16 620.00  Inhouse Services €5 340.00  and Professionals €4 440.00.Dividend Yield: 5.3%Randstad's dividend payments are covered by earnings (81.3% payout ratio) and cash flows (51.5% cash payout ratio). However  the dividends have been volatile over the past decade  despite recent increases. The company trades at a good value compared to peers and is 58.1% below its estimated fair value. Recent buybacks totaling €399.95 million may support share price stability  but declining Q2 2024 earnings (€78 million) raise concerns about future profitability and dividend reliability.ENXTAM:RAND Dividend History as at Aug 2024Make It HappenReveal the 7 hidden gems among our Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener with a single click here.Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.Maximize your investment potential with Simply Wall St  the comprehensive app that offers global market insights for free.Want To Explore Some Alternatives?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:AALB ENXTAM:ABN and ENXTAM:RAND.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.43,0.31,True,English,"['3 Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Koninklijke Heijmans', 'Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'pan-European STOXX Europe 600 Index', 'new CRO Serena Fioravanti', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Top 5 Dividend Stocks', 'The Dutch stock market', 'new production site', 'Aalberts N.V.', 'ABN Dividend History', 'Randstad N.V.', 'interest rate cuts', 'strong balance sheet', 'good dividend stock', 'global economic fluctuations', 'steady income streams', 'past nine years', 'risk management improvements', 'global market insights', 'HR) services solutions', 'AALB Dividend History', 'reliable payout ratio', 'share price stability', 'long-term focused analysis', 'RAND Dividend History', 'Industrial Technology segments', 'net interest income', 'declining Q2 2024 earnings', '60.4% cash payout ratio', '51.5% cash payout ratio', 'eco-friendly building technologies', 'recent earnings report', 'exclusive screener', 'interim dividend', 'dividend payments', 'dividend reliability', 'Dutch market', '81.3% payout ratio', 'net income', 'economic uncertainties', 'The Netherlands', 'mission-critical technologies', 'Building Technology', 'cash flows', 'Wealth Management', 'past decade', 'good value', 'market cap', 'market movements', 'financial services', 'Inhouse Services', 'recent increases', 'Recent buybacks', 'ING Groep', 'full list', 'maritime sectors', 'slight decline', 'top-tier levels', 'banking products', 'revenue segments', 'Corporate Banking', 'slight dip', 'fair value', 'ECB approval', 'human resources', 'future profitability', '7 hidden gems', 'single click', 'close eye', 'investment potential', 'comprehensive app', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'business clients', 'Business Banking', '7 stocks', 'AALB ENXTAM', 'resilience', 'hopes', 'round', 'context', 'investors', 'environment', 'dividends', 'Name', 'Signify', 'INGA', 'Acomo', 'couple', 'favorites', 'Overview', 'aerospace', 'automotive', 'Operations', 'H1', 'Almere', 'Aug', 'range', 'retail', 'private', 'Personal', 'appointment', 'work', 'millions', 'Staffing', 'Professionals', 'peers', 'concerns', 'companies', 'power', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'Alternatives', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'team']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,sg.finance.yahoo.com
44797,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/top-dividend-stocks-euronext-paris-060343457.html,Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris For August 2024,When evaluating top dividend stocks on Euronext Paris  it's crucial to consider companies with strong financial health and a consistent track record of dividend payments  especially in light of current market optimism. Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating ...,As hopes for interest rate cuts grow and the CAC 40 Index advances  the French market is showing signs of resilience amid broader European economic stability. In this environment  investors may find dividend stocks particularly appealing due to their potential for steady income and relative stability. When evaluating top dividend stocks on Euronext Paris  it's crucial to consider companies with strong financial health and a consistent track record of dividend payments  especially in light of current market optimism.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat (ENXTPA:VCT) 6.54% ★★★★★★ Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.99% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.86% ★★★★★★ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 6.04% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 4.33% ★★★★★☆ VIEL & Cie société anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 4.06% ★★★★★☆ Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc Société coopérative (ENXTPA:CRLA) 5.94% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 4.59% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 8.23% ★★★★★☆ Rexel (ENXTPA:RXL) 5.30% ★★★★☆☆Click here to see the full list of 34 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Piscines Desjoyaux SA designs  manufactures  and markets swimming pools and related products in France and internationally  with a market cap of €109.04 million.Operations: Piscines Desjoyaux SA generates revenue through the design  manufacturing  and marketing of swimming pools and related products both domestically in France and internationally.Dividend Yield: 8.2%Piscines Desjoyaux's dividend payments have been stable and growing over the past decade  but recent earnings show a significant decline  with net income dropping to €2.51 million from €6.28 million year-over-year. Although its dividend yield is among the top 25% in France  the high cash payout ratio of 486.2% indicates that dividends are not well covered by free cash flows  raising concerns about sustainability despite a reasonable payout ratio of 72.5%.ENXTPA:ALPDX Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Vinci SA  with a market cap of €60.48 billion  operates in concessions  energy  and construction sectors both in France and internationally through its subsidiaries.Operations: Vinci SA generates revenue from several segments: Cobra IS (€6.74 billion)  VINCI Energies (€19.76 billion)  Concessions - VINCI Airports (€4.57 billion)  Concessions - VINCI Autoroutes (€6.98 billion)  and VINCI Construction  including Eurovia (€31.83 billion).Story continuesDividend Yield: 4.2%Vinci's dividend payments have been volatile over the past decade  but they are well covered by earnings (55.8% payout ratio) and cash flows (34.7% cash payout ratio). Despite a lower dividend yield compared to top-tier payers  the company trades at 25.7% below its estimated fair value. Recent earnings showed a slight decline in net income to €1.99 billion for H1 2024  yet Vinci approved an interim dividend of €1.05 per share for October 2024 payment.ENXTPA:DG Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Manitou BF SA  with a market cap of €722.46 million  develops  manufactures  and provides equipment and services globally through its subsidiaries.Operations: Manitou BF SA generates revenue primarily from its Products Division (€2.47 billion) and its Services & Solutions (S&S) Division (€395.12 million).Dividend Yield: 7.2%Manitou BF's dividend yield (7.15%) ranks in the top 25% of French dividend payers  supported by a low payout ratio (31.7%). However  its dividend history is unstable and has been paid for only 9 years with volatility. Recent earnings showed growth  with H1 2024 net income rising to €81.75 million from €62.53 million a year ago  indicating strong financial performance despite high debt levels and forecasted earnings decline over the next three years.ENXTPA:MTU Dividend History as at Aug 2024Seize The OpportunityDelve into our full catalog of 34 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks here.Hold shares in these firms? Setup your portfolio in Simply Wall St to seamlessly track your investments and receive personalized updates on your portfolio's performance.Simply Wall St is your key to unlocking global market trends  a free user-friendly app for forward-thinking investors.Curious About Other Options?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:ALPDX ENXTPA:DG and ENXTPA:MTU.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'August', 'Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat', 'Languedoc Société coopérative', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', '34 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'Cie société anonyme', 'broader European economic stability', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'high cash payout ratio', 'top dividend stocks', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'high debt levels', 'interest rate cuts', 'consistent track record', 'reasonable payout ratio', '34.7% cash payout ratio', 'low payout ratio', 'free user-friendly app', 'DG Dividend History', 'MTU Dividend History', 'lower dividend yield', 'strong financial health', 'free cash flows', 'S&S) Division', 'current market optimism', 'global market trends', 'French dividend payers', 'Manitou BF SA', 'next three years', 'long-term focused analysis', 'ALPDX Dividend History', 'Piscines Desjoyaux SA', 'strong financial performance', 'H1 2024 net income', '55.8% payout ratio', 'dividend payments', 'interim dividend', 'relative stability', 'preferred stocks', 'French market', 'top-tier payers', 'Products Division', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'Vinci SA', 'market cap', 'steady income', 'CAC 40 Index', 'CBo Territoria', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'full list', 'swimming pools', 'related products', 'past decade', 'significant decline', 'construction sectors', 'several segments', 'Cobra IS', 'fair value', 'slight decline', 'October 2024 payment', 'The Opportunity', 'full catalog', 'personalized updates', 'Other Options', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'recent earnings', 'earnings decline', 'VINCI Energies', 'VINCI Airports', 'VINCI Autoroutes', 'VINCI Construction', 'thinking investors', '34 stocks', '9 years', 'hopes', 'signs', 'resilience', 'environment', 'potential', 'companies', 'France', 'ENXTPA', 'VCT', 'Rubis', 'RUI', 'CBOT', 'Samse', 'Arkema', 'AKE', 'VIEL', 'VIL', 'CRLA', 'ALEXA', 'Rexel', 'RXL', 'subset', 'Overview', 'manufactures', 'markets', 'Operations', 'revenue', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'marketing', 'dividends', 'concerns', 'sustainability', 'Aug', 'concessions', 'energy', 'subsidiaries', 'Eurovia', 'share', 'equipment', 'services', 'Solutions', 'volatility', 'growth', 'Hold', 'firms', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'key', 'forward', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position']",2024-08-23,2024-08-23,uk.finance.yahoo.com
