UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
7932,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra $GHC #GalaxyHeroes,nan,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra $GHC #GalaxyHeroes,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'CoinShares', 'GHC', 'GalaxyHeroes', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'CoinShares', 'GHC', 'GalaxyHeroes']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9794,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Wells Fargo to pay $145 million to settle government's 401(k) inquiry #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1VNCLdLvd7 #regtech,nan,Wells Fargo to pay $145 million to settle government's 401(k) inquiry #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1VNCLdLvd7 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.83,0.14,neutral,0.02,0.83,0.14,True,English,"['Wells Fargo', '401(k) inquiry', 'government', 'Fintech', 'VNCLdLvd7', 'regtech', 'Wells Fargo', '401(k) inquiry', 'government', 'Fintech', 'VNCLdLvd7', 'regtech']",2022-09-12,2022-09-14,Unknown
9795,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Can Russia's payment alliance with China get around banking sanctions? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/cP5VhppXEQ #regtech,nan,Can Russia's payment alliance with China get around banking sanctions? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/cP5VhppXEQ #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.74,0.25,neutral,0.01,0.74,0.25,True,English,"['payment alliance', 'banking sanctions', 'Russia', 'China', 'Fintech', 'cP5VhppXEQ', 'regtech', 'payment alliance', 'banking sanctions', 'Russia', 'China', 'Fintech', 'cP5VhppXEQ', 'regtech']",2022-09-12,2022-09-14,Unknown
9868,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,http://opiniojuris.org/2022/09/13/legality-of-extraterritorial-coercive-economic-measures-taken-against-russia-from-the-lens-of-international-trade-law/,Legality of Extraterritorial Coercive Economic Measures Taken Against Russia from the Lens of International Trade Law,[Ahan Gadkari is a final year BA LLB candidate at Jindal Global Law School. He serves as a Research Assistant under Dr. Aniruddha Rajput  Member  UN International Law Commission.] Introduction The conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine increases …,13.09.22 |[Ahan Gadkari is a final year BA LLB candidate at Jindal Global Law School. He serves as a Research Assistant under Dr. Aniruddha Rajput  Member  UN International Law Commission.]IntroductionThe conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine increases day by day in intensity and  with it  the already heavy toll in terms of victims  missing persons and displaced persons seeking refuge in neighboring countries grows. This piecewill not deal with humanitarian issues or the qualification of the Russian military intervention in the light of international law  so please refer to the contributions of other scholars published (for example  Gadkari  Spagnolo  Favuzza  or Fasciglione)  but rather the negative implications of same on financial markets and the world economy. War  geopolitical instability  the risk of a nuclear escalationhave in fact introduced numerous unknowns for global trade  for multinational companies  for capital markets and for national economies themselves.Economically  the first and perhaps most obvious effect of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict was a general increase in the prices of raw materials and food. The Russian Federation is among the main exporters of hydrocarbons  as well as of numerous metal alloys (such as aluminum  titanium  nickel and palladium) essential for the steel  chemical and petrochemical  pharmaceutical and major engineering sectors. The instability generated by the conflict and the consequent trade restrictions have caused a very strong rise in energy prices  as evidenced by the current price of natural gas  which has practically doubled compared to a year ago. Taken together  moreover  the Russian Federation and Ukraine account for over a quarter of the world trade in wheat: tensions in Eastern Europe threaten to curb grain shipments around the world  increasing the costs of producing bread and pasta. The gravity of the situation was underlined by the Director General of the World Trade Organization (WTO)  Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala  in a recent statement.The effects of the conflict are also having significant impacts on global supply chains: commercial companies are struggling to find easy merchant routes  with the closure of Ukrainian ports  the risks for navigationin the Black and Azov seas  theaters of the conflict  and restrictions on transit in the Bosphorus  where Turkey has already announced its intention to implement the provisions of the Montreaux Convention that allow it to restrict navigation  in particular warships  through the Dardanelles. Following the decisions of the European Union  the United States and other countries to close their airspace to aircraft flying the Russian flag – and the reciprocal measures adopted by the Russian government – trade is further restricted also by air.If the effects of the conflict have and will have global repercussions  the “price” that the Russian Federation risks paying could be very high. The condemnation of the conflict  in the foregone paralysis of the United Nations Security Council  came almost unanimously from the United Nations General Assembly which  with a resolution adopted on 2 March last  requested the Russian Federation to “immediately  completely and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders”. Several like-minded states(including Australia  Canada  South Korea  Japan  United Kingdom  Singapore  United States of America  Switzerland  among others) and the European Union have responded to the heavy mobilization of troops with employment of all its economic strength  implementing numerous unilateral measures – but certainly “agreed” – in reaction to the blatant violation of Art. 2.4 of the United Nations Charter  and the previous Soviet recognition of the separatist republics of Luhansk and Donetsk. Many of these coercive measures(commonly – and improperly – known as “sanctions”) have also been extended to subjects and entities of Belarusian nationality  due to the complicity of the Lukashenko regime in military intervention alongside the Russian Federation. Clearly  these measures are aimed at isolating the Russian state and evaporating the economic resources necessary for the conduct of the war.Economic Coercive Measures in QuestionThe measures adopted include the freezing of assets of individuals and commercial companies  the limit on bank deposits and access to bank credit  the prohibition of bargaining for industries operating in the defense sector  the imposition of duties  restrictions on the access to the market and commercial measures such as the withdrawal of concessions and the blocking of exports (of arms  first of all  together with products  systems and technologies susceptible of so-called dual use). The assets of the Russian central bank in the territory of the EU and the United States have been blocked  as have those of the main Russian and Belarusian banks  whose “operation” was severely limited by disconnection from the SWIFT system (acronym for Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication)  which made payments of a transnational nature connected to trade and financial activities substantially more complex  articulated and lengthy. In total  some 700 people and 60 entities are now subject to sanctions  including President Putin  ministers and senior officials of the Russian administrative apparatus  351 deputies of the Duma and well-known personalities of the Russian financial elite  including billionaires Alexei Mordashov  Vladimir Lisin and Alisher Usmanov  considered to be very close to the Russian President  whose assets have also been subject to seizure orders in Italy. These measures  which are already quite incisive in themselves  have been accompanied by provisions that impose a ban on the stay and movement of affected individuals on the territory of the states that impose the sanction (travel ban) and blockades of air and naval traffic. In addition  the main international clearing systems  Euroclear and Clearstream  have decided to refuse transactions in rubles  as well as several commercial banks have temporarily suspended the sale and purchase of the currency  the value of which has fallen by more than 40%. Other global financial players  such as major payment and credit card networks  have suspended their operations in Russia and Belarus. Many multinational companies  including the so-called big-tech  have suspended sales of their products and services in Russia.International InstrumentsAll the instruments listed (without any claim to be exhaustive) have been adopted unilaterally by the States and by the European Union or voluntarily by private subjects. As regards the measures adopted by the States and the Union  it should be emphasized that these coercive measures were implemented in the absence of a decision by the United Nations Security Council pursuant to art. 41 of the United Nations Charter which  as is well known  allows for the adoption of measures not involving the use of force when one of the situations envisaged by art. 39 of the United Nations Charter. The legitimacyof the countermeasures adopted by States not particularly harmed by an international offense is still today the subject of a wide debate on the level of general international law (on this point  it is permissible to refer to the considerations of Gadkari and Chowksey regarding the sanctions on Russia’s sovereign debt market; De Sena and Gradoni regarding the measures adopted in 2014 in the to the Russian Federation and  more generally  to the studies of Asada; Dawidowicz; Hofer; Silingardi; Sossai; Tzanakopoulos; and Ronzitti). However  it is clear that some measures can be framed in specific regulatory regimes: in particular  this practice appears questionable in the light of international trade law.The tools most often used by governments for sanctions include embargoes  boycotts or the imposition of quantitative restrictions on trade  as well as the creation of non-tariff barriers  such as prescribing specific licensing or packaging requirements. Such measures could violate various clauses of the WTO agreements  in particular the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) and the General Agreement on Trade in Services(GATS)  whose founding principles are reciprocity and non-discrimination in commercial relations  the latter expressed by the well-known standardsof national treatment and most favoured nation(MFN). In particular  Article I  paragraph 1  of the GATT (as well as Article II of the GATS) provides for equal treatment with respect to similar products originating in or destined for the territories of all the other Contracting Parties: some countries  such as Canada  have already withdrawn this privilege with regard to goods from the Russian Federation and Belarus  while legislative proposals to this effect have been introduced at the US Congress. On 15 March 2022  the President of the European Commission announced that this measure will also be implemented by the European Union and its Members within the framework of the World Trade Organization.As a result of these decisions  goods and services from the Russian Federation could incur much higher tariffs. Furthermore  the unilateral measures implemented so far have established quantitative restrictions on the export of various categories of goods  which could constitute a violation of art. IX of the GATT  which prescribes the elimination of the so-called quotas  as well as the limitations imposed on air  sea and land transport could result in a violation of the rule that requires the free transit of goods and services in the territories of the Contracting Parties (art. V GATT). In addition  it should be noted that art. 23 of the Understanding on Dispute Settlement (DSU) prohibits the use of unilateral self-helpmeasures  establishing the obligation to resort to the dispute resolution system provided for by the Agreement: this interpretation has been confirmed by various panels  including those set up in cases US-Shrimp (par. 7.43) and Canada – Aircraft Credits and Guarantees (par. 7.170)  which have clearly identified as “prohibited” the measures taken individually by States outside the procedural framework managed by the Dispute Settlement Body. These and other provisions  therefore  would render illegitimate any unilateral coercive measure of a commercial nature adopted by one Member State against another.However  the WTO agreements also include clauses of exception to the general regime of trade liberalization  allowing that – in the presence of specific requirements – Member States can adopt measures that have the effect of restricting commercial traffic in order to protect values and non-economic needs. Specifically  while art. XX of the GATT (and art. XIV of the GATS) outline a series of general exceptions (see Espa  pp. 193-228; Mauro  pp. 159-162)  art. XXI of the GATT and XIVbis of the GATS (as well as Article 73 of the agreement relating to the Trade Related Aspects of International Property Rights – TRIPS) instead offer the opportunity to use measures based on essential security needs. Such clauses have very rarely been invoked in WTO practice (see Mavroidis  Bermann  Wu  pp. 684-786).As dictated by the letter of art. XXI of the GATT  however  this security exception is directly linked to the objectives of peace protection and maintenance of international security professed by the United Nations Charter  as well as letter (b) of the same provision prescribes that such measures can be decided in period of war or emergency in international relations. By invoking this provision  Ukraine has decided to apply a full embargo to products originating from the Russian Federation and not to apply the WTO agreements with the same state  as summarized in a letter addressed to the Chairmanof the General Council of the WTO. It is questionable  however  whether the coercive measures adopted by Ukraine and other states against the Russian Federation and Belarus are legitimate and therefore can fall within the exception clause.WTO JurisprudenceTwo recent cases in the WTO may come in support  as the use of unilateral economic measures was specifically considered in them. In 2017  Qatar had resorted to the WTO dispute settlement body because of the actions of four states – Bahrain  Egypt  Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) – arguing that the coercive economic measures taken by those states constituted a violation of the Organization’s rules  impeding the freedom of transit of goods and frustrating most of the commercial exchanges between the two countries. However  although the panelestablished in the dispute between Qatar and Saudi Arabia had recognized the existence of a state of “tension” and the breakdown of diplomatic relations between the two countries  in the decision only some measures adopted by the Saudi government had been deemed justified by security reasons: rather surprisingly  however  there was no elaboration or analysis in the report about the nature of the emergency situationthat would have justified trade restrictive measures (see Saudi Arabia – Measures Concerning The Protection Of Intellectual Property Rights  par. 7.257; on the subject  see Glöckle). A previous case between Ukraine and Russia  opened in 2016  instead resulted in a decision in 2019 that provides a more complete interpretation of the security exception under Article XXI (see Russia – Measures Concerning Traffic In Transit; in subject  see Adinolfi and Marotti; Voon). As is well known  the dispute arose following the serious deterioration of relations between the two countries in February 2014  a situation that had led the Russian Federation to limit the transit through its territory of Ukrainian goods destined for Central Asian markets. Ukraine had challenged these restrictions before the WTO bodies as contrary to Article V of the GATT as well as to various trade commitments under the Protocol of Accession of the Russian Federation to the Organization. Russia replied by invoking Article XXI (b) (iii) of the GATT  which as mentioned provides that a member of the WTO can take any action “which it considers necessary for the protection of its essential security interests taken in time of war or other emergency in international relations”. The panelthen considered that Russia had satisfied the requirements to invoke the exception and had interpreted the requirement of emergency in international relations as a “situation of armed conflict  or of latent armed conflict  or of heightened tension or crisis  or of general instability engulfing or surrounding a state” (par. 7.75-7.76). Consequently  the situation between these two states could well be considered an emergency in international relations  justifying the restrictive measures adopted against Ukrainian goods pursuant to article XXI (b) (iii) of the GATT (par. 7.5.7; on the subject  see Neuwirth and Svetlicinii). According to the panelists  in fact  there was evidence that relations between Ukraine and the Russian Federation had deteriorated to the point of causing concern for the entire international community  in light of the recognition of the situation by the United Nations General Assembly and the protests and unilateral measures adopted by numerous governments.In light of the previous – albeit sparse – case law related to the security exception  a first assessment of the coercive measures implemented against the Russian Federation and Belarus in February / March 2022 can therefore be proposed. First of all  there seems to be no doubt about the fact that the current conflict can be considered a situation of “war or emergency in international relations” which makes art. XXI – and the relevant provisions contained in the other agreements – and consequently possible the non -applicationof the WTO rules by Ukraine vis-à-vis the Russian Federation. However  it has to be ascertained whether the Ukrainian state can also disregard the obligations arising from agreements that are not strictly “commercial”: the Ukrainian diplomatic note  in fact  speaks in a generic way of “WTO Agreements”  also including other annexes to the WTO Agreement  such as the DSU and the Agreement relating to periodic review of commercial policies. The exception clauses for security reasons  on the other hand  refer exclusively to the obligations present in the agreements in which they are contained and could therefore be invoked only in reference to obligations under the GATT  GATS and TRIPS. This circumstance was underlined by the Russian Federation itself in its diplomatic reply note.Secondly  in relation to the measures implemented by third countries  such as Canada  and by the European Union  it seems that the exception clause can still apply: the text of art. XXI of the GATT  in fact  does not contain any reference to emergency situations that directly involve the State invoking the exception  but refers to generic “essential interests” of security  which  in the opinion of the writer  may well include compliance the principle of the prohibition of using force in international relations  the safeguarding of the territorial integrity and political independence of other States and the obligation to resolve disputes peacefully. Nor do the cited clauses limit their scope of application to purely national situations: for example  letter (c) of art. XXI of the GATT makes a clear reference to the Charter of the United Nations and the obligations related to the maintenance of international peace and security  allowing WTO Members to disregard ex GATT obligations in order to implement the coercive measures decided by the Security Council on the basis of articles 39 and 41 of the Charter (pp. 622-623). Based on these considerations  the suspension of commercial obligations would also be allowed by countries not directly involved in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict.Finally  however  it should be remembered that the predominant interpretation of the exceptions in question recognizes the power of states to self-determine  in a completely subjective way  which situations jeopardize their national security and what actions are necessary to deal with this emergency. Consequently  this assessment is beyond the control of any bodies responsible for establishing the legitimacy of such measures in the framework of the WTO dispute settlement system (see the aforementioned Russian – Measures Concerning Traffic in Transit decision  para. 7.102-7.103). However  the invocation of art. XXI (b) of the GATT is not completely non-justiciable: the paneland the eventual WTO Appellate Body will in any case have to assess that the appeal to the exception is made in good faith (more fully  see Schill and Briese  pp. 106-110).The art. XXI of the GATT and the “sister” provisions contained in the other WTO agreements  therefore  could offer a certain margin of maneuver to justifycoercive measures of a unilateral nature which in principle would be prohibited by the DSU and contrary to various provisions of the WTO agreements: it will be It is clearly necessary to objectively demonstrate the existence of an exceptional situation for international relations and  furthermore  that the measure was undertaken reasonably and without abuses. If not  there appears to be no justification in the WTO special regime for such measures. Certainly  the Organization’s dispute resolution system may soon have to confront this issue again  by virtue of the many measures adopted against the Russian Federation and  to a lesser extent  Belarus  by other states in response to the conflict.,negative,0.02,0.18,0.8,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Extraterritorial Coercive Economic Measures', 'International Trade Law', 'Legality', 'Russia', 'Lens', 'final year BA LLB candidate', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommuni', 'United Nations Security Council', 'UN International Law Commission', 'Jindal Global Law School', 'United Nations General Assembly', 'United Nations Charter', 'Dr. Aniruddha Rajput', 'major engineering sectors', 'easy merchant routes', 'previous Soviet recognition', 'global supply chains', 'numerous metal alloys', 'numerous unilateral measures', 'Russian central bank', 'The Russian Federation', 'World Trade Organization', 'Russian military intervention', 'consequent trade restrictions', 'Economic Coercive Measures', 'financial markets', 'global trade', 'global repercussions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'numerous unknowns', 'general increase', 'Director General', 'military forces', 'economic strength', 'economic resources', 'bank deposits', 'bank credit', 'Russian flag', 'Russian government', 'Russian state', 'main Russian', 'Research Assistant', 'heavy toll', 'missing persons', 'displaced persons', 'neighboring countries', 'humanitarian issues', 'other scholars', 'negative implications', 'world economy', 'nuclear escalationhave', 'multinational companies', 'capital markets', 'national economies', 'obvious effect', 'raw materials', 'main exporters', 'strong rise', 'natural gas', 'Eastern Europe', 'grain shipments', 'Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala', 'recent statement', 'significant impacts', 'commercial companies', 'Ukrainian ports', 'Azov seas', 'Montreaux Convention', 'particular warships', 'European Union', 'other countries', 'reciprocal measures', 'foregone paralysis', 'minded states', 'South Korea', 'heavy mobilization', 'blatant violation', 'separatist republics', 'Belarusian nationality', 'Lukashenko regime', 'defense sector', 'commercial measures', 'dual use', 'Belarusian banks', 'SWIFT system', 'Ahan Gadkari', 'geopolitical instability', 'energy prices', 'current price', 'Russian-Ukrainian conflict', 'Member', 'Introduction', 'Ukraine', 'day', 'intensity', 'terms', 'victims', 'refuge', 'piecewill', 'qualification', 'light', 'contributions', 'example', 'Spagnolo', 'Favuzza', 'Fasciglione', 'risk', 'fact', 'first', 'food', 'hydrocarbons', 'aluminum', 'titanium', 'nickel', 'palladium', 'chemical', 'pharmaceutical', 'quarter', 'wheat', 'tensions', 'costs', 'bread', 'pasta', 'gravity', 'situation', 'WTO', 'effects', 'closure', 'navigationin', 'Black', 'theaters', 'transit', 'Bosphorus', 'Turkey', 'intention', 'provisions', 'Dardanelles', 'decisions', 'airspace', 'aircraft', 'condemnation', 'resolution', '2 March', 'territory', 'borders', 'Several', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Singapore', 'America', 'Switzerland', 'others', 'troops', 'employment', 'reaction', 'Art.', 'Luhansk', 'Donetsk', 'sanctions', 'subjects', 'entities', 'complicity', 'conduct', 'Question', 'freezing', 'assets', 'individuals', 'limit', 'access', 'prohibition', 'bargaining', 'industries', 'imposition', 'duties', 'withdrawal', 'concessions', 'blocking', 'exports', 'arms', 'products', 'systems', 'technologies', 'operation', 'disconnection', 'acronym', 'Society']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,opiniojuris.org
9869,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Compliance Officer to Euroclear Sweden https://t.co/We2jOpP3N9,nan,Compliance Officer to Euroclear Sweden https://t.co/We2jOpP3N9,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Compliance Officer', 'Euroclear', 'Sweden', 'We2jOpP3N9', 'Compliance Officer', 'Euroclear', 'Sweden', 'We2jOpP3N9']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,Unknown
9870,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,We've become a culture where we live in the moment': Suze Orman on savings crisis #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cFivrk6o3J,nan,We've become a culture where we live in the moment': Suze Orman on savings crisis #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cFivrk6o3J,neutral,0.04,0.85,0.11,neutral,0.04,0.85,0.11,True,English,"['Suze Orman', 'savings crisis', 'culture', 'moment', 'Fintech', 'cFivrk6o3J', 'Suze Orman', 'savings crisis', 'culture', 'moment', 'Fintech', 'cFivrk6o3J']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,Unknown
9871,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Progressives 'cautiously optimistic' as Barr agenda comes into focus #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IFZemZMHaT #regtech,nan,Progressives 'cautiously optimistic' as Barr agenda comes into focus #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IFZemZMHaT #regtech,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Barr agenda', 'Progressives', 'focus', 'Fintech', 'IFZemZMHaT', 'regtech', 'Barr agenda', 'Progressives', 'focus', 'Fintech', 'IFZemZMHaT', 'regtech']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,Unknown
9872,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,http://opiniojuris.org/2022/09/13/legality-of-extraterritorial-coercive-economic-measures-taken-against-russia-from-the-lens-of-international-trade-law/,Legality of Extraterritorial Coercive Economic Measures Taken Against Russia from the Lens of International Trade Law,[Ahan Gadkari is a final year BA LLB candidate at Jindal Global Law School. He serves as a Research Assistant under Dr. Aniruddha Rajput  Member  UN International Law Commission.] Introduction The conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine increases …,13.09.22 |[Ahan Gadkari is a final year BA LLB candidate at Jindal Global Law School. He serves as a Research Assistant under Dr. Aniruddha Rajput  Member  UN International Law Commission.]IntroductionThe conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine increases day by day in intensity and  with it  the already heavy toll in terms of victims  missing persons and displaced persons seeking refuge in neighboring countries grows. This piecewill not deal with humanitarian issues or the qualification of the Russian military intervention in the light of international law  so please refer to the contributions of other scholars published (for example  Gadkari  Spagnolo  Favuzza  or Fasciglione)  but rather the negative implications of same on financial markets and the world economy. War  geopolitical instability  the risk of a nuclear escalationhave in fact introduced numerous unknowns for global trade  for multinational companies  for capital markets and for national economies themselves.Economically  the first and perhaps most obvious effect of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict was a general increase in the prices of raw materials and food. The Russian Federation is among the main exporters of hydrocarbons  as well as of numerous metal alloys (such as aluminum  titanium  nickel and palladium) essential for the steel  chemical and petrochemical  pharmaceutical and major engineering sectors. The instability generated by the conflict and the consequent trade restrictions have caused a very strong rise in energy prices  as evidenced by the current price of natural gas  which has practically doubled compared to a year ago. Taken together  moreover  the Russian Federation and Ukraine account for over a quarter of the world trade in wheat: tensions in Eastern Europe threaten to curb grain shipments around the world  increasing the costs of producing bread and pasta. The gravity of the situation was underlined by the Director General of the World Trade Organization (WTO)  Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala  in a recent statement.The effects of the conflict are also having significant impacts on global supply chains: commercial companies are struggling to find easy merchant routes  with the closure of Ukrainian ports  the risks for navigationin the Black and Azov seas  theaters of the conflict  and restrictions on transit in the Bosphorus  where Turkey has already announced its intention to implement the provisions of the Montreaux Convention that allow it to restrict navigation  in particular warships  through the Dardanelles. Following the decisions of the European Union  the United States and other countries to close their airspace to aircraft flying the Russian flag – and the reciprocal measures adopted by the Russian government – trade is further restricted also by air.If the effects of the conflict have and will have global repercussions  the “price” that the Russian Federation risks paying could be very high. The condemnation of the conflict  in the foregone paralysis of the United Nations Security Council  came almost unanimously from the United Nations General Assembly which  with a resolution adopted on 2 March last  requested the Russian Federation to “immediately  completely and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders”. Several like-minded states(including Australia  Canada  South Korea  Japan  United Kingdom  Singapore  United States of America  Switzerland  among others) and the European Union have responded to the heavy mobilization of troops with employment of all its economic strength  implementing numerous unilateral measures – but certainly “agreed” – in reaction to the blatant violation of Art. 2.4 of the United Nations Charter  and the previous Soviet recognition of the separatist republics of Luhansk and Donetsk. Many of these coercive measures(commonly – and improperly – known as “sanctions”) have also been extended to subjects and entities of Belarusian nationality  due to the complicity of the Lukashenko regime in military intervention alongside the Russian Federation. Clearly  these measures are aimed at isolating the Russian state and evaporating the economic resources necessary for the conduct of the war.Economic Coercive Measures in QuestionThe measures adopted include the freezing of assets of individuals and commercial companies  the limit on bank deposits and access to bank credit  the prohibition of bargaining for industries operating in the defense sector  the imposition of duties  restrictions on the access to the market and commercial measures such as the withdrawal of concessions and the blocking of exports (of arms  first of all  together with products  systems and technologies susceptible of so-called dual use). The assets of the Russian central bank in the territory of the EU and the United States have been blocked  as have those of the main Russian and Belarusian banks  whose “operation” was severely limited by disconnection from the SWIFT system (acronym for Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication)  which made payments of a transnational nature connected to trade and financial activities substantially more complex  articulated and lengthy. In total  some 700 people and 60 entities are now subject to sanctions  including President Putin  ministers and senior officials of the Russian administrative apparatus  351 deputies of the Duma and well-known personalities of the Russian financial elite  including billionaires Alexei Mordashov  Vladimir Lisin and Alisher Usmanov  considered to be very close to the Russian President  whose assets have also been subject to seizure orders in Italy. These measures  which are already quite incisive in themselves  have been accompanied by provisions that impose a ban on the stay and movement of affected individuals on the territory of the states that impose the sanction (travel ban) and blockades of air and naval traffic. In addition  the main international clearing systems  Euroclear and Clearstream  have decided to refuse transactions in rubles  as well as several commercial banks have temporarily suspended the sale and purchase of the currency  the value of which has fallen by more than 40%. Other global financial players  such as major payment and credit card networks  have suspended their operations in Russia and Belarus. Many multinational companies  including the so-called big-tech  have suspended sales of their products and services in Russia.International InstrumentsAll the instruments listed (without any claim to be exhaustive) have been adopted unilaterally by the States and by the European Union or voluntarily by private subjects. As regards the measures adopted by the States and the Union  it should be emphasized that these coercive measures were implemented in the absence of a decision by the United Nations Security Council pursuant to art. 41 of the United Nations Charter which  as is well known  allows for the adoption of measures not involving the use of force when one of the situations envisaged by art. 39 of the United Nations Charter. The legitimacyof the countermeasures adopted by States not particularly harmed by an international offense is still today the subject of a wide debate on the level of general international law (on this point  it is permissible to refer to the considerations of Gadkari and Chowksey regarding the sanctions on Russia’s sovereign debt market; De Sena and Gradoni regarding the measures adopted in 2014 in the to the Russian Federation and  more generally  to the studies of Asada; Dawidowicz; Hofer; Silingardi; Sossai; Tzanakopoulos; and Ronzitti). However  it is clear that some measures can be framed in specific regulatory regimes: in particular  this practice appears questionable in the light of international trade law.The tools most often used by governments for sanctions include embargoes  boycotts or the imposition of quantitative restrictions on trade  as well as the creation of non-tariff barriers  such as prescribing specific licensing or packaging requirements. Such measures could violate various clauses of the WTO agreements  in particular the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) and the General Agreement on Trade in Services(GATS)  whose founding principles are reciprocity and non-discrimination in commercial relations  the latter expressed by the well-known standardsof national treatment and most favoured nation(MFN). In particular  Article I  paragraph 1  of the GATT (as well as Article II of the GATS) provides for equal treatment with respect to similar products originating in or destined for the territories of all the other Contracting Parties: some countries  such as Canada  have already withdrawn this privilege with regard to goods from the Russian Federation and Belarus  while legislative proposals to this effect have been introduced at the US Congress. On 15 March 2022  the President of the European Commission announced that this measure will also be implemented by the European Union and its Members within the framework of the World Trade Organization.As a result of these decisions  goods and services from the Russian Federation could incur much higher tariffs. Furthermore  the unilateral measures implemented so far have established quantitative restrictions on the export of various categories of goods  which could constitute a violation of art. IX of the GATT  which prescribes the elimination of the so-called quotas  as well as the limitations imposed on air  sea and land transport could result in a violation of the rule that requires the free transit of goods and services in the territories of the Contracting Parties (art. V GATT). In addition  it should be noted that art. 23 of the Understanding on Dispute Settlement (DSU) prohibits the use of unilateral self-helpmeasures  establishing the obligation to resort to the dispute resolution system provided for by the Agreement: this interpretation has been confirmed by various panels  including those set up in cases US-Shrimp (par. 7.43) and Canada – Aircraft Credits and Guarantees (par. 7.170)  which have clearly identified as “prohibited” the measures taken individually by States outside the procedural framework managed by the Dispute Settlement Body. These and other provisions  therefore  would render illegitimate any unilateral coercive measure of a commercial nature adopted by one Member State against another.However  the WTO agreements also include clauses of exception to the general regime of trade liberalization  allowing that – in the presence of specific requirements – Member States can adopt measures that have the effect of restricting commercial traffic in order to protect values and non-economic needs. Specifically  while art. XX of the GATT (and art. XIV of the GATS) outline a series of general exceptions (see Espa  pp. 193-228; Mauro  pp. 159-162)  art. XXI of the GATT and XIVbis of the GATS (as well as Article 73 of the agreement relating to the Trade Related Aspects of International Property Rights – TRIPS) instead offer the opportunity to use measures based on essential security needs. Such clauses have very rarely been invoked in WTO practice (see Mavroidis  Bermann  Wu  pp. 684-786).As dictated by the letter of art. XXI of the GATT  however  this security exception is directly linked to the objectives of peace protection and maintenance of international security professed by the United Nations Charter  as well as letter (b) of the same provision prescribes that such measures can be decided in period of war or emergency in international relations. By invoking this provision  Ukraine has decided to apply a full embargo to products originating from the Russian Federation and not to apply the WTO agreements with the same state  as summarized in a letter addressed to the Chairmanof the General Council of the WTO. It is questionable  however  whether the coercive measures adopted by Ukraine and other states against the Russian Federation and Belarus are legitimate and therefore can fall within the exception clause.WTO JurisprudenceTwo recent cases in the WTO may come in support  as the use of unilateral economic measures was specifically considered in them. In 2017  Qatar had resorted to the WTO dispute settlement body because of the actions of four states – Bahrain  Egypt  Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) – arguing that the coercive economic measures taken by those states constituted a violation of the Organization’s rules  impeding the freedom of transit of goods and frustrating most of the commercial exchanges between the two countries. However  although the panelestablished in the dispute between Qatar and Saudi Arabia had recognized the existence of a state of “tension” and the breakdown of diplomatic relations between the two countries  in the decision only some measures adopted by the Saudi government had been deemed justified by security reasons: rather surprisingly  however  there was no elaboration or analysis in the report about the nature of the emergency situationthat would have justified trade restrictive measures (see Saudi Arabia – Measures Concerning The Protection Of Intellectual Property Rights  par. 7.257; on the subject  see Glöckle). A previous case between Ukraine and Russia  opened in 2016  instead resulted in a decision in 2019 that provides a more complete interpretation of the security exception under Article XXI (see Russia – Measures Concerning Traffic In Transit; in subject  see Adinolfi and Marotti; Voon). As is well known  the dispute arose following the serious deterioration of relations between the two countries in February 2014  a situation that had led the Russian Federation to limit the transit through its territory of Ukrainian goods destined for Central Asian markets. Ukraine had challenged these restrictions before the WTO bodies as contrary to Article V of the GATT as well as to various trade commitments under the Protocol of Accession of the Russian Federation to the Organization. Russia replied by invoking Article XXI (b) (iii) of the GATT  which as mentioned provides that a member of the WTO can take any action “which it considers necessary for the protection of its essential security interests taken in time of war or other emergency in international relations”. The panelthen considered that Russia had satisfied the requirements to invoke the exception and had interpreted the requirement of emergency in international relations as a “situation of armed conflict  or of latent armed conflict  or of heightened tension or crisis  or of general instability engulfing or surrounding a state” (par. 7.75-7.76). Consequently  the situation between these two states could well be considered an emergency in international relations  justifying the restrictive measures adopted against Ukrainian goods pursuant to article XXI (b) (iii) of the GATT (par. 7.5.7; on the subject  see Neuwirth and Svetlicinii). According to the panelists  in fact  there was evidence that relations between Ukraine and the Russian Federation had deteriorated to the point of causing concern for the entire international community  in light of the recognition of the situation by the United Nations General Assembly and the protests and unilateral measures adopted by numerous governments.In light of the previous – albeit sparse – case law related to the security exception  a first assessment of the coercive measures implemented against the Russian Federation and Belarus in February / March 2022 can therefore be proposed. First of all  there seems to be no doubt about the fact that the current conflict can be considered a situation of “war or emergency in international relations” which makes art. XXI – and the relevant provisions contained in the other agreements – and consequently possible the non -applicationof the WTO rules by Ukraine vis-à-vis the Russian Federation. However  it has to be ascertained whether the Ukrainian state can also disregard the obligations arising from agreements that are not strictly “commercial”: the Ukrainian diplomatic note  in fact  speaks in a generic way of “WTO Agreements”  also including other annexes to the WTO Agreement  such as the DSU and the Agreement relating to periodic review of commercial policies. The exception clauses for security reasons  on the other hand  refer exclusively to the obligations present in the agreements in which they are contained and could therefore be invoked only in reference to obligations under the GATT  GATS and TRIPS. This circumstance was underlined by the Russian Federation itself in its diplomatic reply note.Secondly  in relation to the measures implemented by third countries  such as Canada  and by the European Union  it seems that the exception clause can still apply: the text of art. XXI of the GATT  in fact  does not contain any reference to emergency situations that directly involve the State invoking the exception  but refers to generic “essential interests” of security  which  in the opinion of the writer  may well include compliance the principle of the prohibition of using force in international relations  the safeguarding of the territorial integrity and political independence of other States and the obligation to resolve disputes peacefully. Nor do the cited clauses limit their scope of application to purely national situations: for example  letter (c) of art. XXI of the GATT makes a clear reference to the Charter of the United Nations and the obligations related to the maintenance of international peace and security  allowing WTO Members to disregard ex GATT obligations in order to implement the coercive measures decided by the Security Council on the basis of articles 39 and 41 of the Charter (pp. 622-623). Based on these considerations  the suspension of commercial obligations would also be allowed by countries not directly involved in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict.Finally  however  it should be remembered that the predominant interpretation of the exceptions in question recognizes the power of states to self-determine  in a completely subjective way  which situations jeopardize their national security and what actions are necessary to deal with this emergency. Consequently  this assessment is beyond the control of any bodies responsible for establishing the legitimacy of such measures in the framework of the WTO dispute settlement system (see the aforementioned Russian – Measures Concerning Traffic in Transit decision  para. 7.102-7.103). However  the invocation of art. XXI (b) of the GATT is not completely non-justiciable: the paneland the eventual WTO Appellate Body will in any case have to assess that the appeal to the exception is made in good faith (more fully  see Schill and Briese  pp. 106-110).The art. XXI of the GATT and the “sister” provisions contained in the other WTO agreements  therefore  could offer a certain margin of maneuver to justifycoercive measures of a unilateral nature which in principle would be prohibited by the DSU and contrary to various provisions of the WTO agreements: it will be It is clearly necessary to objectively demonstrate the existence of an exceptional situation for international relations and  furthermore  that the measure was undertaken reasonably and without abuses. If not  there appears to be no justification in the WTO special regime for such measures. Certainly  the Organization’s dispute resolution system may soon have to confront this issue again  by virtue of the many measures adopted against the Russian Federation and  to a lesser extent  Belarus  by other states in response to the conflict.,negative,0.02,0.18,0.8,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Extraterritorial Coercive Economic Measures', 'International Trade Law', 'Legality', 'Russia', 'Lens', 'final year BA LLB candidate', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommuni', 'United Nations Security Council', 'UN International Law Commission', 'Jindal Global Law School', 'United Nations General Assembly', 'United Nations Charter', 'Dr. Aniruddha Rajput', 'major engineering sectors', 'easy merchant routes', 'previous Soviet recognition', 'global supply chains', 'numerous metal alloys', 'numerous unilateral measures', 'Russian central bank', 'The Russian Federation', 'World Trade Organization', 'Russian military intervention', 'consequent trade restrictions', 'Economic Coercive Measures', 'financial markets', 'global trade', 'global repercussions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'numerous unknowns', 'general increase', 'Director General', 'military forces', 'economic strength', 'economic resources', 'bank deposits', 'bank credit', 'Russian flag', 'Russian government', 'Russian state', 'main Russian', 'Research Assistant', 'heavy toll', 'missing persons', 'displaced persons', 'neighboring countries', 'humanitarian issues', 'other scholars', 'negative implications', 'world economy', 'nuclear escalationhave', 'multinational companies', 'capital markets', 'national economies', 'obvious effect', 'raw materials', 'main exporters', 'strong rise', 'natural gas', 'Eastern Europe', 'grain shipments', 'Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala', 'recent statement', 'significant impacts', 'commercial companies', 'Ukrainian ports', 'Azov seas', 'Montreaux Convention', 'particular warships', 'European Union', 'other countries', 'reciprocal measures', 'foregone paralysis', 'minded states', 'South Korea', 'heavy mobilization', 'blatant violation', 'separatist republics', 'Belarusian nationality', 'Lukashenko regime', 'defense sector', 'commercial measures', 'dual use', 'Belarusian banks', 'SWIFT system', 'Ahan Gadkari', 'geopolitical instability', 'energy prices', 'current price', 'Russian-Ukrainian conflict', 'Member', 'Introduction', 'Ukraine', 'day', 'intensity', 'terms', 'victims', 'refuge', 'piecewill', 'qualification', 'light', 'contributions', 'example', 'Spagnolo', 'Favuzza', 'Fasciglione', 'risk', 'fact', 'first', 'food', 'hydrocarbons', 'aluminum', 'titanium', 'nickel', 'palladium', 'chemical', 'pharmaceutical', 'quarter', 'wheat', 'tensions', 'costs', 'bread', 'pasta', 'gravity', 'situation', 'WTO', 'effects', 'closure', 'navigationin', 'Black', 'theaters', 'transit', 'Bosphorus', 'Turkey', 'intention', 'provisions', 'Dardanelles', 'decisions', 'airspace', 'aircraft', 'condemnation', 'resolution', '2 March', 'territory', 'borders', 'Several', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Singapore', 'America', 'Switzerland', 'others', 'troops', 'employment', 'reaction', 'Art.', 'Luhansk', 'Donetsk', 'sanctions', 'subjects', 'entities', 'complicity', 'conduct', 'Question', 'freezing', 'assets', 'individuals', 'limit', 'access', 'prohibition', 'bargaining', 'industries', 'imposition', 'duties', 'withdrawal', 'concessions', 'blocking', 'exports', 'arms', 'products', 'systems', 'technologies', 'operation', 'disconnection', 'acronym', 'Society']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,opiniojuris.org
9873,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream provides powerful yet simple texting #software for #churches. Their platform is built for mass texting… https://t.co/IDHUV89bNE,nan,Clearstream provides powerful yet simple texting #software for #churches. Their platform is built for mass texting… https://t.co/IDHUV89bNE,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['powerful yet simple texting #software', 'mass texting', 'Clearstream', 'churches', 'platform', 'IDHUV89bNE', 'powerful yet simple texting #software', 'mass texting', 'Clearstream', 'churches', 'platform', 'IDHUV89bNE']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,Unknown
9874,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,🥪 Looking for a lunch (or breakfast) date at @Sibos  2022 in #Amsterdam? Join our #Clearstream experts for insightf… https://t.co/7V1gRVOinS,nan,🥪 Looking for a lunch (or breakfast) date at @Sibos  2022 in #Amsterdam? Join our #Clearstream experts for insightf… https://t.co/7V1gRVOinS,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['lunch', 'breakfast', 'date', 'insightf', 'V1gRVOinS', 'lunch', 'breakfast', 'date', 'insightf', 'V1gRVOinS']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,Unknown
9875,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,🚀Let the countdown begin! #Clearstream  @EurexGroup and @DeutscheBoerse are ready to welcome you for the #GFFSummit… https://t.co/9ebWx41jCB,nan,🚀Let the countdown begin! #Clearstream  @EurexGroup and @DeutscheBoerse are ready to welcome you for the #GFFSummit… https://t.co/9ebWx41jCB,positive,0.58,0.4,0.01,positive,0.58,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['countdown', '9ebWx41jCB', 'countdown', '9ebWx41jCB']",2022-09-12,2022-09-14,Unknown
9876,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's August results here.   https://t.co/PqEhBu1RQc https://t.co/bjkFARlZIR,nan,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's August results here.   https://t.co/PqEhBu1RQc https://t.co/bjkFARlZIR,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['August results', 'PqEhBu1RQc', 'bjkFARlZIR', 'August results', 'PqEhBu1RQc', 'bjkFARlZIR']",2022-09-12,2022-09-14,Unknown
9881,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,First Centrally Cleared Short Bitcoin ETP Launched on Deutsche Boerse Xetra https://t.co/4J3UZndfd0,nan,First Centrally Cleared Short Bitcoin ETP Launched on Deutsche Boerse Xetra https://t.co/4J3UZndfd0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Short Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Xetra', 'J3UZndfd0', 'Short Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Xetra', 'J3UZndfd0']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,Unknown
9882,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The WisdomTree Blockchain UCITS ETF (WBLK) is listed on the Deutsche Boerse and Borsa Italiana and will also list o… https://t.co/9oLZeFtiDS,nan,The WisdomTree Blockchain UCITS ETF (WBLK) is listed on the Deutsche Boerse and Borsa Italiana and will also list o… https://t.co/9oLZeFtiDS,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['The WisdomTree Blockchain UCITS ETF', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Borsa Italiana', 'WBLK', '9oLZeFtiDS', 'The WisdomTree Blockchain UCITS ETF', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Borsa Italiana', 'WBLK', '9oLZeFtiDS']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,Unknown
9883,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Discover how financial services firm Deutsche Börse is pioneering a cloud-based IT infrastructure while maintaining… https://t.co/sXhNlclQKL,nan,Discover how financial services firm Deutsche Börse is pioneering a cloud-based IT infrastructure while maintaining… https://t.co/sXhNlclQKL,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['financial services firm', 'Deutsche Börse', 'cloud-based IT infrastructure', 'sXhNlclQKL', 'financial services firm', 'Deutsche Börse', 'cloud-based IT infrastructure', 'sXhNlclQKL']",2022-09-12,2022-09-14,Unknown
9884,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Enrichez-vous is the principle for #remuneration at #DeutscheBoerse - how an inbred 'Elite' fleeces the rest of the… https://t.co/50uNoCYAhZ,nan,Enrichez-vous is the principle for #remuneration at #DeutscheBoerse - how an inbred 'Elite' fleeces the rest of the… https://t.co/50uNoCYAhZ,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.04,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.04,True,English,"['Enrichez-vous', 'principle', 'remuneration', 'Elite', 'rest', 'uNoCYAhZ', 'Enrichez-vous', 'principle', 'remuneration', 'Elite', 'rest', 'uNoCYAhZ']",2022-09-11,2022-09-14,Unknown
9885,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Discover how financial services firm Deutsche Börse is pioneering a cloud-based IT infrastructure while maintaining… https://t.co/Z5KIDRxXrw,nan,Discover how financial services firm Deutsche Börse is pioneering a cloud-based IT infrastructure while maintaining… https://t.co/Z5KIDRxXrw,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['financial services firm', 'Deutsche Börse', 'cloud-based IT infrastructure', 'Z5KIDRxXrw', 'financial services firm', 'Deutsche Börse', 'cloud-based IT infrastructure', 'Z5KIDRxXrw']",2022-09-11,2022-09-14,Unknown
9886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fda-grants-genfit-gns561-orphan-201000372.html,FDA Grants GENFIT’s GNS561 Orphan Drug Designation for the Treatment of Cholangiocarcinoma,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  September 13  2022 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company...,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  September 13  2022 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Orphan Drug Designation to GNS5611 (ezurpimtrostat)  a novel clinical-stage autophagy/PPT1 inhibitor  for the treatment of cholangiocarcinoma.Cholangiocarcinoma is a rare liver malignancy with high mortality and limited treatment options. It occurs mostly in people over the age of 50.GNS561 (ezurpimtrostat) is a PPT-1 (Palmitoyl Protein Thioesterase-1) inhibitor that blocks autophagy. Autophagy is activated in tumor cells in response to certain conditions  due to a tumor cell growth in advanced cancers. GNS561 has completed pre-clinical studies and a Phase 1b trial confirming the rationale for targeting cholangiocarcinoma. A Phase 2 trial is expected to start in the fourth quarter 2022  with a first patient visit expected in the first quarter 2023.Dr Mark Yarchoan  Associate Professor of Oncology at John Hopkins Medicine (Baltimore  MD) commented: “Cholangiocarcinoma is a rare cancer with a high mortality rate. Patients have limited treatment options  particularly following first line therapy. This is why new therapies are urgently needed and is one of the reasons that GNS561 was granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA. There is a real path forward for new options for second line treatment in cholangiocarcinoma  and GNS561 represents a strong second-line therapy candidate and hope to patients.”ABOUT GNS561GNS561 is a PPT-1 (Palmitoyl Protein Thioesterase-1) inhibitor that blocks autophagy. Autophagy is activated in tumor cells in response to certain conditions  due to a tumor cell growth in advanced cancers. One of the key cellular organs implicated in the autophagy process is the lysosome. By entering the lysosomes and binding to its target  GNS561 has an important inhibiting activity on late-stage autophagy  which leads to tumor cell death.Story continuesABOUT CHOLANGIOCARCINOMACholangiocarcinoma is a type of cancer that forms in the slender tubes (bile ducts) that carry the digestive fluid bile. Cholangiocarcinoma occurs mostly in people over the age of 50. Cholangiocarcinoma is divided into intrahepatic and extrahepatic types based on where the disease occurs in the bile ducts. Cholangiocarcinoma is often diagnosed when it is advanced  making successful treatment difficult to achieve. Several risk factors of chronic inflammatory damage and increased cellular turnover have been established  such as primary sclerosing cholangitis (a cholestatic liver disease)  liver flukes  biliary tract cysts  hepatolithiasis and toxins. Treatment options for cholangiocarcinoma are limited and associated with high rates of tumor recurrence  and short survival times.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D is focused on three franchises: cholestatic diseases  Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and NASH diagnostics. In its cholestatic diseases franchise  ELATIVE™  a Phase 3 global trial evaluating elafibranor1 in patients with Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) is well underway following a successful Phase 2 clinical trial. Topline data is expected to be announced in the second quarter 2023. In 2021  GENFIT signed an exclusive licensing agreement with IPSEN to develop  manufacture and commercialize elafibranor in PBC and other indications. 2 GENFIT is also developing GNS5611 in cholangiocarcinoma following the acquisition of exclusive rights in this indication from Genoscience Pharma in 20213. In ACLF  a Phase 1 clinical program with nitazoxanide has been initiated with data expected as early as the third quarter 2022. As part of its diagnostic solutions franchise  the Company entered into an agreement with Labcorp in 2021 to commercialize NASHnext®  powered by GENFIT’s proprietary diagnostic technology NIS4® in identifying at-risk NASH.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris  France  and Cambridge  MA  USA. GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements regarding the timelines to start a Phase 2 study of GNS561 in cholangiocarcinoma  the expected timeline for first patient enrollment and the probability of success of GNS561’s mechanism of action to address the unmet medical need related to cholangiocarcinoma. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its drug and diagnostic candidates  the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  exchange rate fluctuations and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 29 April 2022 under n° D.22-0400  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2022. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Elafibranor and GNS561 are investigational compounds that have not been reviewed nor been approved by a regulatory authority2 With the exception of China  Hong Kong  Taiwan  and Macau where Terns Pharmaceuticals holds the exclusive license to develop and commercialize elafibranor3 Agreement includes commercialization and development in the United States  Canada and Europe  including the United Kingdom and SwitzerlandAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.75,0.24,mixed,0.17,0.19,0.63,True,English,"['GNS561 Orphan Drug Designation', 'FDA', 'GENFIT', 'Treatment', 'Cholangiocarcinoma', 'novel clinical-stage autophagy/PPT1 inhibitor', 'Palmitoyl Protein Thioesterase-1) inhibitor', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform', 'strong second-line therapy candidate', 'high unmet medical needs', 'severe chronic liver diseases', 'successful Phase 2 clinical trial', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Phase 3 global trial', 'Phase 1 clinical program', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'chronic inflammatory damage', 'strong scientific heritage', 'Phase 1b trial', 'A Phase 2 trial', 'first line therapy', 'U.S. Food', 'Dr Mark Yarchoan', 'John Hopkins Medicine', 'important inhibiting activity', 'primary sclerosing cholangitis', 'biliary tract cysts', 'short survival times', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'cholestatic diseases franchise', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'first patient visit', 'proprietary diagnostic technology', 'rare liver malignancy', 'tumor cell growth', 'key cellular organs', 'tumor cell death', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'liver disease research', 'digestive fluid bile', 'diagnostic solutions franchise', 'cholestatic liver disease', 'high mortality rate', 'Several risk factors', 'second line treatment', 'exclusive licensing agreement', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'limited treatment options', 'successful treatment', 'liver flukes', 'Drug Administration', 'first quarter', 'high rates', 'high potential', 'tumor cells', 'cellular turnover', 'tumor recurrence', 'second quarter', 'exclusive rights', 'forward-looking statements', 'bile ducts', 'new options', 'United States', 'advanced cancers', 'pre-clinical studies', 'fourth quarter', 'Associate Professor', 'rare cancer', 'new therapies', 'real path', 'late-stage autophagy', 'slender tubes', 'extrahepatic types', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'early-stage assets', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'innovative therapeutic', 'R&D', 'three franchises', 'other indications', 'Genoscience Pharma', 'third quarter', 'compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'share capital', 'press release', 'late development', 'NASH diagnostics', 'Topline data', 'autophagy process', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'FDA', 'GNS5611', 'ezurpimtrostat', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'people', 'PPT-1', 'response', 'conditions', 'rationale', 'Oncology', 'Baltimore', 'MD', 'reasons', 'hope', 'ABOUT', 'lysosome', 'target', 'intrahepatic', 'hepatolithiasis', 'toxins', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'ACLF', 'ELATIVE™', 'elafibranor1', 'PBC', 'IPSEN', 'acquisition', 'nitazoxanide', 'Labcorp', 'NASHnext®', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'respect', 'meaning']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biotalys-announces-participation-investor-industry-050000824.html,Biotalys announces participation at investor and industry events for the upcoming months,Ghent  Belgium  Sept. 13  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with...,"Biotalys NVGhent  Belgium  Sept. 13  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety of European investor and business events. Biotalys welcomes the opportunity to engage with institutional and retail investors during these events to share the company’s exciting development since its IPO in July 2021.Berenberg Food Ingredients & Chemicals Conference 2022September 13-14  2022London  UKGroup presentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsKepler Cheuvreux Autumn ConferenceSeptember 15  2022Paris  FranceGroup presentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsWorld Agri-Tech Innovation SummitSeptember 20-21  2022London  UKPanel debate with Patrice Sellès  CEO of BiotalysL’investisseur on TourSeptember 26  2022Braine-L'Alleud  Belgium or via livestreamPresentation by Patrice Sellès (event in French)KBC Securities Sustainability ConferenceSeptember 29  2022VirtualGroup presentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsAnnual Biocontrol Industry Meeting (ABIM)October 24-26  2022Basel  SwitzerlandParticipation by Biotalys’ managementFoodTech CongressOctober 27  2022VirtualKeynote speech by Patrice SellèsVFB SoiréeOctober 27  2022Webinar organized by the Flemish Retail Investor Association (VFB) with Patrice SellèsAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.Story continuesFor further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.27,0.29,0.43,True,English,"['industry events', 'upcoming months', 'Biotalys', 'participation', 'investor', 'investors World Agri-Tech Innovation Summit', 'investors Annual Biocontrol Industry Meeting', 'Kepler Cheuvreux Autumn Conference', 'KBC Securities Sustainability Conference', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'Flemish Retail Investor Association', 'Biotalys’ management FoodTech Congress', 'UK Panel debate', 'Patrice Sellès', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'UK Group presentation', 'France Group presentation', 'Berenberg Food Ingredients', 'VFB Soirée', 'safer food supply', 'Virtual Group presentation', 'retail investors', 'Chemicals Conference', 'European investor', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'exciting development', '1-2-1 meetings', ""Braine-L'Alleud"", 'Keynote speech', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Communication T', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'Biotalys NV', 'upcoming participation', 'business events', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'The Biotalys', 'AgTech) company', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'BTLS', 'crops', 'variety', 'opportunity', 'institutional', 'IPO', 'July', 'London', 'Paris', 'September', 'CEO', 'investisseur', 'Tour', 'livestream', 'French', 'ABIM', 'October', 'Basel', 'Switzerland', 'Webinar', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'Story', 'Head', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law', '9']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220912005943/en/ONWARD-Reports-Positive-Topline-Results-from-a-Pivotal-Study-to-Restore-Arm-and-Hand-Function-in-People-With-Spinal-Cord-Injury,ONWARD Reports Positive Topline Results from a Pivotal Study to Restore Arm and Hand Function in People With Spinal Cord Injury,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (S…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announced that the Up-LIFT pivotal study evaluating ARC-EX Therapy achieved its primary effectiveness endpoint of improvement in upper extremity strength and function. ARC-EX Therapy is a proprietary non-invasive spinal cord stimulation technology designed to restore movement and other functions in people with movement disabilities.“The Up-LIFT study results represent a turning point in the field of spinal cord injury and paralysis science ” said Marco Baptista  Ph.D.  Chief Scientific Officer of the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation. “Functional recovery once deemed impossible may now be in reach. The Reeve Foundation looks forward to this technology advancing and  we hope  becoming widely available to our community.”“Our vision is to empower people with spinal cord injury to enjoy life in every way that matters to them. Today’s excellent results from the Up-LIFT study will help us transform that vision into reality”  said Dave Marver  ONWARD CEO. “Our team is working hard to prepare regulatory submissions and to get ready for launch in the U.S. and Europe. We are hopeful we can begin to positively impact the lives of people with spinal cord injury sometime during the second half of 2023.”“Restoring hand and arm function after spinal cord injury is life-changing  freeing people with paralysis to feed and care for themselves and be more independent in everyday activities ” said Chet Moritz  Ph.D.  study co-Principal Investigator (co-PI) and Professor of Electrical & Computer Engineering and Rehabilitation Medicine at the University of Washington.“We are grateful to the many therapists  clinicians  and people with SCI who participated in this landmark study. There was very low attrition over thousands of clinic visits  a testament to the collective enthusiasm for this compelling therapy and for everyone’s determination to find new treatment options for people with SCI ” added Edelle Field-Fote  PT  Ph.D.  FAPTA  FASIA  study co-PI  Director of SCI Research at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta  GA  and Professor at Emory University School of Medicine in the Department of Rehabilitation Medicine.The Up-LIFT study is a prospective  single-arm pivotal study designed to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of non-invasive electrical spinal cord stimulation (ARC-EX Therapy) to treat upper extremity functional deficits in people with chronic tetraplegia (paralysis of all four limbs). The study enrolled 65 people at 14 leading SCI centers in the U.S.  Europe  and Canada. Time since injury averaged 5.9 years (range 1 to 34 years) with an average subject age of 46.5 years. Detailed results will be made available after review by the FDA. The company plans to submit for regulatory approval in both the US and Europe within the next 6 months.Participants completed an average of 50 training sessions over a period of about 4 months. A series of comprehensive assessments were performed at baseline and monthly thereafter to detect changes in sensory and motor function of upper extremities that directly translate into improved functional performance in activities of daily living. Rigorous measures such as CUE-T  GRASSP  ISNCSCI iii and pinch and grasp force were used to detect clinically meaningful changes resulting from the combination of ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy with a standard of care rehabilitation. An independent data safety monitoring board adjudicated the safe conduct of the study.About Spinal Cord InjurySpinal cord injury (SCI) represents a major unmet medical need for which there is no cure. Approximately 7 million people globally have a spinal cord injury  with over 650 000 in the U.S. and Europe alone. The quality of life of people with SCI can be poor  with paralysis and loss of sensation  issues with blood pressure control and trunk stability  increased potential for infection  incontinence  and loss of sexual function. Assistance is required for daily living activities. And SCI is costly  with the average lifetime cost for a paraplegic (paralysis of the legs) of $2.5 million and $5 million for a tetraplegic (paralysis of all four limbs). Treatments are urgently needed to restore movement and improve quality of life.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal-cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a wearable stimulator and wireless programmer. Topline data were reported in September 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of ARC-EX Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the U.S. and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead that is placed near the spinal cord. The company completed its first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release._________________________________i Results pending review by FDAii Anderson KD. Targeting recovery: priorities of the spinal cord-injured population. J Neurotrauma. 2004Oct;21(10):1371-83. doi: 10.1089/neu.2004.21.1371. PMID: 15672628.iii ISNCSCI = International Standards for Neurological Classification of Spinal Cord InjuryGRASSP = The Graded Redefined Assessment of Strength  Sensation  and PrehensionCUE-T = The Capabilities of the Upper Extremity Test,neutral,0.14,0.58,0.28,mixed,0.37,0.2,0.42,True,English,"['Positive Topline Results', 'Spinal Cord Injury', 'Pivotal Study', 'Hand Function', 'ONWARD', 'Arm', 'People', 'proprietary non-invasive spinal cord stimulation technology', 'independent data safety monitoring board', 'non-invasive electrical spinal cord stimulation', 'targeted, programmed spinal-cord stimulation', 'major unmet medical need', 'prospective, single-arm pivotal study', 'upper extremity functional deficits', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injuries', 'spinal cord injury', 'upper extremity strength', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Dana Reeve Foundation', 'new treatment options', 'blood pressure control', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'three Breakthrough Dev', 'medical technology company', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'average subject age', 'average lifetime cost', 'Up-LIFT pivotal study', 'primary effectiveness endpoint', 'The Reeve Foundation', 'Emory University School', '14 leading SCI centers', 'daily living activities', 'Up-LIFT study results', 'ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy', 'upper extremities', 'Functional recovery', 'functional performance', 'excellent results', 'Detailed results', 'compelling therapy', 'ARC Therapy', 'landmark study', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'other functions', 'turning point', 'Marco Baptista', 'Ph.D.', 'Dave Marver', 'regulatory submissions', 'U.S.', 'second half', 'everyday activities', 'Chet Moritz', 'Principal Investigator', 'Computer Engineering', 'many therapists', 'low attrition', 'clinic visits', 'collective enthusiasm', 'Edelle Field-Fote', 'Shepherd Center', 'chronic tetraplegia', 'four limbs', 'regulatory approval', '50 training sessions', 'comprehensive assessments', 'Rigorous measures', 'grasp force', 'care rehabilitation', 'safe conduct', 'trunk stability', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'ONWARD CEO', 'arm function', 'motor function', 'sexual function', 'Rehabilitation Medicine', 'next 6 months', 'meaningful changes', 'SCI Research', 'to 34 years', 'movement disabilities', 'paralysis science', '7 million people', '4 months', '5.9 years', '46.5 years', '65 people', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'health', 'improvement', 'Christopher', 'reach', 'community', 'vision', 'way', 'reality', 'team', 'launch', 'Europe', 'lives', 'hand', 'Professor', 'Washington', 'clinicians', 'thousands', 'testament', 'everyone', 'determination', 'FAPTA', 'FASIA', 'Director', 'Atlanta', 'Department', 'Canada', 'review', 'FDA', 'Participants', 'period', 'series', 'baseline', 'sensory', 'improved', 'CUE-T', 'GRASSP', 'ISNCSCI', 'pinch', 'combination', 'standard', 'cure', 'quality', 'loss', 'sensation', 'issues', 'potential', 'infection', 'incontinence', 'Assistance', 'paraplegic', 'legs', 'tetraplegic', 'Treatments', 'work', 'world', 'implantable', 'ARC-IM']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,businesswire.com
9890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ramsay-sante-information-non-binding-153500069.html,RAMSAY SANTE : Information on the non-binding indicative proposal received by Ramsay Health Care Limited,Press release Paris  September 13th 2022 Information on the non-binding indicative proposal received by Ramsay Health Care Limited Ramsay Health Care Limited...,RAMSAY SANTEPress releaseParis  September 13th 2022Information on the non-binding indicative proposal received by Ramsay Health Care LimitedRamsay Health Care Limited  Australian main shareholder of Ramsay Générale de Santé  issued today an announcement on the progress of its discussions with the consortium of financial investors led by KKR in connection with the latter’s conditional  non-binding  indicative proposal to acquire 100% of the share capital of Ramsay Health Care Limited.This announcement  together with previous announcements issued by Ramsay Health Care Limited in this respect  can be consulted in full on Ramsay Health Care Limited website (www.ramsayhealth.com).About Ramsay SantéRamsay Santé is the leader of the private hospitalization and primary care in Europe with 36 000 employees and 8 600 practitioners serving 9 million patients in our 350 facilities in five countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy.Ramsay Santé offers almost all medical and surgical specialties in three business areas: general hospitals (medicine – surgery – obstetric)  follow-up care and rehabilitation clinics  mental health. In all its territories  the group contributes to missions of public service and to the territorial sanitary disposal  as for example in Sweden with more than 100 proximity care units.The quality and security of care is the group’s priority. As such our group is today a reference in terms of modern medicine  especially in outpatient care and enhanced recovery.Every year  the group invests more than €200 million in innovation whether it is in new surgical or imaging technologies  in building or modernizing its facilities… The group also innovates in its organization and digitalization in order to deliver care in a more efficient way to the benefit of the patient.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram : https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter : https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube : https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteStory continuesCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaygds.frInvestor Relations / Analysts Press RelationsJerome Brice Brigitte CachonTél. +33 6 87 57 71 60 Tél. +33 6 12 29 56 52jerome.brice@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,positive,0.58,0.37,0.05,True,English,"['Ramsay Health Care Limited', 'non-binding indicative proposal', 'RAMSAY SANTE', 'Information', 'Ramsay Générale de Santé', 'Ramsay Health Care Limited website', 'conditional, non-binding, indicative proposal', 'non-binding indicative proposal', 'Australian main shareholder', 'three business areas', 'territorial sanitary disposal', '100 proximity care units', 'Analysts Press Relations', 'Ramsay Santé', 'mental health', 'RAMSAY SANTE', 'primary care', 'follow-up care', 'outpatient care', 'Press release', 'Investor Relations', 'financial investors', 'share capital', 'previous announcements', 'private hospitalization', '9 million patients', 'five countries', 'surgical specialties', 'general hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'public service', 'new surgical', 'imaging technologies', 'efficient way', 'Code ISIN', 'Tél.', 'modern medicine', 'Euronext Paris', 'Jerome Brice', 'Brigitte Cachon', '13th', 'Information', 'progress', 'discussions', 'consortium', 'KKR', 'connection', 'respect', 'ramsayhealth', 'leader', 'Europe', '36 000 employees', '8 600 practitioners', '350 facilities', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'medical', 'surgery', 'obstetric', 'territories', 'group', 'missions', 'example', 'quality', 'security', 'priority', 'reference', 'terms', 'enhanced', 'recovery', 'innovation', 'organization', 'digitalization', 'order', 'benefit', 'Facebook', 'RamsaySante', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Story', 'ramsaygds', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000803.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Sep 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3688 £ 24.8347 Estimated MTD return -0.53 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.85 % -1.86 % Estimated ITD return 183.69 % 148.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.34 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.47 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.0638 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.3666The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pixium-vision-announces-implantation-first-050000408.html,Pixium Vision announces implantation of first patient in Italy in Prima System European pivotal trial PRIMAvera,Pixium Vision announces implantation of first patient in Italy in Prima System European pivotal trial PRIMAvera First patient treated at PRIMAvera clinical...,"Pixium VisionPixium Vision announces implantation of first patient in Italy in Prima System European pivotal trial PRIMAveraFirst patient treated at PRIMAvera clinical site in Rome  ItalyFollows successful implantations at clinical sites in France  Germany  the UK and the NetherlandsPRIMAvera on track to read-out around the end of 2023Paris  France  September 13  2022 – 07:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today the successful first implantation of a patient in Italy in the PRIMAvera pivotal trial in atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD).This follows the approval of the PRIMAvera study by the Italian Ministry of Health and the opening of the first clinical site in Italy at the Complesso Ospedaliero San Giovanni Addolorata. The PRIMAvera study aims to confirm the safety and the benefits provided by the Prima System and is the last clinical step before seeking market approval in Europe. The study was initiated in Q4 2020 in France. Pixium Vision has since established additional clinical sites and implanted patients in Germany  the UK and the Netherlands.""We are very pleased to have successfully implanted the first patient in Italy with the Prima System as part of the expanding PRIMAvera pivotal study "" said Prof. Andrea Cusumano  co-investigator of the PRIMAvera study for Italy. ""We have been following the development of the Prima System since its inception and we have seen the significant promise it shows for those suffering from dry AMD  a disease for which we struggle to provide acceptable solution and hope to patients and their families. PRIMA's small size and wireless design means the implantation is a straightforward procedure which can be completed with minimal surgery. We will move ahead now with further implantations and we look forward to adding our efforts to the clinical assessment of this innovative technology.""Story continuesThe PRIMAvera study design is based on the positive data generated in a French feasibility study  showing the ability of patients with dry AMD to improve visual acuity with the Prima System.A total of 38 patients will be implanted in the PRIMAvera study  an open-label  baseline-controlled  non-randomized  multi-center  prospective  single-arm pivotal trial. The primary efficacy endpoint is the proportion of subjects with an improvement of visual acuity of logMAR 0.2 or more from baseline to 12 months  and the primary safety endpoint is the number and severity of device and procedure-related serious adverse events at 12 months follow-up. The study will include three years of follow-up  with an assessment of the primary endpoints at 12 months after implantation.The implantation of patients has been performed at five sites in France  four in Germany as well as the Moorfields Eye Hospital in the UK  the Rotterdam Eye Hospital in the Netherlands and Complesso Ospedaliero San Giovanni Addolorata in Italy. Pixium Vision anticipates recruitment will be completed by the end of 2022 leading to a read-out of the PRIMAvera study around the end of 2023.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information:http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on@PixiumVision ;www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.32,0.4,True,English,"['Prima System European pivotal trial', 'Pixium Vision', 'first patient', 'implantation', 'Italy', 'PRIMAvera', 'open-label, baseline-controlled, non-randomized, multi-center, prospective, single-arm pivotal trial', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Complesso Ospedaliero San Giovanni Addolorata', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Prima System European pivotal trial', 'procedure-related serious adverse events', 'expanding PRIMAvera pivotal study', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'PRIMAvera pivotal trial', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'The PRIMAvera study design', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Prof. Andrea Cusumano', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Rotterdam Eye Hospital', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'last clinical step', '2021 Half-Year Financial Report', 'French feasibility study', 'PRIMAvera clinical site', 'first clinical site', 'additional clinical sites', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'primary safety endpoint', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'wireless design', 'amf- france.org', 'forward looking statements', 'successful first implantation', 'dry AMD', 'innovative technology', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'primary endpoints', 'clinical testing', 'financial condition', 'la Vision', 'five sites', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'first patient', 'clinical assessment', 'successful implantations', 'independent lives', 'Italian Ministry', 'significant promise', 'acceptable solution', 'small size', 'straightforward procedure', 'minimal surgery', 'positive data', 'visual acuity', 'three years', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'other documents', 'market approval', 'numerous risks', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'Italy', 'Rome', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Netherlands', 'track', 'September', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'Health', 'opening', 'benefits', 'Q4', 'investigator', 'development', 'inception', 'disease', 'hope', 'families', 'efforts', 'Story', 'ability', 'total', 'proportion', 'subjects', 'improvement', 'logMAR', '12 months', 'number', 'severity', 'device', 'follow-up', 'recruitment', 'read', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'information', 'pixium-vision', '2023']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2515481/0/en/FDA-Grants-GENFIT-s-GNS561-Orphan-Drug-Designation-for-the-Treatment-of-Cholangiocarcinoma.html,FDA Grants GENFIT’s GNS561 Orphan Drug Designation for the Treatment of Cholangiocarcinoma,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  September 13  2022 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases  today announced that the…,English FrenchLille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  September 13  2022 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Orphan Drug Designation to GNS5611 (ezurpimtrostat)  a novel clinical-stage autophagy/PPT1 inhibitor  for the treatment of cholangiocarcinoma.Cholangiocarcinoma is a rare liver malignancy with high mortality and limited treatment options. It occurs mostly in people over the age of 50.GNS561 (ezurpimtrostat) is a PPT-1 (Palmitoyl Protein Thioesterase-1) inhibitor that blocks autophagy. Autophagy is activated in tumor cells in response to certain conditions  due to a tumor cell growth in advanced cancers. GNS561 has completed pre-clinical studies and a Phase 1b trial confirming the rationale for targeting cholangiocarcinoma. A Phase 2 trial is expected to start in the fourth quarter 2022  with a first patient visit expected in the first quarter 2023.Dr Mark Yarchoan  Associate Professor of Oncology at John Hopkins Medicine (Baltimore  MD) commented: “Cholangiocarcinoma is a rare cancer with a high mortality rate. Patients have limited treatment options  particularly following first line therapy. This is why new therapies are urgently needed and is one of the reasons that GNS561 was granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA. There is a real path forward for new options for second line treatment in cholangiocarcinoma  and GNS561 represents a strong second-line therapy candidate and hope to patients.”ABOUT GNS561GNS561 is a PPT-1 (Palmitoyl Protein Thioesterase-1) inhibitor that blocks autophagy. Autophagy is activated in tumor cells in response to certain conditions  due to a tumor cell growth in advanced cancers. One of the key cellular organs implicated in the autophagy process is the lysosome. By entering the lysosomes and binding to its target  GNS561 has an important inhibiting activity on late-stage autophagy  which leads to tumor cell death.ABOUT CHOLANGIOCARCINOMACholangiocarcinoma is a type of cancer that forms in the slender tubes (bile ducts) that carry the digestive fluid bile. Cholangiocarcinoma occurs mostly in people over the age of 50. Cholangiocarcinoma is divided into intrahepatic and extrahepatic types based on where the disease occurs in the bile ducts. Cholangiocarcinoma is often diagnosed when it is advanced  making successful treatment difficult to achieve. Several risk factors of chronic inflammatory damage and increased cellular turnover have been established  such as primary sclerosing cholangitis (a cholestatic liver disease)  liver flukes  biliary tract cysts  hepatolithiasis and toxins. Treatment options for cholangiocarcinoma are limited and associated with high rates of tumor recurrence  and short survival times.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D is focused on three franchises: cholestatic diseases  Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and NASH diagnostics. In its cholestatic diseases franchise  ELATIVE™  a Phase 3 global trial evaluating elafibranor1 in patients with Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) is well underway following a successful Phase 2 clinical trial. Topline data is expected to be announced in the second quarter 2023. In 2021  GENFIT signed an exclusive licensing agreement with IPSEN to develop  manufacture and commercialize elafibranor in PBC and other indications. 2 GENFIT is also developing GNS5611 in cholangiocarcinoma following the acquisition of exclusive rights in this indication from Genoscience Pharma in 20213. In ACLF  a Phase 1 clinical program with nitazoxanide has been initiated with data expected as early as the third quarter 2022. As part of its diagnostic solutions franchise  the Company entered into an agreement with Labcorp in 2021 to commercialize NASHnext®  powered by GENFIT’s proprietary diagnostic technology NIS4® in identifying at-risk NASH.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris  France  and Cambridge  MA  USA. GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements regarding the timelines to start a Phase 2 study of GNS561 in cholangiocarcinoma  the expected timeline for first patient enrollment and the probability of success of GNS561’s mechanism of action to address the unmet medical need related to cholangiocarcinoma. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its drug and diagnostic candidates  the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  exchange rate fluctuations and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 29 April 2022 under n° D.22-0400  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2022. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Elafibranor and GNS561 are investigational compounds that have not been reviewed nor been approved by a regulatory authority2 With the exception of China  Hong Kong  Taiwan  and Macau where Terns Pharmaceuticals holds the exclusive license to develop and commercialize elafibranor3 Agreement includes commercialization and development in the United States  Canada and Europe  including the United Kingdom and SwitzerlandAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.75,0.24,mixed,0.12,0.17,0.7,True,English,"['GNS561 Orphan Drug Designation', 'FDA', 'GENFIT', 'Treatment', 'Cholangiocarcinoma', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Ac', 'novel clinical-stage autophagy/PPT1 inhibitor', 'Palmitoyl Protein Thioesterase-1) inhibitor', 'strong second-line therapy candidate', 'high unmet medical needs', 'severe chronic liver diseases', 'successful Phase 2 clinical trial', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Phase 3 global trial', 'Phase 1 clinical program', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'chronic inflammatory damage', 'strong scientific heritage', 'Phase 1b trial', 'A Phase 2 trial', 'first line therapy', 'U.S. Food', 'Dr Mark Yarchoan', 'John Hopkins Medicine', 'important inhibiting activity', 'primary sclerosing cholangitis', 'biliary tract cysts', 'short survival times', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'cholestatic diseases franchise', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'first patient visit', 'proprietary diagnostic technology', 'rare liver malignancy', 'tumor cell growth', 'key cellular organs', 'tumor cell death', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'liver disease research', 'digestive fluid bile', 'diagnostic solutions franchise', 'cholestatic liver disease', 'high mortality rate', 'Several risk factors', 'second line treatment', 'exclusive licensing agreement', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'limited treatment options', 'successful treatment', 'liver flukes', 'Drug Administration', 'first quarter', 'high rates', 'high potential', 'tumor cells', 'cellular turnover', 'tumor recurrence', 'second quarter', 'exclusive rights', 'forward-looking statements', 'bile ducts', 'new options', 'English French', 'United States', 'advanced cancers', 'pre-clinical studies', 'fourth quarter', 'Associate Professor', 'rare cancer', 'new therapies', 'real path', 'late-stage autophagy', 'slender tubes', 'extrahepatic types', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'early-stage assets', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'innovative therapeutic', 'R&D', 'three franchises', 'other indications', 'Genoscience Pharma', 'third quarter', 'compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'share capital', 'press release', 'late development', 'NASH diagnostics', 'Topline data', 'autophagy process', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'FDA', 'GNS5611', 'ezurpimtrostat', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'people', 'PPT-1', 'response', 'conditions', 'rationale', 'Oncology', 'Baltimore', 'MD', 'reasons', 'hope', 'ABOUT', 'lysosome', 'target', 'intrahepatic', 'hepatolithiasis', 'toxins', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'ACLF', 'ELATIVE™', 'elafibranor1', 'PBC', 'IPSEN', 'acquisition', 'nitazoxanide', 'Labcorp', 'NASHnext®', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'respect', 'meaning']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2514578/0/en/Biotalys-announces-participation-at-investor-and-industry-events-for-the-upcoming-months.html,Biotalys announces participation at investor and industry events for the upcoming months,Ghent  Belgium  Sept. 13  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variet…,"Ghent  Belgium  Sept. 13  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety of European investor and business events. Biotalys welcomes the opportunity to engage with institutional and retail investors during these events to share the company’s exciting development since its IPO in July 2021.Berenberg Food Ingredients & Chemicals Conference 2022September 13-14  2022London  UKGroup presentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsKepler Cheuvreux Autumn ConferenceSeptember 15  2022Paris  FranceGroup presentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsWorld Agri-Tech Innovation SummitSeptember 20-21  2022London  UKPanel debate with Patrice Sellès  CEO of BiotalysL’investisseur on TourSeptember 26  2022Braine-L'Alleud  Belgium or via livestreamPresentation by Patrice Sellès (event in French)KBC Securities Sustainability ConferenceSeptember 29  2022VirtualGroup presentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsAnnual Biocontrol Industry Meeting (ABIM)October 24-26  2022Basel  SwitzerlandParticipation by Biotalys’ managementFoodTech CongressOctober 27  2022VirtualKeynote speech by Patrice SellèsVFB SoiréeOctober 27  2022Webinar organized by the Flemish Retail Investor Association (VFB) with Patrice SellèsAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.27,0.52,True,English,"['industry events', 'upcoming months', 'Biotalys', 'participation', 'investor', 'investors World Agri-Tech Innovation Summit', 'investors Annual Biocontrol Industry Meeting', 'Kepler Cheuvreux Autumn Conference', 'KBC Securities Sustainability Conference', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'Flemish Retail Investor Association', 'Biotalys’ management FoodTech Congress', 'UK Panel debate', 'Patrice Sellès', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'Berenberg Food Ingredients', 'VFB Soirée', 'safer food supply', 'UK Group presentation', 'France Group presentation', 'retail investors', 'Chemicals Conference', 'European investor', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'exciting development', '1-2-1 meetings', ""Braine-L'Alleud"", 'Keynote speech', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Communication T', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'upcoming participation', 'business events', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'The Biotalys', 'AgTech) company', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'BTLS', 'crops', 'variety', 'opportunity', 'institutional', 'IPO', 'July', 'London', 'Paris', 'September', 'CEO', 'investisseur', 'Tour', 'livestream', 'French', 'ABIM', 'October', 'Basel', 'Switzerland', 'Virtual', 'Webinar', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'Head', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law', '9']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/groupe-partouche-return-pre-crisis-160000415.html,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Return to pre-crisis income level at constant scope - 3rd quarter turnover: solid momentum at constant scope (+12.7% vs Q3 2021),Return to pre-crisis income level at constant scope3rd quarter turnover: solid momentum at constant scope (+12.7% vs Q3 2021) Paris  13th September 2022  06:...,"GROUPE PARTOUCHEReturn to pre-crisis income level at constant scope3rd quarter turnover: solid momentum at constant scope (+12.7% vs Q3 2021)Paris  13th September 2022  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 3rd quarter 2022 (May – July 2022).Solid business activity at constant scope  during the 3rd quarterThe 3rd quarter of the current financial year (May to July 2022) marks the return to normal operations: all the Group's casinos are now open and all health constraints have been lifted. For the record  during the 3rd quarter of the previous financial year  activity was still largely impacted in all geographies (reception gauges  curfew then health pass in France  closure in Belgium until 9th June  etc.) with the exception of Switzerland.At the same time  turnover for the 3rd quarter 2022 is impacted by significant scope effects representing - € 28.1 M in aggregate GGR compared to Q3 2021 (and - € 14.2 M versus 2019). They concern:the sale of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino on 31 st January 2022 (GGR of € 2.2 M in the 3 rd quarter 2021 and € 3.0 M in the 3 rd quarter 2019);the cessation of the operation of online games and bets in Belgium and of the management of the Ostend casino since 29 th July 2021 (GGR of € 26.1 M in the 3 rd quarter 2021 and € 11.2 M in 3 rd quarter 2019);the entry into the Group of the casino of Middelkerke (Belgium) from 1st July 2022  with an opening on 8th July 2022 after some works (GGR of € 0.2 M in the 3rd quarter 2022).Despite these scope effects  Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) increases by +10.8% to € 167.9 M in the 3rd quarter  compared to € 151.5 M a year earlier. At constant scope  it increases by +36.1% compared to the 3rd quarter 2021 to € 167.6 M and by +11.9% compared to the 3rd quarter 2019.In France  GGR amounts to € 152.9 M  up +36.2% compared to N-1  with slot machines and traditional games growing by +29.8% and +67.3% respectively. The GGR of electronic games follows the same trend at +36.1%.Abroad  on a like-for-like basis  GGR rebounds by +35.2% compared to N-1  driven by the ramping up of Swiss online games  whose GGR came to € 2.9 M compared to € 1.6 M € in the 3rd quarter 2021.Story continuesAfter levies with a very strong increase of +75.3% compared to the 3rd quarter 2021 mainly due to the progressive scale in France (where the lower tax brackets applied)  the Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) is down at € 75.0 M (-23.8%).Turnover excluding games totals € 26.9 M over the period  compared to € 16.3 M for the previous year  up by +64.7%.Globally  3rd quarter turnover stands at € 100.9 M (-11.6% compared to 2021 and -3.8% compared to 2019). At constant scope  it increases by + 12.7 % versus 2021 and by +9.3% versus 2019.Return to 2019 level of activity over 9 months at constant scope and dynamic activityAt the end of July  aggregate income of the 9-month totals € 288.1 M (+78.6% compared to 2021)  with Net Gaming Revenue at € 228.4 M (+60.0%). Overall  at a constant scope  aggregate revenue for the first 9 months of 2022 financial year returns to its pre-Covid 2019 level (-0.4%). The Group's activity continues to develop in a dynamic climate since the end of the constraints linked to the vaccination pass.Upcoming event:4th quarter 2022 turnover: Tuesday 13th December 2022  after stock market closureIncome for fiscal year at 31st October 2022: Tuesday 24th April 2023  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment. ISIN: FR0012612646 - Reuters PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FP - Reuters: PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPANNEX1- Aggregate 9 months consolidated turnover  per quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 1st quarter (Nov. to Jan.) 98.1 23.5 +317.0% 116.6 2nd quarter (Feb. to Apr.) 89.1 23.6 +276.8% 105.3 3rd quarter (May to Jul.) 100.9 114.2 -11.6% 104.9 Total consolidated turnover 288.1 161.4 +78.6% 326.82- Construction of the consolidated turnover2.1 – 3rd quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 167.9 151.5 +10.8% 164.6 Levies -92.8 -53.0 +75.3% -87.1 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 75.0 98.5 -23.8% 77.5 Turnover excluding NGR 26.9 16.3 +64.7% 28.3 Fidelity programme -1.0 -0.6 - -0.8 Total consolidated turnover 100.9 114.2 -11.6% 104.92.2 – Aggregate 9 monthsIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 457.8 201.5 +127.2% 494.0 Levies -229.5 -58.7 +290.8% -237.2 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 228.4 142.8 +60.0% 256.8 Turnover excluding NGR 62.1 19.2 +223.5% 72.5 Fidelity programme -2.4 -0.6 - -2.5 Total consolidated turnover 288.1 161.4 +78.6% 326.83- Breakdown of turnover by activity3.1 – 3rd quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Casinos 87.8 96.5 -9.0% 93.0 Hotels 8.3 2.6 223.3% 3.0 Other 4.9 15.2 -67.8% 8.9 Total consolidated turnover 100.9 114.2 -11.6% 104.93.2 – Aggregate 9 monthsIn M€ 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Casinos 261.3 120.9 116.0% 298.5 Hotels 17.2 3.1 461.6% 5.8 Other 9.6 37.3 -74.3% 22.5 Total consolidated turnover 288.1 161.4 78.6% 326.84- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",neutral,0.13,0.78,0.09,mixed,0.31,0.33,0.35,True,English,"['pre-crisis income level', '3rd quarter turnover', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'constant scope', 'solid momentum', 'Return', 'Q3', 'ANNEX 1- Aggregate 9 months consolidated turnover', 'lower tax brackets', 'Tuesday 24th April', 'Tuesday 13th December', 'Total consolidated turnover', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'current financial year', 'significant scope effects', 'previous financial year', '4th quarter 2022 turnover', 'stock market closure', 'Swiss online games', 'pre-crisis income level', '3rd quarter turnover', 'Solid business activity', 'aggregate income', '2022 financial year', 'previous year', 'market leaders', 'gaming club', 'solid momentum', '13th September', 'first 9 months', 'business sector', 'stock exchange', 'aggregate GGR', 'fiscal year', '3 3rd quarter', 'constant scope', '3 rd quarter', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'European leader', 'normal operations', 'reception gauges', 'health pass', '9th June', 'same time', '31 st January', 'slot machines', 'same trend', 'strong increase', 'progressive scale', '9-month totals', 'Covid 2019 level', 'dynamic climate', 'vaccination pass', 'Upcoming event', '31st October', 'golf courses', 'leading position', 'Fidelity programme', 'traditional games', 'electronic games', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Ostend casino', 'dynamic activity', 'health constraints', '29 th July', '1st July', '8th July', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Reuters PARP', 'Return', 'Q3', 'May', 'casinos', 'record', 'geographies', 'curfew', 'France', 'Belgium', 'exception', 'Switzerland', 'sale', 'stake', 'cessation', 'bets', 'management', 'entry', 'Middelkerke', 'opening', 'works', 'N-1', 'basis', 'ramping', 'Story', 'levies', 'NGR', 'period', 'hotels', 'restaurants', 'spas', '3,900 people', 'tomorrow', 'future', 'profitability', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', '€M', 'Variation', 'Nov.', 'Jan.', 'Feb.', 'Apr.', 'Jul.', 'Construction', '06:00', '28.']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/volta-finance-limited-net-asset-161500315.html,Volta Finance Limited: Net Asset Value as at 31 August 2022,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – August 2022 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES...,"Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – August 2022 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  13 September 2022AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for August. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYFor the second consecutive month  August saw a recovery from the losses faced in Q2 2022 with the Ukrainian crisis. The fund gained +3.0%  mainly driven by CLO equity holdings.Through asset classes  the monthly performances** were: +1.5% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +4.6% for CLO equity tranches; +3.3% for CLO debt; -0.9% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (together representing 2.3% of NAV).In the footsteps of most markets the loan markets rallied again in August and therefore CLOs followed.In August  CLO trustee reports are showing again that CLO managers are  on average  able to build some par  reinvesting the few prepayments in loans at discounts. – true for CLOs in RP. When considering risk measures  August was relatively stable but when considering broader credit markets we started seeing more upgrades than downgrades. Some deterioration may come regarding CLO risk metrics in the coming months (higher CCC bucket for example) but we still expect such deterioration to be smooth.Very near the end of August we saw a few defaults materializing in the US loan market so that last-12-month default rate went from 0.3% at the end of July to 0.6% at the end of August. Knowing that the average annual historical default rate is in the area of 2.8%  we are still  for the time being  in a low default rate environment. At the end of August  the same measure was at 0.7% for European loans.Our view is still that we may see more defaults materializing next year and we expect a default rates for 2023 to reach something in the area of 2% for the US  3% for Europe. With this kind of default expectation the projected yield for Volta’s CLO book is slightly above 24% (based on the NAV; from the current share price we have a projected yield above 30%).Story continuesThe kind of deterioration we expect should not cause any meaningful diversion of cash flows: we expect Volta to receive full coupons from all its positions for the second half of 2022 and for 2023.In August  Volta received the equivalent of €1.5m in terms of interest and coupons. For the 6 months ended July 2022  Volta received €24.8m interest and coupons representing a 21.1% annualized cash flow to NAV.During the month  Volta invested in a new CLO Equity in USD and participated in the warehouse attached to this position for a total of €2.7m equivalent. The projected IRR for this CLO Equity  incorporating the associated gain from the warehouse  is in the area of 17% IRR.For the coming weeks  Volta will participate in one European CLO warehouse with the intention to roll into the CLO equity at issuance. Our investment thesis is to be able to buy European loans at a discount in Q4 2022 at a point in time when we expect to see some pressure on European Loans: we may see some warehouse liquidations at this point (some of the warehouses opened in Q4 2021  that have been unable to transform into a CLO in due time) while the loan market will have to face a poor Q3 earning season.As at the end of August 2022  Volta’s NAV was €233.9m or €6.39 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 6.8% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 6.4% as at 30 July 2022 and 0.4% as at 30 June 2022..** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.08,0.22,0.7,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 August', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'average annual historical default rate', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'poor Q3 earning season', 'low default rate environment', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'one European CLO warehouse', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'last-12-month default rate', 'residual currency effects', '21.1% annualized cash flow', 'CLO trustee reports', 'broader credit markets', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'CLO equity holdings', 'CLO equity tranches', 'new CLO Equity', 'CLO risk metrics', 'Serge Demay serge', 'higher CCC bucket', 'second consecutive month', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'current share price', 'US loan market', 'August 2022 monthly report', 'CLO managers', 'default rates', 'default expectation', 'loan markets', 'cash flows', 'investment thesis', 'CLO debt', 'risk measures', 'CLO book', 'second half', 'Corporate Broker', 'AXA IM', 'full report', 'most markets', 'European loans', 'UNITED STATES', 'Ukrainian crisis', 'asset classes', 'same measure', 'meaningful diversion', 'associated gain', 'coming weeks', 'warehouse liquidations', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amste', 'monthly performances', 'time being', 'due time', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'coming months', '€24.8m interest', 'month-end date', 'period ends', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'full coupons', 'NAV information', '6 months', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '13 September', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'recovery', 'losses', 'Q2', 'fund', 'ABS', 'footsteps', 'CLOs', 'prepayments', 'discounts', 'upgrades', 'downgrades', 'deterioration', 'example', 'defaults', 'July', 'area', 'view', 'something', 'kind', 'yield', 'Story', 'positions', 'equivalent', 'terms', 'USD', 'total', 'IRR', 'intention', 'issuance', 'Q4', 'point', 'pressure', 'warehouses', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', 'shareholders', '30 June', 'Dietz-performance', 'assets', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', '44']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2515348/0/en/INFORMATION-RELATING-TO-THE-TOTAL-NUMBER-OF-VOTING-RIGHTS-AND-SHARES-FORMING-THE-SHARE-CAPITAL.html,INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL,In Bernin  on September 13  2022 INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL (Article L. 233-8 II of...,English FrenchIn Bernin  on September 13  2022INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBEROF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESFORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and article 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French financial markets authority (A.M.F))Corporate name and address of the company: SOITECParc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques38190 Bernin (FRANCE)Statement date Total number of shares forming the share capital Total number of voting rights 08/31/202235 540 607 (1)Number of theoretical (gross) voting rights (2): 46 090 824 Number of exercisable (net) voting rights (3): 44 937 885(1) Including (i) 35 517 593 ordinary shares of €2.00 par value each  listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013227113 and the mnemonic “SOI” and (iii) 23 014 preferred shares 2 of €2.00 par value each  not listed.(2) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or “gross” voting rights) is used as the basis for calculating the crossing of shareholding thresholds. In accordance with article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares) and after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights.(3) The total number of exercisable voting rights (or “net” voting rights) is calculated after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights  and after deduction of the shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares).Soitec  a French joint-stock corporation with a share capital of Euros 71 081 214 - 384 711 909 R.C.S. Grenoble - APE code 2611 Z Headquarters’ address: Parc Technologique des Fontaines – Chemin des Franques – 38190 Bernin (France)Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['TOTAL NUMBER', 'VOTING RIGHTS', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'INFORMATION', 'SHARES', '909 R.C.S. Grenoble', 'French financial markets authority', 'Parc Technologique des Fontaines', 'Chemin des Franques 38190 Bernin', 'A.M.F', 'French joint-stock corporation', 'French Commercial Code', 'gross) voting rights', 'net) voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'gross” voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net” voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Z Headquarters’ address', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'APE code', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'Corporate name', 'Statement date', 'Euronext Paris', 'shareholding thresholds', 'TOTAL NUMBER', '35,517,593 ordinary shares', '23,014 preferred shares', 'treasury shares', 'Article L.', 'September', 'INFORMATION', 'company', 'SOITEC', 'FRANCE', 'basis', 'crossing', 'accordance', 'example', 'account', 'deduction', 'Euros', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2515321/0/en/RAMSAY-SANTE-Information-on-the-non-binding-indicative-proposal-received-by-Ramsay-Health-Care-Limited.html,RAMSAY SANTE : Information on the non-binding indicative proposal received by Ramsay Health Care Limited,Press release  Paris  September 13th 2022  Information on the non-binding indicative proposal received by Ramsay Health Care Limited  Ramsay Health...,English FrenchPress releaseParis  September 13th 2022Information on the non-binding indicative proposal received by Ramsay Health Care LimitedRamsay Health Care Limited  Australian main shareholder of Ramsay Générale de Santé  issued today an announcement on the progress of its discussions with the consortium of financial investors led by KKR in connection with the latter’s conditional  non-binding  indicative proposal to acquire 100% of the share capital of Ramsay Health Care Limited.This announcement  together with previous announcements issued by Ramsay Health Care Limited in this respect  can be consulted in full on Ramsay Health Care Limited website (www.ramsayhealth.com).About Ramsay SantéRamsay Santé is the leader of the private hospitalization and primary care in Europe with 36 000 employees and 8 600 practitioners serving 9 million patients in our 350 facilities in five countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy.Ramsay Santé offers almost all medical and surgical specialties in three business areas: general hospitals (medicine – surgery – obstetric)  follow-up care and rehabilitation clinics  mental health. In all its territories  the group contributes to missions of public service and to the territorial sanitary disposal  as for example in Sweden with more than 100 proximity care units.The quality and security of care is the group’s priority. As such our group is today a reference in terms of modern medicine  especially in outpatient care and enhanced recovery.Every year  the group invests more than €200 million in innovation whether it is in new surgical or imaging technologies  in building or modernizing its facilities… The group also innovates in its organization and digitalization in order to deliver care in a more efficient way to the benefit of the patient.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram : https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter : https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube : https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaygds.frInvestor Relations / Analysts Press RelationsJerome Brice Brigitte CachonTél. +33 6 87 57 71 60 Tél. +33 6 12 29 56 52jerome.brice@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,positive,0.59,0.37,0.04,True,English,"['Ramsay Health Care Limited', 'non-binding indicative proposal', 'RAMSAY SANTE', 'Information', 'Ramsay Générale de Santé', 'Ramsay Health Care Limited website', 'conditional, non-binding, indicative proposal', 'non-binding indicative proposal', 'Jerome Brice Brigitte Cachon', 'Australian main shareholder', 'three business areas', 'territorial sanitary disposal', '100 proximity care units', 'Analysts Press Relations', 'RamsaySante Code ISIN', 'Ramsay Santé', 'mental health', 'primary care', 'follow-up care', 'outpatient care', 'Press release', 'Investor Relations', 'English French', 'financial investors', 'share capital', 'previous announcements', 'private hospitalization', '9 million patients', 'five countries', 'surgical specialties', 'general hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'public service', 'new surgical', 'imaging technologies', 'efficient way', 'Tél', 'modern medicine', 'Euronext Paris', '13th', 'Information', 'progress', 'discussions', 'consortium', 'KKR', 'connection', 'respect', 'ramsayhealth', 'leader', 'Europe', '36 000 employees', '8 600 practitioners', '350 facilities', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'medical', 'surgery', 'obstetric', 'territories', 'group', 'missions', 'example', 'quality', 'security', 'priority', 'reference', 'terms', 'enhanced', 'recovery', 'innovation', 'organization', 'digitalization', 'order', 'benefit', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'ramsaygds', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.afr.com/companies/healthcare-and-fitness/kkr-vetoes-cash-increase-ramsay-shuts-the-door-on-takeover-talks-20220913-p5bhlz,KKR vetoes cash increase  Ramsay shuts the door on takeover talks - The Australian Financial Review,Target and suitor stood at a stalemate for months after the private equity led consortium was unable to get due diligence to the French assets  and was unwilling to lift its cash price.,“As previously announced the Foundation was keen for the transaction to come to shareholders  and it is disappointing that the two parties have not been able to reach an agreement ” he said.“We noted the announcement today from the company and hope that talks continue to see if there is an acceptable transaction to be achieved.”Adara Partners is advising the Foundation  having guided it in September 2019 when it last sold part of its stake on market.Following a brief trading halt on Tuesday morning after Street Talk reported the discussions had fallen over  Ramsay’s shares began to trade and tanked more than 12 per cent to $63.06 – similar to the level they traded at in mid-March before the news emerged that it was the target of the global PE firm.The shares had been trading around $70.21  still well below the first cash offer and the revised cash/scrip offer of $84.93 a share.Just over a week ago  KKR pulled its $88 a share all-cash offer for Ramsay and told the company it wanted to discuss its alternative proposal in more detail.AdvertisementA letter was submitted to the Ramsay board  led by Michael Siddle  on Monday evening about 9pm outlining why the consortium would not bump its cash price under its second proposal.It said it could not improve the terms  but it was still open to discussing whether the board wanted to reconsider its position on valuation  and could move to complete a revised deal quickly. The KKR-led consortium is being advised by Barrenjoey and Credit Suisse.Ramsay  which is being advised by UBS and Goldman Sachs  said on Tuesday: “The correspondence also states that whilst the consortium recognises that further engagement and access to further due diligence may provide some positive visibility  the information provided in the FY22 results implies that there is meaningful downward pressure on the valuation proposed under the alternative proposal.”Ramsay said the board had not considered the latest letter  and there is no certainty that any further proposal will be forthcoming or that any proposal would result in a transaction.“Ramsay remains focused on its business  driving its strategy to be a leading integrated healthcare provider of the future and the creation of long-term value for shareholders ” it said in a statement.Sources said KKR’s decision was due ultimately to the full-year 2022 results and soft outlook. Due diligence was finalised some months ago except on the French assets.AdvertisementThe COVID-19 impacts on activity levels  costs  and profitability was apparent in the second half of fiscal 2022  and disruptions remain into the new year  mostly in the Australia/UK divisions.Wilsons analyst Shane Storey is expecting Ramsay to return to pre-COVID growth as the environment normalises in fiscal 2024  and Ramsay will continue to invest in brownfields and M & A across all three of its markets.One investment banker who is not involved noted that in such a transaction of this scale  the movement in interest rates and cap rates on the sale and lease back of the property portfolio would have had a material impact on the free cash flow  and hence the returns for KKR.Given the bankers involved have worked on this transaction for over a year  it would be difficult to believe a $30 billion deal hinges on one last quarter results of a prior financial year which was known to be heavily disrupted.Uniform decisionBut it is understood the decision from the consortium was uniform  all agreed it was not possible to increase the cash price of the amended offer to get it closer all cash indicative bid of $88 per share.AdvertisementUnder the cash/scrip offer  Ramsay investors would keep shares in the Euronext-listed French assets Ramsay Sante  of which Ramsay owns about 53 per cent. For each Ramsay share  investors with more than 5000 shares would receive $78.20 in cash and 0.22 Ramsay Sante shares.For the past six months  KKR has been unable to conduct due diligence on the French hospitals. This forced the consortium  which includes sovereign wealth and superannuation funds including HESTA  to pursue a new path.The other major shareholder in Sante is Predica  part of Credit Agricole  the second-biggest life insurer in France. KKR  along with co-investor Ardian  bought rival French hospital group Elsan from private equity company CVC Capital Partners in 2020.This was a big sticking point for the independent directors of Ramsay Sante  which operates 132 acute care and mental health facilities in France.The collapse of this KKR deal comes right after Ramsay called time on the possible sale of its joint venture in Asia to IHH Healthcare Berhad  on Friday walking from an indicative proposal that valued the group at $US1.35 billion ($1.83 billion).,neutral,0.03,0.57,0.41,mixed,0.07,0.14,0.79,True,English,"['The Australian Financial Review', 'cash increase', 'takeover talks', 'KKR', 'Ramsay', 'door', 'rival French hospital group Elsan', 'Wilsons analyst Shane Storey', 'leading integrated healthcare provider', 'one last quarter results', 'One investment banker', 'IHH Healthcare Berhad', 'brief trading halt', 'global PE firm', 'meaningful downward pressure', 'The COVID-19 impacts', 'past six months', 'other major shareholder', 'biggest life insurer', 'big sticking point', 'mental health facilities', 'Euronext-listed French assets', 'CVC Capital Partners', '$30 billion deal hinges', 'free cash flow', 'prior financial year', 'cash indicative bid', 'private equity company', 'The KKR-led consortium', 'first cash offer', 'French hospitals', '0.22 Ramsay Sante shares', 'FY22 results', 'full-year 2022 results', 'Adara Partners', 'revised deal', 'cash price', 'indicative proposal', 'two parties', 'Street Talk', '12 per cent', 'cash/scrip offer', 'Michael Siddle', 'Monday evening', 'Credit Suisse', 'Goldman Sachs', 'due diligence', 'positive visibility', 'long-term value', 'soft outlook', 'activity levels', 'second half', 'new year', 'Australia/UK divisions', 'pre-COVID growth', 'interest rates', 'cap rates', 'property portfolio', 'material impact', '53 per cent', 'sovereign wealth', 'superannuation funds', 'new path', 'Credit Agricole', 'investor Ardian', 'independent directors', '132 acute care', 'joint venture', 'alternative proposal', 'second proposal', 'Tuesday morning', 'latest letter', 'KKR deal', 'possible sale', 'Uniform decision', 'acceptable transaction', 'Ramsay investors', 'Ramsay share', 'Ramsay board', '5000 shares', 'Foundation', 'shareholders', 'agreement', 'announcement', 'talks', 'September', 'stake', 'market', 'discussions', 'mid-March', 'news', 'target', 'detail', 'Advertisement', '9pm', 'terms', 'position', 'valuation', 'Barrenjoey', 'UBS', 'correspondence', 'engagement', 'access', 'information', 'certainty', 'business', 'strategy', 'future', 'creation', 'statement', 'Sources', 'costs', 'profitability', 'fiscal 2022', 'disruptions', 'environment', 'brownfields', 'scale', 'movement', 'lease', 'returns', 'bankers', 'HESTA', 'Predica', 'France', 'collapse', 'time', 'Asia', 'Friday', '$88']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,afr.com
9900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4112386.html,WA hotel performance road to recovery; Accor calls for investment in events to fast-track tourism revival,Western Australia’s largest hotel group  Accor  is experiencing sustained recovery in its Western Australia hotel  apartments and resorts network. Continued strength in leisure travel  the revival of business travel and an increase in international ...,"Western Australia’s largest hotel group  Accor  is experiencing sustained recovery in its Western Australia hotel  apartments and resorts network.Continued strength in leisure travel  the revival of business travel and an increase in international flights have prompted the resurgence of tourism  with positive forecasts for the remainder of the year.Accor operates 25 hotels and resorts across the state  employing more than 900 people.While the city hotels experienced a downturn during the two years of pandemic and border closures  the Group’s regional hotels in Western Australia bucked the trend  with their popularity continuing to rise.Accor’s Perth hotels had recovered to 66% occupancy by the end of June 2022  just five percentage points behind the corresponding month in 2019  while average rate exceeded the pre-pandemic level. It is forecast that Perth hotels could return to pre-pandemic levels by March 2023.Regional Western Australia attracted even higher average rates and an occupancy level of 65% in June 2022. The standout hotel was Pullman Bunker Bay Resort in the Margaret River region  which performed over 29% higher in June 2022 compared to June 2019.The continued strength of Accor hotels in regional resort destinations was complemented by sustained strength in mining areas  and forecasts remained positive for the 2022-23 year.“Our regional network was relatively well insulated during the pandemic because closed borders created high levels of intrastate demand  and now it is time for our city hotels to rebuild their market base ” said Sarah Derry  CEO of Accor Pacific.“The tourism industry will require government support for tourism generation and the establishment of new markets such as India  as it is unlikely that overseas markets like China are going to recover in the short-term. It is encouraging to see that Western Australia is outperforming other states in terms of rebuilding international demand  but the forecasts indicate that arrivals will still only be 59% (SOURCE: Tourism Australia) of pre-pandemic levels by the end of the year.""“We are encouraged by the initiatives of Federal and State governments to address skilled worker shortages by cutting red tape and making it easier for international workers to enter Australia and work for extended periods. AHA WA has estimated that the state has a shortage of some 15 000 positions in the hospitality sector and that has been impacted by the slow recovery of the foreign student sector.""“Addressing the skills and employment shortage in the tourism and hospitality sector has to be a key priority for government at all levels. We welcome the WA Government’s announcement of a $3.9 million campaign to train more local hospitality workers because while an immediate increase in skilled migration is required in the short term  a ‘grow your own’ strategy is to address the shortage in the longer term.""“Regional WA will continue to flourish  but as we reopen rooms in Perth  it will be important for the State Government to actively drive growth for its CBD businesses through attracting more major events and conferences to the city. Cities around Australia and the world are seeking major events because of their revenue generating potential and Perth will need to ensure it has a high visibility amongst potential events and conference organisers.""“We are fortunate that Perth and Western Australia offers such outstanding tourism and economic potential. It is a state of opportunity in every way  but with competition in the sector at its most fierce we are going to require a comprehensive and collaborative response if we are to rebuild the sector fully to pre-pandemic levels.”“We believe tourism in Western Australia has a strong future.”Since 2019  Accor has opened four new hotels (1 060 rooms) in Western Australia  including Mercure Perth on Hay (2022)  Novotel Perth Murray Street (2019)  The Adnate Perth – Art Series (2019) and ibis Styles East Perth (2019)  creating hundreds of new career opportunities in the state.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticket: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Claire HaighAccor Director of Communications  PacificAccor",neutral,0.29,0.65,0.07,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['WA hotel performance road', 'tourism revival', 'recovery', 'Accor', 'investment', 'events', 'Pullman Bunker Bay Resort', 'Novotel Perth Murray Street', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Western Australia hotel, apartments', 'Margaret River region', 'regional resort destinations', 'new career opportunities', 'higher average rates', 'skilled worker shortages', 'largest hotel group', 'revenue generating potential', 'economy hotel brands', 'local hospitality workers', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'The Adnate Perth', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'foreign student sector', 'creative hospitality company', 'four new hotels', 'Regional Western Australia', 'standout hotel', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'new markets', 'hospitality sector', 'international workers', 'skilled migration', 'regional hotels', 'regional network', 'Regional WA', 'potential events', 'economic potential', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'sustained recovery', 'leisure travel', 'business travel', 'international flights', 'two years', 'border closures', 'Perth hotels', 'corresponding month', 'mining areas', 'closed borders', 'intrastate demand', 'market base', 'Sarah Derry', 'overseas markets', 'other states', 'international demand', 'red tape', 'extended periods', 'AHA WA', 'slow recovery', 'key priority', '$3.9 million campaign', 'short term', 'longer term', 'CBD businesses', 'major events', 'high visibility', 'conference organisers', 'collaborative response', 'strong future', 'Mercure Perth', 'Art Series', 'ibis Styles', 'East Perth', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'concierge services', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'high levels', 'government support', 'WA Government', 'city hotels', 'pandemic level', 'continued strength', 'sustained strength', 'Tourism Australia', 'tourism generation', 'outstanding tourism', 'resorts network', 'occupancy level', 'immediate increase', 'accommodation properties', '230,000 team members', 'positive forecasts', '2022-23 year', 'State governments', 'employment shortage', 'Accor hotels', 'Accor Pacific', 'Accor Live', 'tourism industry', '25 hotels', '66% occupancy', '5,300 properties', 'revival', 'resurgence', 'remainder', '900 people', 'downturn', 'trend', 'popularity', 'June', 'March', 'time', 'CEO', 'establishment', 'India', 'China', 'short-term', 'terms', 'arrivals', 'SOURCE', 'initiatives', 'Federal', '15,000 positions', 'skills', 'announcement', 'strategy', 'rooms', 'growth', 'conferences', 'Cities', 'opportunity', 'way', 'competition', 'fierce', 'Hay', 'hundreds', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'heart']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,hospitalitynet.org
9901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2022/09/13/tullow-oil-the-long-but-inevitable-goodbye/,Tullow Oil: the long  but inevitable  goodbye,Tullow is the latest firm to delist from the Irish stock exchange  now known as Euronext Dublin,The exit of Tullow’s founder Aidan Heavey four years ago and closure of the Dublin office in 2020 followed a steady decline in trading in the stock here ever since Tullow moved its main stock market listing and domicile to London two decades ago. Photograph: Cyril ByrneThe ongoing exodus of companies from the Irish stock market is continuing  with Tullow Oil signalling on Monday that more than three decades of trading of its stock in Dublin will come to an end in the middle of next month.Yet while the other main exits in the past two years – including recruitment firm CPL Resources  Applegreen  Yew Grove Reit and  most recently  Hibernia Reit – have been down to companies being acquired  Tullow’s departure comes just as the business is becoming more investible for stock market investors  after years of uncertainty over its future.Capricorn EnergyHaving spent the past few years going through major restructuring  Tullow Oil is on the cusp of merging with fellow London-listed Capricorn Energy. The main attraction for Tullow is Capricorn’s cash pile of more than $700 million (€691 million)  which would accelerate its own debt reduction  after seeing its net borrowings fall to $2.1 billion from $3 billion just over two years ago.Meanwhile  although global oil prices have been trending lower over the past three months amid concerns about the global economy  Brent crude oil  trading at about $93.50 a barrel  remains almost 20 per cent up so far this year.READ MORETullow’s departure from Euronext Dublin  however  has been a long time coming. The exit of Tullow’s founder Aidan Heavey four years ago and closure of the Dublin office in 2020 have followed a steady decline in trading in the stock here ever since Tullow moved its main stock market listing and domicile to London two decades ago.Now the only Irish thing that’s essentially left of the Africa-focused explorer is its name  taken from the Co Carlow town where it was founded in 1985.But even that’s on track to be ditched as soon as the Capricorn deal is cemented.,negative,0.35,0.18,0.47,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['Tullow Oil', 'inevitable, goodbye', 'fellow London-listed Capricorn Energy', 'main stock market listing', 'other main exits', 'Co Carlow town', 'stock market investors', 'Yew Grove Reit', 'Brent crude oil', 'Irish stock market', 'global oil prices', 'past three months', 'past two years', 'founder Aidan Heavey', 'main attraction', 'three decades', 'Hibernia Reit', 'global economy', 'Irish thing', 'Capricorn deal', 'steady decline', 'Cyril Byrne', 'ongoing exodus', 'next month', 'recruitment firm', 'CPL Resources', 'major restructuring', 'cash pile', 'debt reduction', 'net borrowings', 'long time', 'Africa-focused explorer', 'Dublin office', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Tullow Oil', 'closure', 'trading', 'domicile', 'Photograph', 'companies', 'Monday', 'end', 'middle', 'Applegreen', 'departure', 'business', 'uncertainty', 'future', 'cusp', 'concerns', 'READ', 'name', 'track']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,irishtimes.com
9903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2514582/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Sep 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3688 £ 24.8347 Estimated MTD return -0.53 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.85 % -1.86 % Estimated ITD return 183.69 % 148.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.34 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.47 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.0638 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.3666The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2514579/0/en/Pixium-Vision-announces-implantation-of-first-patient-in-Italy-in-Prima-System-European-pivotal-trial-PRIMAvera.html,Pixium Vision announces implantation of first patient in Italy in Prima System European pivotal trial PRIMAvera,Pixium Vision announces implantation of first patient in Italy in Prima System European pivotal trial PRIMAvera  First patient treated at PRIMAvera......,"English FrenchPixium Vision announces implantation of first patient in Italy in Prima System European pivotal trial PRIMAveraFirst patient treated at PRIMAvera clinical site in Rome  ItalyFollows successful implantations at clinical sites in France  Germany  the UK and the NetherlandsPRIMAvera on track to read-out around the end of 2023Paris  France  September 13  2022 – 07:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today the successful first implantation of a patient in Italy in the PRIMAvera pivotal trial in atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD).This follows the approval of the PRIMAvera study by the Italian Ministry of Health and the opening of the first clinical site in Italy at the Complesso Ospedaliero San Giovanni Addolorata. The PRIMAvera study aims to confirm the safety and the benefits provided by the Prima System and is the last clinical step before seeking market approval in Europe. The study was initiated in Q4 2020 in France. Pixium Vision has since established additional clinical sites and implanted patients in Germany  the UK and the Netherlands.""We are very pleased to have successfully implanted the first patient in Italy with the Prima System as part of the expanding PRIMAvera pivotal study "" said Prof. Andrea Cusumano  co-investigator of the PRIMAvera study for Italy. ""We have been following the development of the Prima System since its inception and we have seen the significant promise it shows for those suffering from dry AMD  a disease for which we struggle to provide acceptable solution and hope to patients and their families. PRIMA's small size and wireless design means the implantation is a straightforward procedure which can be completed with minimal surgery. We will move ahead now with further implantations and we look forward to adding our efforts to the clinical assessment of this innovative technology.""The PRIMAvera study design is based on the positive data generated in a French feasibility study  showing the ability of patients with dry AMD to improve visual acuity with the Prima System.A total of 38 patients will be implanted in the PRIMAvera study  an open-label  baseline-controlled  non-randomized  multi-center  prospective  single-arm pivotal trial. The primary efficacy endpoint is the proportion of subjects with an improvement of visual acuity of logMAR 0.2 or more from baseline to 12 months  and the primary safety endpoint is the number and severity of device and procedure-related serious adverse events at 12 months follow-up. The study will include three years of follow-up  with an assessment of the primary endpoints at 12 months after implantation.The implantation of patients has been performed at five sites in France  four in Germany as well as the Moorfields Eye Hospital in the UK  the Rotterdam Eye Hospital in the Netherlands and Complesso Ospedaliero San Giovanni Addolorata in Italy. Pixium Vision anticipates recruitment will be completed by the end of 2022 leading to a read-out of the PRIMAvera study around the end of 2023.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContacts",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.31,0.45,True,English,"['Prima System European pivotal trial', 'Pixium Vision', 'first patient', 'implantation', 'Italy', 'PRIMAvera', 'open-label, baseline-controlled, non-randomized, multi-center, prospective, single-arm pivotal trial', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Complesso Ospedaliero San Giovanni Addolorata', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Prima System European pivotal trial', 'procedure-related serious adverse events', 'expanding PRIMAvera pivotal study', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'PRIMAvera pivotal trial', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'The PRIMAvera study design', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Prof. Andrea Cusumano', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Rotterdam Eye Hospital', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'last clinical step', '2021 Half-Year Financial Report', 'PRIMAvera clinical site', 'first clinical site', 'additional clinical sites', 'French feasibility study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'primary safety endpoint', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'wireless design', 'amf- france.org', 'forward looking statements', 'successful first implantation', 'dry AMD', 'innovative technology', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'primary endpoints', 'clinical testing', 'English French', 'financial condition', 'la Vision', 'five sites', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'first patient', 'clinical assessment', 'successful implantations', 'independent lives', 'Italian Ministry', 'significant promise', 'acceptable solution', 'small size', 'straightforward procedure', 'minimal surgery', 'positive data', 'visual acuity', 'three years', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'other documents', 'market approval', 'numerous risks', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'Italy', 'Rome', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Netherlands', 'track', 'September', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'Health', 'opening', 'benefits', 'Q4', 'investigator', 'development', 'inception', 'disease', 'hope', 'families', 'efforts', 'ability', 'total', 'proportion', 'subjects', 'improvement', 'logMAR', '12 months', 'number', 'severity', 'device', 'follow-up', 'recruitment', 'read', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'information', 'pixium-vision', '2023']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2514581/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Sep 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3688 £ 24.8347 Estimated MTD return -0.53 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.85 % -1.86 % Estimated ITD return 183.69 % 148.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.34 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.47 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.0638 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.3666The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-sixsq-and-kadiska-deliver-network-performance-monitoring-from-enterprise-edge-to-cloud-web-and-saas-applications-301623645.html,Ekinops' SixSq and Kadiska deliver network performance monitoring from enterprise edge to cloud  web and SaaS applications,PARIS  Sept. 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading network access and virtualization specialist  today announced that SixSq  that provides the Nuvla edge-to-cloud management platform  and Kadiska  the SaaS platform …,"PARIS  Sept. 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading network access and virtualization specialist  today announced that SixSq  that provides the Nuvla edge-to-cloud management platform  and Kadiska  the SaaS platform for digital experience monitoring  signed a partnership that allows enterprises to instantly gain performance visibility into networks connecting their sites  clouds and business-critical web and SaaS applications.By integrating Kadiska's Net-Tracer app into the SixSq Nuvla marketplace  organizations can now immediately deploy in-depth network path and performance monitoring across their entire infrastructure.The Net-Tracer app is a containerized agent that Nuvla can deploy on edge nodes  clouds  white boxes and SD-WAN devices  including any uCPE powered by Ekinops' popular OneOS6 middleware. Once deployed  Net-Tracer continuously maps and monitors all network routes and reports performance degradations  their origin and impact. Users connect to the Kadiska platform to access analytics that correlate network  infrastructure and application performance with users' digital experience.""Our customers need network performance monitoring  and being able to deploy such capability via an app on the Nuvla marketplace will be be natural for them. This allows users to quickly identify when and how the network impacts application performance. The combination of Kadiska's Net-Tracer app and our zero-touch  container-based orchestration capabilities allow us to offer a convenient solution to solve this critical challenge facing IT operations and network teams "" explained Marc-Elian Bégin  CEO and co-founder at SixSq.""We designed Net-Tracer to fill this specific visibility gap "" added Gilles Huguenin  CEO at Kadiska. ""Its cloud-native implementation makes it simple to deploy across managed clouds and devices. SixSq's vendor agnostic orchestration capabilities and popular marketplace was a natural fit for our solution. We look forward to helping enterprises gain complete control over their modern nextworks  deliver an amazing digital experience  and fully profit from their digital platform.""Kadiska's Net-Tracer Application is now available on the Nuvla Marketplace here .All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEO[email protected]InvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]PressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74[email protected]SOURCE Ekinops France SA",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.16,0.26,True,English,"['network performance monitoring', ""Ekinops' SixSq"", 'enterprise edge', 'SaaS applications', 'Kadiska', 'cloud', 'web', 'zero-touch, container-based orchestration capabilities', 'vendor agnostic orchestration capabilities', 'SOURCE Ekinops France SA', 'Marc-Elian Bégin', 'Didier Brédy', 'popular OneOS6 middleware', 'cloud management platform', 'amazing digital experience', 'leading network access', 'depth network path', 'specific visibility gap', 'digital experience monitoring', 'The Net-Tracer app', 'network performance monitoring', 'SixSq Nuvla marketplace', 'popular marketplace', 'digital platform', 'SaaS platform', 'network routes', 'network teams', 'virtualization specialist', 'business-critical web', 'SaaS applications', 'containerized agent', 'edge nodes', 'white boxes', 'performance degradations', 'application performance', 'critical challenge', 'IT operations', 'Gilles Huguenin', 'cloud-native implementation', 'natural fit', 'complete control', 'modern nextworks', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'Net-Tracer Application', 'Euronext Paris', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'entire infrastructure', 'SD-WAN devices', 'convenient solution', 'Kadiska platform', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'enterprises', 'networks', 'sites', 'clouds', 'organizations', 'uCPE', 'origin', 'impact', 'Users', 'analytics', 'customers', 'capability', 'combination', 'CEO', 'founder', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'Investors', 'Tel.', '33', '1 53']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,prnewswire.com
9907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2515371/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-August-2022.html,Volta Finance Limited: Net Asset Value as at 31 August 2022,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – August 2022 monthly report        NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE......,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – August 2022 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  13 September 2022AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for August. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYFor the second consecutive month  August saw a recovery from the losses faced in Q2 2022 with the Ukrainian crisis. The fund gained +3.0%  mainly driven by CLO equity holdings.Through asset classes  the monthly performances** were: +1.5% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +4.6% for CLO equity tranches; +3.3% for CLO debt; -0.9% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (together representing 2.3% of NAV).In the footsteps of most markets the loan markets rallied again in August and therefore CLOs followed.In August  CLO trustee reports are showing again that CLO managers are  on average  able to build some par  reinvesting the few prepayments in loans at discounts. – true for CLOs in RP. When considering risk measures  August was relatively stable but when considering broader credit markets we started seeing more upgrades than downgrades. Some deterioration may come regarding CLO risk metrics in the coming months (higher CCC bucket for example) but we still expect such deterioration to be smooth.Very near the end of August we saw a few defaults materializing in the US loan market so that last-12-month default rate went from 0.3% at the end of July to 0.6% at the end of August. Knowing that the average annual historical default rate is in the area of 2.8%  we are still  for the time being  in a low default rate environment. At the end of August  the same measure was at 0.7% for European loans.Our view is still that we may see more defaults materializing next year and we expect a default rates for 2023 to reach something in the area of 2% for the US  3% for Europe. With this kind of default expectation the projected yield for Volta’s CLO book is slightly above 24% (based on the NAV; from the current share price we have a projected yield above 30%).The kind of deterioration we expect should not cause any meaningful diversion of cash flows: we expect Volta to receive full coupons from all its positions for the second half of 2022 and for 2023.In August  Volta received the equivalent of €1.5m in terms of interest and coupons. For the 6 months ended July 2022  Volta received €24.8m interest and coupons representing a 21.1% annualized cash flow to NAV.During the month  Volta invested in a new CLO Equity in USD and participated in the warehouse attached to this position for a total of €2.7m equivalent. The projected IRR for this CLO Equity  incorporating the associated gain from the warehouse  is in the area of 17% IRR.For the coming weeks  Volta will participate in one European CLO warehouse with the intention to roll into the CLO equity at issuance. Our investment thesis is to be able to buy European loans at a discount in Q4 2022 at a point in time when we expect to see some pressure on European Loans: we may see some warehouse liquidations at this point (some of the warehouses opened in Q4 2021  that have been unable to transform into a CLO in due time) while the loan market will have to face a poor Q3 earning season.As at the end of August 2022  Volta’s NAV was €233.9m or €6.39 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 6.8% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 6.4% as at 30 July 2022 and 0.4% as at 30 June 2022..** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.03,0.2,0.77,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 August', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A', 'average annual historical default rate', 'VOLTA FINANCE LIMITED Volta Finance Limited', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'poor Q3 earning season', 'low default rate environment', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'one European CLO warehouse', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'last-12-month default rate', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', '21.1% annualized cash flow', 'CLO trustee reports', 'broader credit markets', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'CLO equity holdings', 'CLO equity tranches', 'new CLO Equity', 'CLO risk metrics', 'Serge Demay serge', 'higher CCC bucket', 'second consecutive month', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'date NAV information', 'current share price', 'US loan market', 'August 2022 monthly report', 'CLO managers', 'default rates', 'default expectation', 'loan markets', 'cash flows', 'investment thesis', 'CLO debt', 'risk measures', 'CLO book', 'second half', 'month-end date', 'Corporate Broker', 'AXA IM', 'full report', 'monthly performances', 'most markets', 'European loans', 'UNITED STATES', 'Ukrainian crisis', 'asset classes', 'same measure', 'meaningful diversion', 'associated gain', 'coming weeks', 'warehouse liquidations', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'coming months', '€24.8m interest', 'period ends', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'full coupons', 'due time', '6 months', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '13 September', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'recovery', 'losses', 'Q2', 'fund', 'ABS', 'footsteps', 'CLOs', 'prepayments', 'discounts', 'upgrades', 'downgrades', 'deterioration', 'example', 'defaults', 'July', 'area', 'view', 'something', 'kind', 'yield', 'positions', 'equivalent', 'terms', 'USD', 'total', 'IRR', 'intention', 'issuance', 'Q4', 'point', 'pressure', 'warehouses', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'basis', 'shareholders', '30 June', 'Dietz-performance', 'assets', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'Mai', '44']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2515347/0/en/GROUPE-PARTOUCHE-Return-to-pre-crisis-income-level-at-constant-scope-3rd-quarter-turnover-solid-momentum-at-constant-scope-12-7-vs-Q3-2021.html,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Return to pre-crisis income level at constant scope - 3rd quarter turnover: solid momentum at constant scope (+12.7% vs Q3 2021),Return to pre-crisis income level at constant scope3rd quarter turnover: solid momentum at constant scope (+12.7% vs Q3 2021)  Paris  13th September...,"French EnglishReturn to pre-crisis income level at constant scope3rd quarter turnover: solid momentum at constant scope (+12.7% vs Q3 2021)Paris  13th September 2022  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 3rd quarter 2022 (May – July 2022).Solid business activity at constant scope  during the 3rd quarterThe 3rd quarter of the current financial year (May to July 2022) marks the return to normal operations: all the Group's casinos are now open and all health constraints have been lifted. For the record  during the 3rd quarter of the previous financial year  activity was still largely impacted in all geographies (reception gauges  curfew then health pass in France  closure in Belgium until 9th June  etc.) with the exception of Switzerland.At the same time  turnover for the 3rd quarter 2022 is impacted by significant scope effects representing - € 28.1 M in aggregate GGR compared to Q3 2021 (and - € 14.2 M versus 2019). They concern:the sale of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino on 31 st January 2022 (GGR of € 2.2 M in the 3 rd quarter 2021 and € 3.0 M in the 3 rd quarter 2019);January 2022 (GGR of € 2.2 M in the 3 quarter 2021 and € 3.0 M in the 3 quarter 2019); the cessation of the operation of online games and bets in Belgium and of the management of the Ostend casino since 29 th July 2021 (GGR of € 26.1 M in the 3 rd quarter 2021 and € 11.2 M in 3 rd quarter 2019);July 2021 (GGR of € 26.1 M in the 3 quarter 2021 and € 11.2 M in 3 quarter 2019); the entry into the Group of the casino of Middelkerke (Belgium) from 1st July 2022  with an opening on 8th July 2022 after some works (GGR of € 0.2 M in the 3rd quarter 2022).Despite these scope effects  Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) increases by +10.8% to € 167.9 M in the 3rd quarter  compared to € 151.5 M a year earlier. At constant scope  it increases by +36.1% compared to the 3rd quarter 2021 to € 167.6 M and by +11.9% compared to the 3rd quarter 2019.In France  GGR amounts to € 152.9 M  up +36.2% compared to N-1  with slot machines and traditional games growing by +29.8% and +67.3% respectively. The GGR of electronic games follows the same trend at +36.1%.Abroad  on a like-for-like basis  GGR rebounds by +35.2% compared to N-1  driven by the ramping up of Swiss online games  whose GGR came to € 2.9 M compared to € 1.6 M € in the 3rd quarter 2021.After levies with a very strong increase of +75.3% compared to the 3rd quarter 2021 mainly due to the progressive scale in France (where the lower tax brackets applied)  the Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) is down at € 75.0 M (-23.8%).Turnover excluding games totals € 26.9 M over the period  compared to € 16.3 M for the previous year  up by +64.7%.Globally  3rd quarter turnover stands at € 100.9 M (-11.6% compared to 2021 and -3.8% compared to 2019). At constant scope  it increases by + 12.7 % versus 2021 and by +9.3% versus 2019.Return to 2019 level of activity over 9 months at constant scope and dynamic activityAt the end of July  aggregate income of the 9-month totals € 288.1 M (+78.6% compared to 2021)  with Net Gaming Revenue at € 228.4 M (+60.0%). Overall  at a constant scope  aggregate revenue for the first 9 months of 2022 financial year returns to its pre-Covid 2019 level (-0.4%). The Group's activity continues to develop in a dynamic climate since the end of the constraints linked to the vaccination pass.Upcoming event:4th quarter 2022 turnover: Tuesday 13th December 2022  after stock market closureIncome for fiscal year at 31st October 2022: Tuesday 24th April 2023  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment. ISIN: FR0012612646 - Reuters PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FP - Reuters: PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPANNEX1- Aggregate 9 months consolidated turnover  per quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 1st quarter (Nov. to Jan.) 98.1 23.5 +317.0% 116.6 2nd quarter (Feb. to Apr.) 89.1 23.6 +276.8% 105.3 3rd quarter (May to Jul.) 100.9 114.2 -11.6% 104.9 Total consolidated turnover 288.1 161.4 +78.6% 326.82- Construction of the consolidated turnover2.1 – 3rd quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 167.9 151.5 +10.8% 164.6 Levies -92.8 -53.0 +75.3% -87.1 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 75.0 98.5 -23.8% 77.5 Turnover excluding NGR 26.9 16.3 +64.7% 28.3 Fidelity programme -1.0 -0.6 - -0.8 Total consolidated turnover 100.9 114.2 -11.6% 104.92.2 – Aggregate 9 monthsIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 457.8 201.5 +127.2% 494.0 Levies -229.5 -58.7 +290.8% -237.2 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 228.4 142.8 +60.0% 256.8 Turnover excluding NGR 62.1 19.2 +223.5% 72.5 Fidelity programme -2.4 -0.6 - -2.5 Total consolidated turnover 288.1 161.4 +78.6% 326.83- Breakdown of turnover by activity3.1 – 3rd quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Casinos 87.8 96.5 -9.0% 93.0 Hotels 8.3 2.6 223.3% 3.0 Other 4.9 15.2 -67.8% 8.9 Total consolidated turnover 100.9 114.2 -11.6% 104.93.2 – Aggregate 9 monthsIn M€ 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Casinos 261.3 120.9 116.0% 298.5 Hotels 17.2 3.1 461.6% 5.8 Other 9.6 37.3 -74.3% 22.5 Total consolidated turnover 288.1 161.4 78.6% 326.84- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",neutral,0.13,0.78,0.09,mixed,0.27,0.33,0.4,True,English,"['pre-crisis income level', '3rd quarter turnover', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'constant scope', 'solid momentum', 'Return', 'Q3', 'Aggregate 9 months consolidated turnover', 'lower tax brackets', 'Tuesday 24th April', 'Tuesday 13th December', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'Total consolidated turnover', 'current financial year', 'significant scope effects', 'previous financial year', 'stock market closure', 'Swiss online games', '4th quarter 2022 turnover', 'pre-crisis income level', 'Solid business activity', '3rd quarter turnover', '2022 financial year', 'previous year', 'aggregate income', 'market leaders', 'gaming club', 'solid momentum', '13th September', 'business sector', 'stock exchange', 'fiscal year', 'constant scope', '3 3rd quarter', 'French English', 'Groupe Partouche', 'European leader', 'normal operations', 'reception gauges', 'health pass', '9th June', 'same time', 'slot machines', 'same trend', 'ramping up', 'strong increase', 'progressive scale', '9-month totals', 'first 9 months', 'Covid 2019 level', 'dynamic climate', 'vaccination pass', 'Upcoming event', '31st October', 'golf courses', 'leading position', 'Fidelity programme', '3 rd quarter', '1st quarter', '6 2nd quarter', 'traditional games', 'electronic games', 'aggregate GGR', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Ostend casino', 'dynamic activity', 'health constraints', '31 st January', 'Euronext Paris', '29 th July', '1st July', '8th July', 'The Group', 'Reuters PARP', '3 quarter', 'Return', 'Q3', 'May', 'casinos', 'record', 'geographies', 'curfew', 'France', 'Belgium', 'exception', 'Switzerland', 'sale', 'stake', 'cessation', 'bets', 'management', 'entry', 'Middelkerke', 'opening', 'works', 'basis', 'N-1', 'levies', 'NGR', 'period', 'hotels', 'restaurants', 'spas', '3,900 people', 'tomorrow', 'future', 'profitability', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', '€M', 'Variation', 'Nov.', 'Jan.', 'Feb.', 'Apr.', 'Jul.', 'Construction', '06:00', '28.']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2022/09/13/central-bank-warning-leeway-for-moving-bank-accounts-tallaght-stadium-naming-rights/,Central Bank warning; leeway for moving bank accounts; Tallaght Stadium naming rights,Business Today: the best news  analysis and comment from The Irish Times business desk,Good Morning The Central Bank has warned the Government any cost of living supports in the upcoming Budget should be temporary  Eoin Burke-Kennedy reports  in order to avoid adding more fuel to the inflation fire for the longer term.Companies which accepted Government support payments during the pandemic and then proceeded to pay dividends to shareholders caused outrage in recent months. Now  Mark Paul reports that more than one in six firms which did so have repaid some or all of the cash subsidies to taxpayers.One of the big fears for people moving their bank accounts from KBC and Ulster Bank as those lenders leave Ireland has been that loan repayments missed during the transfer may hurt their credit history. Joe Brennan though reveals that the Central Bank is easing rules around missed payments specifically for this scenario.READ MOREThe home of the Republic of Ireland women’s national team and Shamrock Rovers may be about to get a new name. South Dublin County Council has put the naming rights for Tallaght Stadium out to tender. Laura Slattery has the details.The operator of Dublin Airport sees passenger numbers hitting 40 million between 2027 and 2031  according to planning documents seen by Gordon Deegan. In 2019  the year before the pandemic  the hub saw just under 33 million passengers.Fiona Reddan asks the question on many people’s minds: What if I can’t pay my energy bills this winter?The Toy Show is about as close to an institution as possible on Irish TV these days. In her column  Bernice Harrison looks at how big a money-spinner it is for RTÉ when it comes to selling advertising tied to the show.Dominic Coyle looks at the tax implications for parents letting their daughter rent an apartment from them  and he also delves into whether selling a mother’s home to pay nursing home fees is necessary.Property firm Iput has secured another big tenant. This time the shipping firm Maersk has signed on to take about 252 000 sq ft of warehouse space near Dublin Airport. Ronald Quinlan has the story.Greencoat Renewables trebled its profits in the first six months of the year  Colin Gleeson has the details.The signs of an economic slowdown are growing. Eoin Burke-Kennedy reports on an OECD warning that most larger economies are losing momentum  while more and more surveys showing businesses starting to hunker down. That continues with two reports published today  which Colin details: a poll of companies that shows they plan to slow hiring amid surging inflation  while optimism among agribusiness SMEs is at a five-year low.Tullow Oil has been a staple of the Irish Stock Exchange for more than three decades  but its time on the Dublin market is coming to an end. Joe reports on the company’s plans to delist from the market now know as Euronext Dublin next month.Meanwhile Ian Curran reports on Freshly Chopped founder Brian Lee’s plans to bring the UBX boxing gym franchise to Ireland  while entrepreneurs told a Scale Up conference in Dublin that the tax system needs changes to make this country more attractive to business. Ciara O’Brien was in attendance.Finally Oonagh O’Hagan of Meaghers Pharmacy Group tells whether she’s a spender or saver.Stay up to date with all our business news: sign up to our Business Today daily email news digest.,negative,0.03,0.45,0.52,mixed,0.11,0.1,0.8,True,English,"['Central Bank warning', 'bank accounts', 'Tallaght Stadium', 'leeway', 'rights', 'Freshly Chopped founder Brian Lee', 'UBX boxing gym franchise', 'daily email news digest', 'South Dublin County Council', 'most larger economies', 'Scale Up conference', 'Ciara O’Brien', 'Oonagh O’Hagan', 'Meaghers Pharmacy Group', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'The Toy Show', 'first six months', 'The Central Bank', 'nursing home fees', 'Eoin Burke-Kennedy reports', 'Government support payments', 'business news', 'recent months', 'six firms', 'Irish TV', 'two reports', 'bank accounts', 'Ulster Bank', 'Dublin Airport', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Good Morning', 'living supports', 'upcoming Budget', 'longer term', 'Mark Paul', 'cash subsidies', 'big fears', 'loan repayments', 'credit history', 'national team', 'Shamrock Rovers', 'new name', 'naming rights', 'Tallaght Stadium', 'Laura Slattery', 'passenger numbers', 'planning documents', 'Gordon Deegan', '33 million passengers', 'Fiona Reddan', 'energy bills', 'Bernice Harrison', 'Dominic Coyle', 'tax implications', 'Property firm', 'big tenant', 'shipping firm', '252,000 sq ft', 'warehouse space', 'Ronald Quinlan', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'economic slowdown', 'agribusiness SMEs', 'Tullow Oil', 'three decades', 'Ian Curran', 'tax system', 'Business Today', 'Dublin market', 'Joe Brennan', 'many people', 'Colin Gleeson', 'surging inflation', 'Ireland women', 'cost', 'order', 'fuel', 'fire', 'Companies', 'pandemic', 'dividends', 'shareholders', 'outrage', 'taxpayers', 'KBC', 'lenders', 'transfer', 'rules', 'scenario', 'READ', 'Republic', 'details', 'operator', 'hub', 'question', 'minds', 'institution', 'column', 'money-spinner', 'RTÉ', 'advertising', 'parents', 'daughter', 'apartment', 'mother', 'Iput', 'Maersk', 'profits', 'year', 'signs', 'OECD', 'momentum', 'surveys', 'businesses', 'poll', 'optimism', 'staple', 'time', 'company', 'plans', 'entrepreneurs', 'country', 'attendance', 'spender', 'saver', 'date']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,irishtimes.com
9910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/widen-the-circle-with-jameson-irish-whiskey-jamesons-new-campaign-celebrates-the-spark-of-friendship-that-brings-people-together-301622523.html,Widen the Circle with Jameson Irish Whiskey: Jameson's New Campaign Celebrates the Spark of Friendship that Brings People Together,The Irish Whiskey's Newest Campaign in More Than a Decade Will Make its U.S. Debut and Features Irish Actor & Comedian Aisling Bea NEW YORK  Sept. 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Today Jameson introduced its biggest U.S. campaign in more than a decade  titled Widen …,"The Irish Whiskey's Newest Campaign in More Than a Decade Will Make its U.S. Debut and Features Irish Actor & Comedian Aisling BeaNEW YORK  Sept. 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Today Jameson introduced its biggest U.S. campaign in more than a decade  titled Widen the Circle. As a brand that believes in a world where there are no strangers  only friends you have yet to meet  the new campaign is an open invitation to seek out and embrace those spontaneous  serendipitous moments that spark new connections and cherished memories.Jameson Widen the Circle""Jameson has always understood the power of togetherness  especially those that are seemingly random or unexpected "" said Pam Forbus  SVP  Chief Marketing Officer  Pernod Ricard North America. ""Widen the Circle is a celebration of those powerful encounters that authentically bring new friends together and ultimately make the world feel like a smaller place.""Widen the Circle builds upon the world's number one Irish Whiskey's 240-year legacy of craftmanship  collaboration and celebration of life's everyday moments  both big and small. Anchoring the campaign is a :30 second TV spot starring Irish comedian  actor and writer Aisling Bea – the creator and star of BAFTA award-winning show 'This Way Up' and star of Netflix's 'Living with Yourself' – whose witty tone raises a toast to those who embrace authentic  unexpected and often cheeky moments when people find their kindred spirits.""As a comedian and performer  I always look to connect with my audience. It's those small moments when you recognize a kindred spirit in the crowd that make for the most memorable sets "" said Aisling. ""And when that unspoken bond happens over a Jameson Whiskey? Well  there's nothing better in my opinion.""Created by TBWA\Dublin  ""Widen the Circle"" is a 360-degree campaign  running on TV  online video  social and e-commerce. Jameson believes that life is better shared with friends  family and a glass of Jameson Irish Whiskey. To learn more about the new campaign  please visit JamesonWhiskey.com/Widen-the-Circle and check out the new TVC on YouTube .About Jameson ® Irish WhiskeyJameson is the world's most awarded* and bestselling Irish whiskey  ranked in the top 4 global whiskey brands and number 9 in spirits. Leading the Irish Whiskey category with a 67% market share and having experienced 30 years of consecutive growth up until 2019  Jameson reached unprecedented sales of 10 million cases in March 2022.The Jameson portfolio is led by its core expression of Jameson Original  with dynamic growth being experienced with its Super Premium offering  Jameson Black Barrel. The range also includes ultra-premium offerings such as Jameson 18 Years  as well as some recently added flavored whiskeys  Jameson Orange and Jameson Cold Brew.Triple distilled and twice as smooth  every bottle of Jameson is distilled and matured at the world renowned Midleton Distillery in County Cork  Ireland.Follow @Jameson_US and visit JamesonWhiskey.com for the latest from Jameson.* Based on the tasting results of the six most influential tasting competitions over the past 10 years (2011-2021)  including The Irish Whiskey Masters  IWSC  ISC  Beverage Testing Institute  San Francisco World Spirits Competition and Ultimate Spirits Challenge.TASTE RESPONSIBLY. JAMESON ® Irish Whiskey. 40% Alc./Vol. (80 Proof). Product of Ireland. ©2020 Imported by John Jameson Import Company  New York  NYAbout Pernod Ricard USA ®Pernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second-largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 19 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut ® Vodka  Avión ® Tequila  Chivas Regal ® Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet ® Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson ® Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa ® Liqueur  Malibu ®  Martell ® Cognac  Olmeca Altos ® Tequila   Beefeater ® Gin  Del Maguey ® Single Village Mezcal  Monkey 47 ® Gin  Plymouth ® Gin  Seagram's ® Extra Dry Gin  Malfy ® Gin  Hiram Walker ® Liqueurs  Midleton ® Irish Whiskey  Powers ® Irish Whiskey  Redbreast ® Irish Whiskey  Aberlour ® Single Malt Scotch Whisky; Lillet ®; Smithworks ® Vodka  Jefferson's ® Bourbon  Smooth Ambler ® Whiskey  Rabbit Hole ® Whiskey  Pernod ® and Ricard ®; such superior wines as Jacob's Creek ®  Kenwood ® Vineyards  Campo Viejo ® and Brancott Estate ®; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines as Perrier-Jouët ® Champagne  G.H. Mumm™ Champagne and Mumm Napa ® sparkling wines.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and has more than 700 employees across the country. As ""creators of conviviality "" we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees and the planet. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information on this  please visit: www.responsibility.org.Media contact:Blaine Rueber  [email protected]Gabby Deitsch  [email protected]SOURCE Pernod Ricard USA",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.27,0.13,True,English,"['Jameson Irish Whiskey', 'New Campaign', 'Circle', 'Spark', 'Friendship', 'People', 'The Glenlivet ® Single Malt Scotch Whisky', 'six most influential tasting competitions', 'San Francisco World Spirits Competition', 'G.H. Mumm™ Champagne', 'Mumm Napa ® sparkling wines', 'top 4 global whiskey brands', 'Pernod Ricard North America', 'world renowned Midleton Distillery', 'The Irish Whiskey Masters', 'biggest U.S. campaign', 'John Jameson Import Company', 'Single Village Mezcal', 'Perrier-Jouët ® Champagne', 'U.S. Debut', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'BAFTA award-winning show', 'Beverage Testing Institute', 'The Jameson portfolio', 'Midleton ® Irish Whiskey', 'Super Premium offering', 'Pernod Ricard USA', 'Pernod Ricard SA', 'Kahlúa ® Liqueur', 'responsible business practices', 'Ultimate Spirits Challenge', 'writer Aisling Bea', 'spontaneous, serendipitous moments', 'bestselling Irish whiskey', 'Irish Whiskey category', 'Redbreast ® Irish Whiskey', 'Extra Dry Gin', 'Jameson Black Barrel', 'Jameson Cold Brew', 'Comedian Aisling Bea', 'Jameson Irish Whiskey', 'JAMESON ® Irish Whiskey', 'tasting results', 'prestigious brands', 'premium spirits', 'superior wines', 'Irish comedian', 'responsible drinking', 'Jameson Whiskey', 'kindred spirits', 'largest spirits', 'leading spirits', 'everyday moments', 'cheeky moments', 'small moments', 'wine company', 'Beefeater ® Gin', 'Monkey 47 ® Gin', 'Plymouth ® Gin', 'Malfy ® Gin', 'Newest Campaign', 'new campaign', '360-degree campaign', 'Irish Actor', 'NEW YORK', 'a decade', 'open invitation', 'new connections', 'cherished memories', 'Pam Forbus', 'powerful encounters', 'smaller place', '240-year legacy', 'witty tone', 'authentic, unexpected', 'memorable sets', 'unspoken bond', 'TBWA\\Dublin', 'online video', 'new TVC', '67% market share', 'consecutive growth', 'unprecedented sales', '10 million cases', 'core expression', 'dynamic growth', 'ultra-premium offerings', 'flavored whiskeys', 'County Cork', 'TASTE RESPONSIBLY', 'largest subsidiary', 'CAC 40 index', 'Avión', 'Chivas Regal', 'Olmeca Altos', 'Del Maguey', 'Hiram Walker ®', 'Smooth Ambler', 'Rabbit Hole', 'Kenwood ® Vineyards', 'Campo Viejo', 'Brancott Estate', 'exquisite champagnes', 'active program', 'Today Jameson', 'Jameson Original', 'Jameson Orange', 'past 10 years', 'Jameson 18 Years', 'Absolut ® Vodka', 'new friends', '30 years', 'Features', 'PRNewswire', 'Circle', 'strangers', 'togetherness', 'SVP', 'celebration', 'number', 'craftmanship', 'collaboration', 'life', 'creator', 'star', 'Netflix', 'toast', 'people', 'performer', 'audience', 'crowd', 'opinion', 'social', 'commerce', 'family', 'glass', 'JamesonWhiskey', 'YouTube', 'March', 'bottle', 'Ireland', 'Jameson_US', 'IWSC', 'Alc', 'Vol.', '80 Proof', 'Product', 'Paris', 'France-based', 'Euronext', 'Ticker', 'part', 'Tequila', 'Malibu', 'Martell', 'Cognac', 'Seagram', 'Liqueurs', 'Powers', 'Aberlour', 'Lillet', 'Smithworks', 'Jefferson', 'Bourbon', 'Jacob', 'Creek', '700 employees', 'country', 'conviviality', 'sustainable', 'service', 'customers', 'consumers', 'planet', 'adults', 'information']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,prnewswire.com
9922,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/14/2515864/0/en/XBT-Provider-announces-plans-for-Ether-Tracker-One-and-Ether-Tracker-Euro-following-Ethereum-s-Merge.html,XBT Provider announces plans for Ether Tracker One and Ether Tracker Euro following Ethereum’s Merge,"September 14  2022 | STOCKHOLM  Sweden - XBT Provider AB (Publ) ( the ""Issuer"") has today announced details of the potential effects of Ethereum’s upcoming merge on two of its ether-based securities.","September 14  2022 | STOCKHOLM  Sweden - XBT Provider AB (Publ) ( the ""Issuer"") has today announced details of the potential effects of Ethereum’s upcoming merge on two of its ether-based securities.The affected securities are listed below:Ether Tracker OneNasdaq Ticker: ETHEREUM XBTBloomberg Ticker: COINETH:SSISIN: SE0010296574Ether Tracker EuroNasdaq Ticker: ETHEREUM XBTEBloomberg Ticker: COINETHE:SSISIN: SE0010296582The Issuer has been closely following the developments in the Ethereum protocol  with respect to both the proposed move (the “Merge”) to a Proof of Stake consensus network (the “ETHPoS”) as well as the proposed fork (the “Fork”) of the existing Proof of Work consensus network (the “ETHPoW”). As a result of the Fork  the Issuer understands that a new Digital Currency (“ETHW”) will be created and distributed pro rata to all holders of the existing Ether Digital Currency (ETH).Although the Issuer  in accordance with the Prospectus  has no legal obligation to distribute forked coins to certificate holders  it nevertheless seeks to return the value creation to Certificate Holders where possible. Accordingly  the Issuer has developed the following (long-standing) policy on forks:Forks eligible for the plan will be selected according to the available information of each separate fork  at the Issuer's discretion  with a focus on the viability and value of the new token. The forks will be distributed to certificate holders bi-annually. Critically  the Issuer will provide a corporate action date  in which certificate holders in possession of the certificates (as at the corporate action date) will be eligible to receive a cash distribution accumulated by forks during the preceding half-year period. Only owners of certificate by Euroclear definition will be paid and they will distribute to their underlying clients  sometimes multiple levels. Once owners are paid  the responsibility is no longer within the firm for good execution. The Issuer will announce a corporate action date three (3) weeks in advance of each bi-annual fork distribution. The corporate action date is designed to allow the Issuer to capture a snapshot of the registered certificate holders at the point of the corporate action. These certificate holders will be eligible to receive proceeds the Issuer has collected during the preceding 6 months.The Issuer notes that the market for ETHW may experience significant price volatility during the Merge and that the new protocol for ETHW may experience risks associated with the stability of the technology underpinning the protocol as well as risks to the adoption of ETHW among exchanges and custodians. The Issuer will endeavour to sell ETHW and distribute the proceeds to Certificate Holders in the event the proceeds are material and the protocol is stable  but the Issuer can make no guarantees as to its ability to do this..—About XBT ProviderXBT Provider AB (Publ) (“XBT Provider”)  a CoinShares company  is the Swedish-domiciled issuer of the Bitcoin Tracker One (SE0007126024)  Bitcoin Tracker Euro (SE0007525332)  Ether Tracker One (SE0010296574)  Ether Tracker Euro (SE0010296582)  series of certificates (collectively  the “Certificates”) which are designed to synthetically track the performance of the price of the relevant underlying crypto-asset  bitcoin or ether  (in Swedish Kronor or Euro  respectively)  less a fee component.In 2015  Bitcoin Tracker One became the first bitcoin-referenced security available on a regulated exchange when it listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. In 2017  Ether Tracker One became the first ether-referenced security available on a regulated exchange when it listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. The Certificates are available and traded in the same manner as any other share or instrument listed on their respective exchanges.XBT Provider’s Prospectus is approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) and the Certificates are governed by Swedish law. XBT Provider is not a licensed financial advisor. The views presented in this release are the opinions of the Board of XBT Provider and no other party. Bitcoin and ether  are volatile assets and their prices (and the price of securities that are referenced to them) can move quickly  positively or negatively. Prospective investors in the Certificates should carefully consider the suitability of such an investment and whether they have sufficient financial resources in order to be able to bear the risks associated therewith and  in connection with such a determination  should carefully read XBT Provider’s latest Prospectus (including  in particular  the risk warnings set out therein). The Certificates do not confer on the holders thereof any claim to or against the relevant underlying crypto-asset to which they are referenced. The value and any payment due under the Certificates will be affected by the exchange rate between the US Dollar and the Euro or  as the case may be  between the US Dollar and the Swedish Kronor. Any returns upon the Certificates will not be the same as the returns which a direct investment of an equivalent sum in the relevant underlying crypto-asset could produce. The Certificates are non-equity linked  non-principal protected  unsecured and unsubordinated and do not bear interest.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['Ether Tracker Euro', 'XBT Provider', 'plans', 'Ethereum', 'Merge', 'Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'existing Ether Digital Currency', 'new Digital Currency', 'licensed financial advisor', 'sufficient financial resources', 'Stake consensus network', 'Work consensus network', 'first bitcoin-referenced security', 'first ether-referenced security', 'relevant underlying crypto-asset', 'corporate action date', 'preceding half-year period', 'Ether Tracker One', 'significant price volatility', 'XBT Provider AB', 'Ether Tracker Euro', 'bi-annual fork distribution', 'registered certificate holders', 'Bitcoin Tracker Euro', 'underlying clients', 'existing Proof', 'cash distribution', 'preceding 6 months', 'Swedish Kronor', 'Swedish law', 'new token', 'potential effects', 'Nasdaq Ticker', 'Bloomberg Ticker', 'legal obligation', 'standing) policy', 'available information', 'Euroclear definition', 'multiple levels', 'good execution', 'CoinShares company', 'fee component', 'regulated exchange', 'same manner', 'other share', 'Sw. Finansinspektionen', 'other party', 'volatile assets', 'Prospective investors', 'risk warnings', 'exchange rate', 'US Dollar', 'ETHEREUM XBT', 'new protocol', 'ether-based securities', 'affected securities', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'separate fork', 'respective exchanges', 'upcoming merge', 'value creation', 'latest Prospectus', 'Ethereum protocol', 'Swedish-domiciled issuer', 'The Issuer', 'September', 'Sweden', 'Publ', 'details', 'COINETH', 'ISIN', 'developments', 'move', 'ETHPoS', 'ETHPoW', 'result', 'ETHW', 'accordance', 'forks', 'plan', 'discretion', 'focus', 'viability', 'possession', 'certificates', 'owners', 'responsibility', 'firm', 'advance', 'snapshot', 'point', 'proceeds', 'market', 'risks', 'stability', 'technology', 'adoption', 'custodians', 'event', 'material', 'guarantees', 'series', 'performance', 'instrument', 'views', 'release', 'opinions', 'Board', 'prices', 'suitability', 'investment', 'order', 'connection', 'determination', 'claim', 'payment', 'case', 'returns']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9923,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New challenger Wio Bank launches in the UAE #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/bcfEXhI6f7 #regtech,nan,New challenger Wio Bank launches in the UAE #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/bcfEXhI6f7 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['UAE #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'New challenger', 'Wio Bank', 'Fintech', 'bcfEXhI6f7', 'regtech', 'UAE #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'New challenger', 'Wio Bank', 'Fintech', 'bcfEXhI6f7', 'regtech']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9924,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Revolut launches new one-click payment solution #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HxUZEwsLzL #regtech,nan,Revolut launches new one-click payment solution #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HxUZEwsLzL #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['new one-click payment solution', 'AAA Websites', 'Revolut', 'Fintech', 'HxUZEwsLzL', 'regtech', 'new one-click payment solution', 'AAA Websites', 'Revolut', 'Fintech', 'HxUZEwsLzL', 'regtech']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9925,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,US fintech Bankjoy appoints Michael Carroll as its new CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NchFe9sZQc #regtech,nan,US fintech Bankjoy appoints Michael Carroll as its new CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NchFe9sZQc #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['new CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'US fintech Bankjoy', 'Michael Carroll', 'NchFe9sZQc', 'regtech', 'new CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'US fintech Bankjoy', 'Michael Carroll', 'NchFe9sZQc', 'regtech']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9926,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,California couple held off foreclosure for 13 years in mortgage servicer nightmare #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/8FWKn8QaTe,nan,California couple held off foreclosure for 13 years in mortgage servicer nightmare #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/8FWKn8QaTe,negative,0.01,0.07,0.91,negative,0.01,0.07,0.91,True,English,"['mortgage servicer nightmare', 'California couple', 'foreclosure', '13 years', 'Fintech', '8FWKn8QaTe', 'mortgage servicer nightmare', 'California couple', 'foreclosure', '13 years', 'Fintech', '8FWKn8QaTe']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9927,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3699174/clearstream-sees-11-increase-in-august-securities-finance-trading,Clearstream sees 11% increase in August securities finance trading,Clearstream reported heightened activity in most of its units last month as the post-trade firm's securities financing business continuing to perform positively with a 11% year-on-year increase in trading.,If you are an existing subscriber please sign in to read this article in full.Sign up for a free trialTake a complimentary trial to Global Investor Group and gain access to a wealth of news  analysis and data across the Asset Management  Securities Finance  Custody  Fund Services and Derivatives markets from across the suite of Global Investor Products.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['August securities finance trading', 'Clearstream', '11% increase', 'Global Investor Group', 'Global Investor Products', 'existing subscriber', 'free trial', 'complimentary trial', 'Asset Management', 'Securities Finance', 'Fund Services', 'Derivatives markets', 'article', 'access', 'wealth', 'news', 'analysis', 'data', 'Custody', 'suite']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globalinvestorgroup.com
9928,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3699174/clearstream-sees-11-increase-in-august-securities-finance-activity,Clearstream sees 11% increase in August securities finance activity,Clearstream reported heightened activity in most of its units last month as the post-trade firm's securities financing business continuing to perform positively with a 11% year-on-year increase in trading.,If you are an existing subscriber please sign in to read this article in full.Sign up for a free trialTake a complimentary trial to Global Investor Group and gain access to a wealth of news  analysis and data across the Asset Management  Securities Finance  Custody  Fund Services and Derivatives markets from across the suite of Global Investor Products.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['August securities finance activity', 'Clearstream', '11% increase', 'Global Investor Group', 'Global Investor Products', 'existing subscriber', 'free trial', 'complimentary trial', 'Asset Management', 'Securities Finance', 'Fund Services', 'Derivatives markets', 'article', 'access', 'wealth', 'news', 'analysis', 'data', 'Custody', 'suite']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globalinvestorgroup.com
9929,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/7jUgvE7FCJ,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/7jUgvE7FCJ,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/Vhf', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'jUgvE7FCJ', 'ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/Vhf', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'jUgvE7FCJ']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9930,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,number three of financial clearing house Clearstream  discovered that BCCI had continued to maintain its activities… https://t.co/wgfsoo7Pos,nan,number three of financial clearing house Clearstream  discovered that BCCI had continued to maintain its activities… https://t.co/wgfsoo7Pos,neutral,0.05,0.79,0.16,neutral,0.05,0.79,0.16,True,English,"['financial clearing house', 'number', 'Clearstream', 'BCCI', 'activities', 'wgfsoo7Pos', 'financial clearing house', 'number', 'Clearstream', 'BCCI', 'activities', 'wgfsoo7Pos']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9931,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,There’s nothing like a video wall when you’re out doing a live #podcast at the @Clearstream / @EurexGroup GFF Summi… https://t.co/UMl18sGBZy,nan,There’s nothing like a video wall when you’re out doing a live #podcast at the @Clearstream / @EurexGroup GFF Summi… https://t.co/UMl18sGBZy,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['video wall', 'live #podcast', 'UMl18sGBZy', 'video wall', 'live #podcast', 'UMl18sGBZy']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9932,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/u6Zc3mxU6z,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/u6Zc3mxU6z,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls', '15dB', 'ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls', '15dB']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9933,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Recruitment Specialistat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.We are seeking a candidate for a permanent role This pos… https://t.co/WePYhmEnOV,nan,Recruitment Specialistat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.We are seeking a candidate for a permanent role This pos… https://t.co/WePYhmEnOV,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Recruitment Specialist', 'permanent role', 'candidate', 'WePYhmEnOV', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Recruitment Specialist', 'permanent role', 'candidate', 'WePYhmEnOV']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9934,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Clearstream @EurexGroup @DeutscheBoerse @luxcongress When will clearstream trade Russian DR again?,nan,@Clearstream @EurexGroup @DeutscheBoerse @luxcongress When will clearstream trade Russian DR again?,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Russian DR', 'Clearstream', 'EurexGroup', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'luxcongress', 'trade', 'Russian DR', 'Clearstream', 'EurexGroup', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'luxcongress', 'trade']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9935,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://cointelegraph.com/news/market-will-decide-on-post-merge-ethereum-etps-says-crypto-executive,‘Market will decide’ on post-Merge Ethereum ETPs  says crypto executive,ETC Group founder Bradley Duke answers why launching a new PoW-based Ethereum ETP seemed a better option for the firm than just distributing fork proceeds.,The Ethereum Merge is set to be one of the biggest events in the cryptocurrency industry  potentially affecting many related firms and services  and Ethereum-based exchange-traded products (ETPs) are no exception.ETC Group  a major European crypto ETP issuer  has decided to expand its current Ethereum ETP offering by launching one more Ethereum investment product. The new ETP is based on ETHW  a new token that is set to run on proof-of-work (PoW) Ethereum following the hard fork.The new ZETW ETP will launch in addition to the currently offered Physical Ethereum ETP (ZETH)  which was listed on Deutsche Boerse Xetra in March 2021. ZETW is scheduled to go live shortly after the Ethereum hard fork occurs  which is expected to occur within 24 hours following the Merge.The Merge refers to Ethereum’s transition from the infamous mining-based PoW consensus mechanism to an eco-friendly proof-of-stake (PoS) system.As some Ethereum users are willing to keep using the PoW model  the Merge is likely to fork Ethereum into two separate blockchains. Those include the main PoS-based Ethereum blockchain  commonly referred to as ETHPOS and associated with the original Ether (ETH) token. Another Ethereum network would rely on the PoW system  referred to as ETHPOW  with the new ​​ETHW token.Scheduled to occur on Sept. 15  the Merge poses an impact on Ethereum-based ETPs: The underlying asset in default physical Ethereum ETPs will no longer be based on PoW  but some ETH ETP investors might want to have exposure to such an asset.According to ETC Group co-CEO and founder Bradley Duke  the new ETP launch would allow the firm to ensure the most transparent and fair approach to investors. With the new ETP  current ZETH holders will get the ZETW token automatically as an addition to ZETH on a 1:1 unit basis on brokerage accounts.“We just want to ensure investors in our products have the same opportunity as direct holders of any given crypto in the event of a fork ” Duke said.ETC Group sees the Merge as a positive development as it supports a greener PoS consensus mechanism  the founder noted  adding that the firm is very market-driven in their outlook:“If enough people get behind a fork for whatever reason  we feel the free market will decide on what should live and what should not. [...] We are not in the business of predicting whether the fork will be a success or not.”According to Duke  the upcoming Merge will be the first time for ETC Group to manage a hard fork as part of their crypto ETP offering. Since launching their first centrally cleared Bitcoin ETP in June 2020  ETC Group has listed a total of 14 crypto ETPs on Xetra.Duke noted that launching a new ETP is not the only option to distribute hard fork proceeds for investors  as the firm could also just sell ETHW tokens following the hard fork. However  launching the new ETP appeared to be a better option for ETC Group because some investors might not want to sell it right away  he said.“The new ETP seems better because we just don't know what will happen whether ETHW will succeed or not. We feel this approach is the fairest ” Duke stated.While ETC Group is moving forward with two separate Ethereum ETPs due to the Merge  some issuers decided to simply keep their ETPs running on PoS Ethereum.Related: Ethereum's potential fork ETHPOW has crashed 80% since debut — More pain ahead?Cryptocurrency investment firm 21.co told Cointelegraph that their flagship 21Shares Ethereum ETP will reflect the PoS fork of Ethereum  which is “expected to be the dominant version of the network post-Merge.”“If a hard fork were to result in an airdrop  21Shares would likely sell and reinvest the proceeds into the respective products to align with the index ” 21.co director of research Eliézer Ndinga said. The exec added that there may be “unknown and unforeseen factors ” including lockup periods  and it may take time for custodians to fully process the newly forked asset  among other issues.“Once any airdrops are announced  and the specifics are available  21Shares will provide an update ” Ndinga added.Another major crypto ETP issuer  CoinShares  announced Wednesday that it would share the ETHW with its current CoinShares Physical Ethereum holders. The firm emphasized that both ETHW and ETH may experience significant price volatility during the Merge.,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.08,mixed,0.1,0.24,0.66,True,English,"['Merge Ethereum ETPs', 'crypto executive', 'Market', 'infamous mining-based PoW consensus mechanism', 'major European crypto ETP issuer', 'current CoinShares Physical Ethereum holders', 'greener PoS consensus mechanism', 'major crypto ETP issuer', 'main PoS-based Ethereum blockchain', 'original Ether (ETH) token', 'current Ethereum ETP offering', 'two separate Ethereum ETPs', 'two separate blockchains', 'crypto ETP offering', 'Physical Ethereum ETP', 'many related firms', 'current ZETH holders', 'significant price volatility', 'Ethereum investment product', 'new ETP launch', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Eliézer Ndinga', 'Ethereum-based exchange-traded products', 'new ZETW ETP', '21Shares Ethereum ETP', 'ETH ETP investors', 'Cryptocurrency investment firm', 'Ethereum hard fork', 'new \u200b\u200bETHW token', 'The Ethereum Merge', 'hard fork proceeds', 'direct holders', '14 crypto ETPs', 'new token', 'PoS Ethereum', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'ZETW token', 'Ethereum-based ETPs', 'Ethereum users', 'cryptocurrency industry', 'PoS) system', 'PoS fork', 'PoW model', 'PoW system', 'Ethereum network', 'biggest events', 'ETC Group', '1:1 unit basis', 'brokerage accounts', 'same opportunity', 'positive development', 'enough people', 'dominant version', 'respective products', 'unforeseen factors', 'lockup periods', 'other issues', 'potential fork', 'The Merge', 'eco-friendly proof', 'fair approach', 'free market', 'first time', 'ETHW tokens', '21.co director', 'upcoming Merge', 'underlying asset', 'Bradley Duke', 'services', 'exception', 'one', 'addition', 'March', '24 hours', 'transition', 'stake', 'ETHPOS', 'ETHPOW', 'Sept.', 'impact', 'default', 'exposure', 'CEO', 'founder', 'transparent', 'outlook', 'reason', 'business', 'success', 'part', 'June', 'total', 'option', 'issuers', 'debut', 'pain', 'Cointelegraph', 'flagship', 'airdrop', 'index', 'research', 'exec', 'unknown', 'custodians', 'specifics', 'update']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,cointelegraph.com
9936,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/09/14/short-interest-in-deutsche-borse-ag-otcmktsdboey-declines-by-69-4.html,Short Interest in Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Declines By 69.4%,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) saw a large decline in short interest in August. As of August 31st  there was short interest totalling 1 500 shares  a decline of 69.4% from the August 15th total of 4 ,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) saw a large decline in short interest in August. As of August 31st  there was short interest totalling 1 500 shares  a decline of 69.4% from the August 15th total of 4 900 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 354 200 shares  the days-to-cover ratio is presently 0.0 days.Deutsche Börse Trading Down 1.8 %Shares of DBOEY opened at $17.00 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $32.30 billion  a PE ratio of 20.73  a P/E/G ratio of 1.53 and a beta of 0.72. The stock has a fifty day moving average price of $16.90 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.98. Deutsche Börse has a 12 month low of $14.77 and a 12 month high of $18.44.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) last released its earnings results on Tuesday  July 26th. The financial services provider reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter. The business had revenue of $1.34 billion for the quarter. Deutsche Börse had a net margin of 27.90% and a return on equity of 17.92%. As a group  research analysts forecast that Deutsche Börse will post 0.78 EPS for the current year.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesAbout Deutsche BörseSeveral analysts recently issued reports on DBOEY shares. Credit Suisse Group lifted their price target on shares of Deutsche Börse from €164.00 ($167.35) to €178.00 ($181.63) in a research report on Monday  August 1st. Morgan Stanley upped their price target on Deutsche Börse to €196.10 ($200.10) in a research report on Monday  June 27th. UBS Group upped their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €200.00 ($204.08) to €210.00 ($214.29) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday  September 7th. Finally  Citigroup cut their target price on Deutsche Börse from €182.00 ($185.71) to €173.00 ($176.53) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday  June 30th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat  the stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $183.73.(Get Rating)Deutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.56,0.41,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Short Interest', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Declines', 'fifty day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'Deutsche Börse Trading', 'Four equities research analysts', 'average trading volume', 'concise daily summary', 'Investment Fund Services', 'financial services provider', 'August 15th total', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'consensus target price', 'price target', 'Cash Equities', 'email address', 'price objective', 'consensus rating', 'Financial Derivatives', 'research report', 'research note', 'Several analysts', 'Get Rating', 'short interest', 'August 31st', 'cover ratio', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'net margin', 'current year', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'August 1st', 'Morgan Stanley', 'UBS Group', 'buy” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'buy rating', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'related companies', 'large decline', '12 month low', 'earnings results', 'hold rating', 'analytics business', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'DBOEY shares', '0.21 earnings', '1,500 shares', '4,900 shares', '354,200 shares', 'OTCMKTS', 'days', 'Wednesday', 'firm', 'beta', 'stock', 'Tuesday', 'July', 'quarter', 'revenue', 'return', 'equity', '0.78 EPS', 'Downgrades', 'reports', 'Monday', 'June', 'September', 'Citigroup', 'company', 'Thursday', 'data', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '0.0']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,defenseworld.net
9937,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/09/14/deutsche-borse-etrdb1-given-a-190-00-price-target-at-warburg-research.html,Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) Given a €190.00 Price Target at Warburg Research,Warburg Research set a €190.00 ($193.88) price target on Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) in a report published on Tuesday  Borsen Zeitung reports. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on DB1.,Warburg Research set a €190.00 ($193.88) price target on Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) in a report published on Tuesday  Borsen Zeitung reports.Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on DB1. Jefferies Financial Group set a €192.00 ($195.92) target price on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday  July 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €190.00 ($193.88) target price on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday  July 26th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €167.00 ($170.41) price target on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Tuesday  August 2nd. Berenberg Bank set a €165.00 ($168.37) price target on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Wednesday  July 27th. Finally  Barclays set a €175.00 ($178.57) price target on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Friday  July 29th.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:Deutsche Börse Price PerformanceShares of DB1 opened at €171.60 ($175.10) on Tuesday. Deutsche Börse has a twelve month low of €135.80 ($138.57) and a twelve month high of €175.90 ($179.49). The company has a quick ratio of 0.01  a current ratio of 1.01 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 54.74. The firm has a 50 day moving average of €167.37 and a 200 day moving average of €161.91. The company has a market capitalization of $31.51 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.51.About Deutsche BörseDeutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', '€190.00 Price Target', 'Warburg Research', 'ETR', 'Deutsche Börse Price Performance', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'concise daily summary', 'Several other brokerages', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'email address', 'Financial Derivatives', 'price target', 'target price', 'Warburg Research', 'Get Rating', 'Borsen Zeitung', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Royal Bank', 'research note', 'Berenberg Bank', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'Featured Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'twelve month', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'ETR', 'DB1', 'report', 'Tuesday', 'shares', 'July', 'Co.', 'Canada', 'August', 'Wednesday', 'Barclays', 'Friday', 'company', 'debt', 'firm', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,defenseworld.net
9938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220914005085/en/Verimatrix-Threat-Defense-Technologies-Deployed-by-Saudi-Arabia%E2%80%99s-Largest-Online-Shopping-Service,Verimatrix Threat Defense Technologies Deployed by Saudi Arabia’s Largest Online Shopping Service,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Jarir  Saudi Arabia’s largest ecommerce and online …,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Jarir  Saudi Arabia’s largest ecommerce and online shopping service  selected Verimatrix’s App Shield Pro with monitoring  part of the Extended Threat Defense (XTD) family of products  to safeguard valuable IP within its services for Android users.With millions using its popular shopping app  Jarir sought a speedy yet proven solution to gain the latest protections against threats such as reverse engineering and repackaging. The company also prioritized the need to monitor and detect threats among its install base  allowing it to identify threat patterns and prevent potential attacks.Through its zero-code approach to app security and monitoring  Verimatrix App Shield Pro and XTD technologies arm Jarir with an unobtrusive yet modern approach to app security as well as valuable intelligence that can help avoid costly security-related incidents.“When a business is rooted in the use of an app  it’s vital to maximize its cybersecurity while still maintaining a superb user experience ” said Juha Högmander  vice president  cybersecurity business at Verimatrix. “We are pleased to work with market-leading companies such as Jarir to provide unmatched threat defenses.”“Following a robust evaluation  we selected Verimatrix due to its comprehensive approach to IP protection and its unique threat monitoring capabilities ” said Nasser Abdul-Aziz  Chief Operations Officer at Jarir Bookstore. “It’s important to us to work with cybersecurity experts such as Verimatrix who offer our needed mix of proactive protections  ease of use  and first-class service.”About JarirJarir Marketing Company (also popularly known as “Jarir Bookstore” or “Jarir”) was established in Riyadh in 1974 as a small bookshop. In the 80s  Jarir opened a second branch in Riyadh followed by one in the 90s. Jarir now is considered the market leader in the Middle East for consumer IT products  Electronics  Office supplies and Books. Jarir is a retailer and wholesaler of its products in Saudi Arabia and in other GCC Countries. In 2002  Jarir became a Joint Stock Company (CR No. 1010032264) and was listed in the Saudi Capital Market (Tadawul) in the year 2003. Currently  Jarir has a paid-up capital of SR 1.20 billion. Visit www.jarir.com.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Verimatrix Threat Defense Technologies', 'Largest Online Shopping Service', 'Saudi Arabia', 'unique threat monitoring capabilities', 'unobtrusive yet modern approach', 'Verimatrix App Shield Pro', 'Extended Threat Defense', 'costly security-related incidents', 'superb user experience', 'Juha Högmander', 'unmatched threat defenses', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'other GCC Countries', 'live streaming sports', 'online shopping service', 'popular shopping app', 'Joint Stock Company', 'valuable revenue streams', 'critical mobile applications', 'consumer IT products', 'Saudi Capital Market', 'Jarir Marketing Company', 'threat patterns', 'zero-code approach', 'comprehensive approach', 'first-class service', 'up capital', 'Saudi Arabia', 'valuable IP', 'valuable intelligence', 'app security', 'SAN DIEGO', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'largest ecommerce', 'XTD) family', 'Android users', 'proven solution', 'latest protections', 'reverse engineering', 'install base', 'potential attacks', 'XTD technologies', 'vice president', 'market-leading companies', 'robust evaluation', 'IP protection', 'Nasser Abdul-Aziz', 'needed mix', 'proactive protections', 'small bookshop', 'second branch', 'Middle East', 'Office supplies', 'CR No.', 'digital content', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'people-centered security', 'frictionless security', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'new business', 'cybersecurity experts', 'cybersecurity business', 'Jarir Bookstore', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'VMX', 'leader', 'world', 'part', 'services', 'millions', 'speedy', 'threats', 'repackaging', 'ease', 'Riyadh', '80s', '90s', 'Electronics', 'retailer', 'wholesaler', 'Tadawul', 'year', 'SR', 'devices', 'everything', 'mission', 'customers', 'experiences', 'consumers']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,businesswire.com
9939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-relating-total-number-voting-160000122.html,INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL,In Bernin  on September 13  2022 INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL (Article L. 233-8 II of the...,SOITECIn Bernin  on September 13  2022INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBEROF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESFORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and article 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French financial markets authority (A.M.F))Corporate name and address of the company: SOITECParc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques38190 Bernin (FRANCE)Statement date Total number of shares forming the share capital Total number of voting rights 08/31/202235 540 607 (1)Number of theoretical (gross) voting rights (2): 46 090 824 Number of exercisable (net) voting rights (3): 44 937 885(1) Including (i) 35 517 593 ordinary shares of €2.00 par value each  listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013227113 and the mnemonic “SOI” and (iii) 23 014 preferred shares 2 of €2.00 par value each  not listed.(2) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or “gross” voting rights) is used as the basis for calculating the crossing of shareholding thresholds. In accordance with article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares) and after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights.(3) The total number of exercisable voting rights (or “net” voting rights) is calculated after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights  and after deduction of the shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares).Soitec  a French joint-stock corporation with a share capital of Euros 71 081 214 - 384 711 909 R.C.S. Grenoble - APE code 2611 Z Headquarters’ address: Parc Technologique des Fontaines – Chemin des Franques – 38190 Bernin (France)Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['TOTAL NUMBER', 'VOTING RIGHTS', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'INFORMATION', 'SHARES', '909 R.C.S. Grenoble', 'French financial markets authority', 'Parc Technologique des Fontaines', 'Chemin des Franques 38190 Bernin', 'French joint-stock corporation', 'A.M.F', 'French Commercial Code', 'gross) voting rights', 'net) voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'gross” voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net” voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Z Headquarters’ address', 'exercisable voting rights', 'ISIN code', 'APE code', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'Corporate name', 'Statement date', 'Euronext Paris', 'shareholding thresholds', 'TOTAL NUMBER', '35,517,593 ordinary shares', '23,014 preferred shares', 'treasury shares', 'Article L.', 'SOITEC', 'September', 'INFORMATION', 'company', 'FRANCE', 'basis', 'crossing', 'accordance', 'example', 'account', 'deduction', 'Euros', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coil-interim-dividend-1-paid-154500260.html,COIL: INTERIM DIVIDEND OF €1 PAID OUT ON SEPTEMBER 30,INTERIM DIVIDEND OF €1 PAID OUT ON SEPTEMBER 30 Brussels  14 September 2022 (5.45pm) - COIL  the world leader for aluminium anodising  is announcing that the...,COILINTERIM DIVIDEND OF €1 PAID OUT ON SEPTEMBER 30Brussels  14 September 2022 (5.45pm) - COIL  the world leader for aluminium anodising  is announcing that the interim dividend of EUR 1.00 gross per share will be paid out on September 30  in line with the decision taken today by the shareholder’s general meeting.The meeting decided to distribute an interim dividend to the shareholders based on the figures of the last completed financial year (being the financial year closed on 31 December 2021) for an amount of EUR 1.00 gross per share.With a share price of EUR 9 on September 7  2022  this interim dividend corresponds to a gross annual yield of 11.1%.Agenda31 October 2022 First half 2022 results (after close of trading)About COILCOIL is the world's leading anodiser in the building and industrial sectors and trades under the ALOXIDE brand name.Anodising is an electrochemical process (electrolysis) which develops a natural  protective oxide layer on the surface of aluminium and can be coloured in a range of UV-proof finishes. It gives the metal excellent resistance to corrosion and/or reinforces its functional qualities. Anodising preserves all the natural and ecological properties of aluminium; it retains its high rigidity and excellent strength-to-weight ratio  its non-magnetic properties  its exceptional resistance to corrosion. The metal remains totally and repeatedly recyclable through simple re-melting. Anodised aluminium is used in a wide variety of industries and applications: architecture  design  manufacturing and the automotive sector.COIL deploys an industrial model that creates value by leveraging its unique know-how  its operational excellence  the quality of its investments and the expertise of its people. COIL has around 110 employees in Belgium and Germany and generated a turnover of around €25 million in 2021.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris | Isin: BE0160342011 | Reuters: ALCOI.PA | Bloomberg: ALCOI: FPStory continuesFor more information  please visit www.aloxide.comContactCOILTim Hutton | Chief Executive Officertim.hutton@coil.be | Tel. : +32 (0)11 88 01 88 CALYPTUSCyril Combecyril.combe@calyptus.net | Tel. : +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68Attachment,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,positive,0.52,0.44,0.04,True,English,"['INTERIM DIVIDEND', 'COIL', '€1 PAID', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Chief Executive Officer tim', 'natural, protective oxide layer', 'First half 2022 results', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Cyril Combe cyril', 'gross annual yield', 'ALOXIDE brand name', 'Tim Hutton', 'INTERIM DIVIDEND', 'financial year', 'leading anodiser', 'industrial sectors', 'electrochemical process', 'UV-proof finishes', 'excellent resistance', 'functional qualities', 'ecological properties', 'high rigidity', 'excellent strength', 'weight ratio', 'magnetic properties', 'exceptional resistance', 'simple re-melting', 'wide variety', 'automotive sector', 'industrial model', 'unique know-how', 'operational excellence', 'world leader', 'general meeting', 'Anodised aluminium', 'share price', 'Contact COIL', 'coil.be', 'aluminium anodising', '00 gross', '€1 PAID', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Brussels', '45pm', 'line', 'decision', 'shareholder', 'figures', 'last', '31 December', 'amount', 'Agenda', '31 October', 'close', 'trading', 'building', 'trades', 'electrolysis', 'surface', 'range', 'metal', 'corrosion', 'industries', 'applications', 'architecture', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'value', 'quality', 'investments', 'expertise', 'people', '110 employees', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'turnover', 'Reuters', 'ALCOI', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'Story', 'information', 'Tel.', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '1 53']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/14/2516322/0/en/REPURCHASE-OF-SHARES.html,REPURCHASE OF SHARES,REPURCHASE OF SHARES   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders N.V. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 52 050 of its own shares in the......,REPURCHASE OF SHARESAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders N.V. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 52 050 of its own shares in the period from 8 September 2022 up to and including 14 September 2022 at an average price of €19.60.This is in accordance with the share buyback programme announced on 22 July 2022. The consideration of this purchase was €1.0 million.The total number of shares purchased under this programme to date is 179 752 shares at an average price of €19.85 for a total consideration of €3.6 million.2 969 847 shares were held in treasury as at 14 September 2022.Contact DetailsFlow Traders N.V.Jonathan Berger / Investor Relations OfficerPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders N.V. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders N.V. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5 (1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.07,negative,0.04,0.32,0.64,True,English,"['REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider', 'Flow Traders N.V.', 'Flow Traders Flow Traders', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'significant business, economic', 'other asset classes', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'share buyback programme', 'intellectual property rights', 'other financial instruments', 'future business decisions', 'Flow Traders’ control', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'financial products', 'other factors', 'financial markets', 'Financial objectives', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Contact Details', 'Jonathan Berger', 'uninterrupted functioning', 'trading desks', 'major exchanges', 'entrepreneurial, innovative', 'team-oriented culture', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'investment advice', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'internal objectives', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'future performance', 'operational performance', 'total consideration', 'information purposes', 'investor marketing', 'competitive uncertainties', 'market circumstances', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '8 September', '14 September', 'accordance', '22 July', 'date', 'treasury', 'Phone', 'Email', 'flowtraders', 'ETPs', 'provision', 'investors', 'organization', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'beginning', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'assumptions', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics', 'contingencies']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000129.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Sep 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4622 £ 24.9173 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.15 % Estimated YTD return -2.53 % -1.53 % Estimated ITD return 184.62 % 149.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.8909 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8091The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000438.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Sep 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4622 £ 24.9173 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.15 % Estimated YTD return -2.53 % -1.53 % Estimated ITD return 184.62 % 149.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.8909 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8091The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharnext-findings-real-world-digital-065000754.html,Pharnext: Findings From 'Real-World' Digital Lifestyle Study  CMT&Me  on Symptom Burden of Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A Published in the Journal of Clinical Neuromuscular Disease,"Pharnext SA (FR0011191287:ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for...","PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / September 14  2022 / Pharnext SA (FR0011191287:ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces the publication of symptom burden findings of Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type1A (""CMT1A"") from the ‘Real-World' Digital Lifestyle Study  CMT&Me  in the Journal of Clinical Neuromuscular Disease (""JCNMD"").CMT&Me is a real-world  observational  non-interventional  digital lifestyle study launched in October 2018 for a duration of 5 years  both in Europe and the US  where self-reported data from patients with CMT  all subtypes including CMT1A  are collected on a regular basis. The objective of the study is to better understand the impact of the disease on patients' daily lives and help them manage their condition and treatment  as well as raise awareness and assess the value of potential new treatments. This study is managed by the company Vitaccess in collaboration with patient advocacy groups and key opinion leaders in the field  with the support of Pharnext.The findings on patients with the 1A subtype of CMT (CMT1A) showed that patient-reported symptoms burden is high  with study participants' registering difficulties using limbs  fatigue  pain  and impaired quality of life. Burden severity appears to differ across the population  possibly driven by differences in rehabilitative and prescription-based interventions  and country-specific health care variability.Symptoms ranked with highest importance were weakness in the extremities  difficulty in walking  and fatigue. Almost half of study participants experienced a worsening of symptom severity following diagnosis. Anxiety and depression were each reported by over one-third of participants in the study and use of rehabilitative interventions  medications  and orthotics or walking aids was high.Florian P. Thomas  MD  PhD  Founding Chair & Professor  Department of Neurology  Hackensack University Medical Center & Hackensack Meridian School of Medicine (NJ  USA) and U.S. lead investigator of the PLEO-CMT trial said:""These first findings from the CMT&Me digital lifestyle help to better understand the consequences of this debilitating and progressive disease  for which there are currently no approved specific therapies  on patients' life. These data demonstrate the high unmet medical need in CMT1A caused by the symptoms' burden  are in line with previous natural history studies and provide more precise information for those following their disease progression  enabling more insightful conversations when meeting with their neurologists and caregivers. They also illustrate the need for education of patients and providers with the goal of empowering patients to advocate for their healthcare needs and for providers to be cognizant of the need for comprehensive interprofessional care over the entire disease course that connects patients to other professionals including rehab specialists  foot and ankle surgeons and health psychologists.""The article  titled  ""Patient-Reported Symptom Burden of Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A: Findings From an Observational Digital Lifestyle Study"" can be accessed online here .About the Digital Lifestyle Survey CMT&MeStarted in 2018 and conducted over a five-year period in the US and Europe  the CMT&Me digital lifestyle study enabled patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth diseases to report via an app how their condition affects their quality of life  including their day-to-day pain  mobility and ability to work. The study was managed by the company Vitaccess in collaboration with patient advocacy groups and key opinion leaders in the field  with the support of Pharnext.More information about the CMT&Me study on https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03782883About Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A (‘CMT1A')Charcot-Marie-Tooth (‘CMT') disease encompasses a heterogeneous group of inherited  severe  debilitating  progressive and chronic peripheral neuropathies. CMT1A  the most common type of CMT  is an orphan disease with a prevalence of 1/5000 people affecting about 150 000 people in Europe and the U.S. and about 1 500 000 people worldwide. The genetic mutation responsible for CMT1A is a duplication of the PMP22 gene coding for a peripheral myelin protein. The duplication of this gene results in overexpression of the PMP22 protein and failure of Schwann cells to produce normal myelin (neuronal sheath). The lack of a normal myelin structure and function leads to abnormal peripheral nerve conduction and axonal loss. As a result of peripheral nerve degradation  patients suffer from progressive muscle atrophy in both the legs and arms causing problems with walking  running and balance as well as abnormal hand functioning. They might also suffer from mild to moderate sensory disorders. First symptoms usually appear during adolescence and will progressively evolve throughout life. Patients with the most severe form of CMT1A end up in wheelchairs  representing at least 5% of cases. To date  no curative or symptomatic medications have been approved and treatment consists of supportive care such as orthotics  leg braces  physical and occupational therapy or surgery. More information can be found at https://pharnext.com/en/disease/charcot-marie-tooth .About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases that currently lack curative and/or disease-modifying treatments. Pharnext has two lead products in clinical development. PXT3003 completed an international Phase III trial with positive topline results for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (‘CMT1A') and benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003 in CMT1A  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing. PXT864 has generated encouraging Phase II results in Alzheimer's disease and will be advanced through partnerships. Both of Pharnext's lead assets originated from the Pleotherapy R&D approach. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011191287).ContactsDr. David Horn SolomonChief Executive Officercontact@pharnext.com+33 (0)1 41 09 22 30Media Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.comFinancial Communication (Europe)ActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 (0)6 21 10 49 24Media Relations (France)Ulysse CommunicationBruno Arabianbarabian@ulysse-communication.com+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26+33 (0)1 81 70 96 30SOURCE: PharnextView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/715918/Pharnext-Findings-From-Real-World-Digital-Lifestyle-Study-CMTMe-on-Symptom-Burden-of-Charcot-Marie-Tooth-Disease-Type-1A-Published-in-the-Journal-of-Clinical-Neuromuscular-Disease",neutral,0.01,0.85,0.14,mixed,0.06,0.19,0.75,True,English,"[""Real-World' Digital Lifestyle Study"", 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type', 'Clinical Neuromuscular Disease', 'CMT&Me', 'Symptom Burden', 'Pharnext', 'Findings', 'Journal', 'real-world, observational, non-interventional, digital lifestyle study', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'CMT&Me digital lifestyle study', ""Real-World' Digital Lifestyle Study"", 'Observational Digital Lifestyle Study', 'previous natural history studies', 'Hackensack University Medical Center', 'high unmet medical need', 'country-specific health care variability', 'abnormal peripheral nerve conduction', 'U.S. lead investigator', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A', 'Digital Lifestyle Survey', 'peripheral nerve degradation', 'Hackensack Meridian School', 'comprehensive interprofessional care', 'abnormal hand functioning', 'chronic peripheral neuropathies', 'potential new treatments', 'patient advocacy groups', 'key opinion leaders', 'Florian P. Thomas', 'moderate sensory disorders', 'progressive muscle atrophy', 'Clinical Neuromuscular Disease', 'entire disease course', 'peripheral myelin protein', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type1A', 'Patient-Reported Symptom Burden', 'normal myelin structure', 'CMT&Me study', 'patient-reported symptoms burden', 'severe, debilitating, progressive', 'symptom burden findings', '1A subtype', 'common type', 'progressive disease', 'health psychologists', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth diseases', 'symptom severity', 'Burden severity', ""symptoms' burden"", 'disease progression', 'orphan disease', 'PMP22 protein', 'severe form', 'study participants', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'regular basis', 'daily lives', 'prescription-based interventions', 'highest importance', 'Founding Chair', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'specific therapies', 'precise information', 'insightful conversations', 'healthcare needs', 'other professionals', 'rehab specialists', 'ankle surgeons', 'five-year period', 'More information', 'heterogeneous group', 'genetic mutation', 'Schwann cells', 'neuronal sheath', 'axonal loss', 'mild to', 'First symptoms', 'first findings', 'impaired quality', 'rehabilitative interventions', 'PMP22 gene', 'Pharnext SA', 'walking aids', '1/5000 people', ""patients' life"", '150,000 people', '1,500,000 people', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'September', 'ALPHA', 'publication', 'CMT1A', 'Journal', 'JCNMD', 'October', 'duration', '5 years', 'Europe', 'subtypes', 'objective', 'impact', 'condition', 'awareness', 'value', 'Vitaccess', 'collaboration', 'field', 'support', 'difficulties', 'limbs', 'fatigue', 'pain', 'population', 'differences', 'weakness', 'extremities', 'difficulty', 'half', 'worsening', 'diagnosis', 'Anxiety', 'depression', 'one-third', 'use', 'medications', 'orthotics', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'Department', 'Neurology', 'Medicine', 'NJ', 'USA', 'consequences', 'data', 'line', 'neurologists', 'caregivers', 'education', 'providers', 'goal', 'foot', 'article', 'app', 'day', 'mobility', 'clinicaltrials', 'show', 'prevalence', 'duplication', 'overexpression', 'failure', 'lack', 'result', 'legs', 'arms', 'problems', 'running', 'balance', 'adolescence', 'wheelchairs', 'cases']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sidetrade-net-profit-12-ongoing-153900514.html,Sidetrade : Net profit up +12% with ongoing substantial investment in the United States,First Half Year Results for 2022 New bookings up considerably: +42%58% of new bookings in the United States  a new growth driverRobust increase in Order-to...,SidetradeFirst Half Year Results for 2022New bookings up considerably: +42%58% of new bookings in the United States  a new growth driverRobust increase in Order-to-Cash SaaS subscriptions by +19% and revenue by +11%Net profit up +12% with ongoing substantial investment in the United StatesRock-solid financial position with enhanced liquiditySidetrade   the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today announces an increase in its net profit (+12%) against a background of ongoing investment in the United States.Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade commented:“This first half clearly validates our acceleration strategy kick-started in early 2021. In fact  we just achieved the best half year in our history  regarding both our bookings and our ability to deliver high profitability whilst implementing a substantial investment policy  particularly in North America. We can now confirm that the United States represents a robust growth driver for the years ahead. Buoyed by sustained commercial momentum and the recognition of Sidetrade by Gartner® as one of three global Leaders for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash applications  North America already accounts for more than half of our business successes. These initial wins with American multinational corporations  in preference over the two other Order-to-Cash leaders  serve to strengthen our ambition. Sidetrade has what it takes to become the leading player in terms of acquiring new customers in a booming market where the inflationary environment further incentivizes companies to accelerate their cash generation. Sidetrade will naturally pursue its robust growth strategy while remaining committed to its development model which is supported by a firm balance between investments  growth and profitability.”New bookings up considerably: +42%In H1 2022  Sidetrade set a record for Order-to-Cash SaaS orders  which will generate an additional €3.04 million in Annual Recurring Revenue (“ARR”)  compared with €2.14 million in H1 2021; a +42% increase. The total value of these new subscription contracts over their initial contract periods (excluding renewals and services) represents €9.95 million of Total Contract Value (“TCV”) in H1 2022 versus €6.32 million in H1 2021  a +57% increase.To these SaaS bookings should be added €1.77 million of services on an annual basis (implementation  configuration  training  recurring services  etc.)  compared with €1.37 million in H1 2021  a +29% increase. In total and considering that almost all of these services will be invoiced over the next twelve months  H1 2022 enables Sidetrade to add the equivalent of €4.81 million in Annual Contract Value (“ACV”) compared to €3.51 million in H1 2021  a +37% increase.Story continuesThe initial contract period for new customers (excluding renewals) rose to 44 months  compared with 36 months in the previous fiscal year. This length of contract period further illustrates outsourcers’ trust in Sidetrade solutions and increases visibility over future revenue. It should be noted that as with all existing contracts  these new contracts include an annual automatic price re-indexation clause based on changes in price indices for the relevant country.58% of new bookings in the United States  a new growth driverIn H1 2022  international orders represented more than 74% of all bookings.Sidetrade outperformed its targets in North America (to achieve more than one-third of its bookings in the region by H2 2022) with 58% of bookings originating in the United States  just one year after operations were launched in this region. The Company signed significant contracts with large American corporations such as a strategic IT services giant in Q1 2022 (see press release here ) and Insight Enterprises (see press release here ) in Q2 2022.Overall  in H1 2022  bookings by new customers (“New Business”) accounted for 68% of the total versus 55% on average in recent quarters. Cross-selling represented 13% of total bookings  with the remaining 19% of bookings accounted for Upselling of additional modules to existing customers.The United States has also notably impacted the average size of new contracts (excluding Upselling). Whereas in H1 2021  the average totaled €81 000 per year of subscription (ARR)  it will amount to €190 000 per year of subscription in H2 2022.Businesses must be prepared to respond to the inflationary environment and face a twofold challenge: consolidate their cash reserves  and generate productivity gains to address salary increases and recruitment difficulties. This trend is expected to continue over the next 12 to 24 months with an increased risk of future recession  notably linked to multiple hikes in interest rates. In this context  the management of operating working capital  and particularly accounts receivable  is a major challenge for businesses.Robust increase in Order-to-Cash SaaS subscriptions by +19% and revenue by +11%Sidetrade(€m) H1 2022 H1 2021 Change ‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities 17.3 14.8 +17% of which SaaS Subscriptions 14.3 12.1 +19% ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities 0.5 1.3 -61% Revenue 17.8 16.1 +11% Operating profit 2.4 2.2 +12% Net profit 2.3 2.1 +12%2022 accounts have been audited and will be certified after the finalization of procedures required for the annual financial report.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities grew very sharply by +17% in H1 2022  driven by 19% growth in SaaS subscriptions. The growth in this recurring revenue is the result of record bookings in the 2021 fiscal year  which will continue to impact revenue growth throughout the 2022 fiscal year.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities  a core business within the Company’s strategy since 2019  now represent 97% of total revenue in H1 2022.The ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities  which have become secondary to Sidetrade’s activities  now account for only 3% of total revenue in this half year and will continue to play a less prominent role commercially  with estimated revenue of €0.9 million at end-2022.Total revenue grew by 11% in H1 2022  to €17.8 million. This performance is supported by solid growth drivers in international markets which now represent 51% of total revenue  including 21% for North America.Sidetrade’s economic model provides its business with significant resilience  as 91% of its revenue is recurring  representing a significant advantage in the current and future environment.All of these multi-year contracts are indexed to inflation (the Syntec for Southern Europe  the UK CPI for Northern Europe and the US CPI for the United States)  which alters the total price of SaaS subscriptions each year by reference to changes in these price indices.Sidetrade therefore has A robust pricing power that protects the Company’s future revenue against uncertainties and inflationary pressures. At present  Sidetrade perfectly combines its sound fundamentals with a highly favorable growth outlook.Net profit up +12% with ongoing substantial investment in the United StatesIn H1 2022  Sidetrade’s operating profit increased by 12% to €2.4 million  due to increased revenue and the leverage of the SaaS model.This excellent performance is owing to growth in the gross margin of €1.5 million to €14.2 million (vs. €12.8 million for the same period last year); this amounts to 80% of revenue (vs. 79% in H1 2021) with a rate of 93% on SaaS subscriptions alone.During this period  Sidetrade increased its investments by 20% (i.e.  an additional €2.3 million)  mainly in the development of commercial operations in the US (€1.8 million).In addition  operating profit includes a French Research tax credit of €1.3 million (vs. €0.9 million in H1 2021)  an innovation subsidy of €0.5 million as well as activation of R&D for €0.17 million (vs. €0.1 million in H1 2021).As a result of this momentum  net profit reached €2.3 million  up 12%  demonstrating that investing is not incompatible with growth and profitability.Solid financial position with enhanced liquidityOn June 30  2022  Sidetrade’s financial structure continued to strengthen with a high cash position at €22.4 million  versus €18 million on December 31  2021. Moreover  Sidetrade holds 85 000 of its own shares  for an estimated value of €10.8 million  as of June 30  2022.Sidetrade has a €13 million line of credit  subsequent to the acquisition of Amalto in April 2021 for this amount (fixed rate at 1.1%).On the back of its H1 2022 performance  the Group’s management is confident in Sidetrade’s ability to deliver double-digit growth in the 2022 fiscal year.Next financial announcementThird Quarter Revenue for 2022: October 18  2022  after the stock market closesInvestor relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4 600 million worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 250 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Biffa  Saint Gobain  Air Liquide  Inmarsat  Insight Enterprises and Bidfood.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.16,0.79,0.05,mixed,0.38,0.19,0.43,True,English,"['ongoing substantial investment', 'Net profit', 'United States', 'Sidetrade', 'annual automatic price re-indexation clause', 'strategic IT services giant', 'First Half Year Results', 'Rock-solid financial position', 'sustained commercial momentum', 'American multinational corporations', 'large American corporations', 'operating working capital', 'Annual Contract Value', 'substantial investment policy', 'three global Leaders', 'initial contract periods', 'previous fiscal year', 'ongoing substantial investment', 'robust growth driver', 'next twelve months', 'next 12 to 24 months', 'best half year', 'new growth driver', 'global AI-powered Order', 'two other Order', 'Cash SaaS platform', 'robust growth strategy', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'Cash SaaS subscriptions', 'Total Contract Value', 'The United States', 'new subscription contracts', 'price indices', 'annual basis', 'ongoing investment', 'initial wins', 'Cash leaders', 'acceleration strategy', 'SaaS orders', 'The Company', 'total value', 'new contracts', 'recurring services', 'new customers', 'New Business', 'existing contracts', 'significant contracts', 'Cash applications', 'cash generation', 'cash reserves', 'Net profit', 'enhanced liquidity', 'Olivier Novasque', 'North America', 'Integrated Invoice', 'business successes', 'leading player', 'booming market', 'inflationary environment', 'development model', 'firm balance', 'SaaS bookings', 'outsourcers’ trust', 'relevant country', 'international orders', 'press release', 'Insight Enterprises', 'recent quarters', 'additional modules', 'existing customers', 'twofold challenge', 'productivity gains', 'salary increases', 'recruitment difficulties', 'future recession', 'multiple hikes', 'interest rates', 'accounts receivable', 'major challenge', 'Robust increase', 'future revenue', 'New bookings', 'high profitability', 'average size', 'total bookings', 'Sidetrade solutions', 'H1 2021 Change', '44 months', '36 months', '+42% increase', '+57% increase', '+29% increase', '+37% increase', 'H1 2022', 'background', 'CEO', 'early', 'fact', 'history', 'years', 'recognition', 'Gartner®', 'preference', 'ambition', 'terms', 'companies', 'investments', 'record', 'ARR', 'renewals', 'TCV', 'implementation', 'configuration', 'training', 'equivalent', 'ACV', 'length', 'visibility', 'changes', 'targets', 'one-third', 'region', 'H2', 'operations', 'Q1', 'Q2', 'Cross-selling', 'Upselling', 'Businesses', 'trend', 'risk', 'context', 'management', 'Activities', 'Sales', 'Marketing']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/13/2515525/0/en/Stellantis-and-General-Motors-to-Execute-a-Share-Repurchase-Transaction.html,Stellantis and General Motors to Execute a Share Repurchase Transaction,Stellantis and General Motors to Execute a Share Repurchase Transaction  AMSTERDAM  Sept. 13  2022 – Stellantis N.V. and General Motors Holdings LLC  a......,Stellantis and General Motors to Execute a Share Repurchase TransactionAMSTERDAM  Sept. 13  2022 – Stellantis N.V. and General Motors Holdings LLC  a subsidiary of General Motors Company (“GM”) have executed a share repurchase agreement (“SRA”) related to the 69.1 million common shares in Stellantis  representing approximately 2.2% of Stellantis’ share capital (on a diluted basis)  that GM is entitled to receive upon the exercise of equity warrants (the “Warrants”) originally issued by Peugeot S.A. (“PSA”) to GM in 2017.The Warrants were issued to GM as part of the purchase by PSA of the Opel Vauxhall automotive business. Upon exercise of the Warrants  Stellantis will also deliver to GM approximately 1.2 million common shares of Faurecia and an aggregate cash amount of approximately EUR130 million for rights to dividends paid by PSA and Stellantis.Pursuant to the SRA  the issue and the repurchase of Stellantis common shares will both occur on September 15. The purchase price paid by Stellantis for the common shares will amount  in total  to EUR 923 247 678 (such amount is based on the volume-weighted average price of one Stellantis common share on the regulated market of Euronext in Milan over the last five trading days).This purchase of Stellantis common shares by Stellantis from GM will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of April 13  2022.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com .@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comValérie GILLOT + 33 6 83 92 92 96 - valerie.gillot@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL + 33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Share Repurchase Transaction', 'General Motors', 'Stellantis', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'last five trading days', 'General Motors Holdings LLC', 'Opel Vauxhall automotive business', 'one Stellantis common share', 'General Motors Company', '69.1 million common shares', '1.2 million common shares', 'Share Repurchase Transaction', 'share repurchase agreement', 'volume-weighted average price', 'Peugeot S.A.', 'aggregate cash amount', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'comValérie GILLOT', 'Stellantis’ share capital', 'Stellantis common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'general meeting', 'Citroën', 'diluted basis', 'regulated market', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'purchase price', 'equity warrants', 'The Warrants', 'Euronext Paris', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'AMSTERDAM', 'subsidiary', 'GM', 'SRA', 'exercise', 'PSA', 'part', 'Faurecia', 'rights', 'dividends', 'issue', 'September', 'total', 'Milan', 'authority', 'April', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Ram', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/14/2516259/0/en/New-Job-Opportunities-for-Software-Engineers-in-Cluj-at-Leading-ESG-Software-Provider-Wolters-Kluwer-Enablon-s-Newest-Office.html,New Job Opportunities for Software Engineers in Cluj at Leading ESG Software Provider Wolters Kluwer Enablon’s Newest Office,Research and Development Center to accelerate Enablon’s continued innovation and impact toward creating a responsible  productive and safe world Research and Development Center to accelerate Enablon’s continued innovation and impact toward creating a responsi…,CLUJ-NAPOCA  Romania  Sept. 14  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Software engineers looking to help create a better world through innovative technology now have the opportunity to join the global team of leading software provider Enablon. New job openings are available in Cluj  Romania  as Wolters Kluwer Enablon continues to accelerate innovation with its office there. With its newest technology hub  Enablon – a global leader in software solutions for ESG (Environmental  Social and Corporate Governance); GRC (Governance  Risk Management  and Compliance); EHSQ (Environment  Health  Safety  and Quality); and ORM (Operational Risk Management) – is expanding on Wolters Kluwer’s presence in Cluj.“Enablon and Cluj are a perfect pair ” says Tudor Ziman  Director of Product Software Engineering  Wolters Kluwer Enablon. “Cluj is one of the world’s dynamic information technology and communications centers  with a rich environment of top-notch software engineers and thousands of talented university graduates eager to make an impact on the world.”Industry-leading softwareThe Enablon Vision Platform – now live with Version 9.4 – empowers organizations to collaborate in a new way to manage risk and builds on a foundation that’s designed to deliver a comprehensive 360-degree view of risk. It’s how Enablon delivers deep impact where it matters most.Adds Ziman: “Enablon is an industry pioneer and award-winning SaaS provider  recognized around the world for delivering innovative and industry-leading risk management solutions. The wealth of knowledge and experience in this region will accelerate our development and expansion as we continue to build out our industry-leading solutions.”Hundreds of industry-leading enterprises and millions of users worldwide rely on Enablon’s solutions to reduce environmental impact  minimize risks  increase worker safety  prevent incidents from happening  and achieve regulatory compliance.Talented and dedicated team“By joining our highly skilled and diverse global Enablon team  our colleagues in Cluj also have the unique opportunity to play an integral role in forming the workplace culture at our newest office ” says Ziman. “We are looking to welcome team members in Cluj who are eager to help establish an open and collaborative environment focused on building the teams for our next generation of Data Services and Mobile experience.”Enablon’s Research and Development hub in Cluj expands the team of software experts in offices in France  The Netherlands  and Chicago.For additional information about Enablon in Cluj  including photos of the office and a fact sheet  click here for the media kit. To view current job openings  click here. Also  visit the Enablon website  and follow the team on LinkedIn and Twitter.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Contact:Astrid Greve-SpencerGlobal Director  Corporate Affairs and CommunicationsWolters Kluwer EnablonM: +1.708.427.8429E: astrid.greve@wolterskluwer.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Leading ESG Software Provider', 'New Job Opportunities', 'Wolters Kluwer Enablon', 'Software Engineers', 'Newest Office', 'Cluj', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'The Enablon Vision Platform', 'diverse global Enablon team', 'industry-leading risk management solutions', 'comprehensive 360-degree view', 'award-winning SaaS provider', 'current job openings', 'New job openings', 'leading software provider', 'Product Software Engineering', 'Operational Risk Management', 'talented university graduates', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'top-notch software engineers', 'newest technology hub', 'dynamic information technology', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer Enablon', 'Industry-leading software', 'industry-leading solutions', 'software solutions', 'new way', 'industry-leading enterprises', 'specialized technology', 'global team', 'global leader', 'software experts', 'deep impact', 'expert solutions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative technology', 'perfect pair', 'rich environment', 'industry pioneer', 'dedicated team', 'integral role', 'workplace culture', 'team members', 'collaborative environment', 'next generation', 'Development hub', 'additional information', 'fact sheet', 'media kit', 'professional information', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contact', 'Astrid Greve-Spencer', 'Corporate Affairs', 'Enablon website', 'Global Director', 'The Netherlands', 'newest office', 'environmental impact', 'communications centers', 'worker safety', 'unique opportunity', 'Mobile experience', 'Corporate Governance', 'Tudor Ziman', 'regulatory compliance', 'Data Services', 'CLUJ-NAPOCA', 'Romania', 'world', 'innovation', 'ESG', 'Social', 'GRC', 'EHSQ', 'Health', 'Quality', 'presence', 'thousands', 'Version', 'organizations', 'foundation', 'wealth', 'region', 'expansion', 'Hundreds', 'millions', 'users', 'risks', 'incidents', 'skilled', 'colleagues', 'teams', 'Research', 'offices', 'France', 'Chicago', 'photos', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'WKL', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Facebook', 'YouTube']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/14/2516243/0/en/COIL-INTERIM-DIVIDEND-OF-1-PAID-OUT-ON-SEPTEMBER-30.html,COIL: INTERIM DIVIDEND OF €1 PAID OUT ON SEPTEMBER 30,INTERIM DIVIDEND OF €1 PAID OUT ON SEPTEMBER 30  Brussels  14 September 2022 (5.45pm) - COIL  the world leader for aluminium anodising  is announcing...,French English DutchINTERIM DIVIDEND OF €1 PAID OUT ON SEPTEMBER 30Brussels  14 September 2022 (5.45pm) - COIL  the world leader for aluminium anodising  is announcing that the interim dividend of EUR 1.00 gross per share will be paid out on September 30  in line with the decision taken today by the shareholder’s general meeting.The meeting decided to distribute an interim dividend to the shareholders based on the figures of the last completed financial year (being the financial year closed on 31 December 2021) for an amount of EUR 1.00 gross per share.With a share price of EUR 9 on September 7  2022  this interim dividend corresponds to a gross annual yield of 11.1%.Agenda31 October 2022 First half 2022 results (after close of trading)About COILCOIL is the world's leading anodiser in the building and industrial sectors and trades under the ALOXIDE brand name.Anodising is an electrochemical process (electrolysis) which develops a natural  protective oxide layer on the surface of aluminium and can be coloured in a range of UV-proof finishes. It gives the metal excellent resistance to corrosion and/or reinforces its functional qualities. Anodising preserves all the natural and ecological properties of aluminium; it retains its high rigidity and excellent strength-to-weight ratio  its non-magnetic properties  its exceptional resistance to corrosion. The metal remains totally and repeatedly recyclable through simple re-melting. Anodised aluminium is used in a wide variety of industries and applications: architecture  design  manufacturing and the automotive sector.COIL deploys an industrial model that creates value by leveraging its unique know-how  its operational excellence  the quality of its investments and the expertise of its people. COIL has around 110 employees in Belgium and Germany and generated a turnover of around €25 million in 2021.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris | Isin: BE0160342011 | Reuters: ALCOI.PA | Bloomberg: ALCOI: FPFor more information  please visit www.aloxide.comContactCOILTim Hutton | Chief Executive Officertim.hutton@coil.be | Tel. : +32 (0)11 88 01 88 CALYPTUSCyril Combecyril.combe@calyptus.net | Tel. : +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68Attachment,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,positive,0.5,0.48,0.02,True,English,"['INTERIM DIVIDEND', 'COIL', '€1 PAID', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Chief Executive Officer tim', 'natural, protective oxide layer', 'French English Dutch', 'gross annual yield', 'First half 2022 results', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Cyril Combe cyril', 'ALOXIDE brand name', 'Tim Hutton', 'INTERIM DIVIDEND', 'financial year', 'leading anodiser', 'industrial sectors', 'electrochemical process', 'UV-proof finishes', 'excellent resistance', 'functional qualities', 'ecological properties', 'high rigidity', 'excellent strength', 'weight ratio', 'magnetic properties', 'exceptional resistance', 'simple re-melting', 'wide variety', 'automotive sector', 'industrial model', 'unique know-how', 'operational excellence', 'world leader', 'general meeting', 'Anodised aluminium', 'share price', 'Contact COIL', 'coil.be', 'aluminium anodising', '€1 PAID', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Brussels', '45pm', 'line', 'decision', 'shareholder', 'figures', 'last', '31 December', 'amount', 'Agenda', '31 October', 'close', 'trading', 'building', 'trades', 'electrolysis', 'surface', 'range', 'metal', 'corrosion', 'industries', 'applications', 'architecture', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'value', 'quality', 'investments', 'expertise', 'people', '110 employees', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'turnover', 'Reuters', 'ALCOI', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'information', 'Tel.', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '00']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/coinshares-announces-plans-for-physical-ethereum-etp-during-and-after-the-merge-878234404.html,CoinShares announces plans for Physical Ethereum ETP during and after the Merge,"SAINT HELIER  Jersey  Sept. 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- CoinShares (""the Company"") (Nasdaq First North Growth Market: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF)  Europe's leading full-service digital asset investment and trading group has today announced how CoinShares Digital Securi…","SAINT HELIER  Jersey  Sept. 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- CoinShares (""the Company"") (Nasdaq First North Growth Market: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF)  Europe's leading full-service digital asset investment and trading group has today announced how CoinShares Digital Securities Limited (""CSDS"" or the ""Issuer"") the wholly owned subsidiary and Issuer of the CoinShares Physical range of Exchange-Traded Products (ETPs) is planning to deal with the upcoming merge in the Ethereum network.The affected security  CoinShares Physical Ethereum  is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange  Xetra in Germany  and Euronext in France and the Netherlands.CoinShares Physical EthereumTickers: ETHE / CETHISIN: GB00BLD4ZM24WKN: A3GQ2NThe Issuer has been closely following the developments in the Ethereum protocol  with respect to both the proposed move (the ""Merge"") to a Proof of Stake consensus network (the ""ETHPoS"") as well as the proposed fork (the ""Fork"") of the existing Proof of Work consensus network (the ""ETHPoW""). As a result of the Fork  the Issuer understands that a new Digital Currency (""ETHW"") will be created and distributed pro rata to all holders of the existing Ether Digital Currency (ETH).The Fork will constitute a Fork Event for the purposes of the Conditions. The Issuer expects  to the extent possible  to share the ETHW with Security Holders of CoinShares Physical Ethereum pursuant to Condition 15.4 of the Conditions of the Digital Securities. However  the Issuer notes (i) that the markets for both ETHW and ETH may experience significant price volatility during the Merge  and (ii) that the new protocol for ETHW may experience risks associated with the stability of the technology underpinning the protocol as well as risks to the adoption of ETHW among exchanges and custodians. As a result  the Issuer will continue to monitor the situation for ETHW  with a focus on the timing  adoption and viability of the new protocol and underlying digital currency before finalising any approach to a distribution associated with a Fork Event.Terms used in this announcement and not otherwise defined bear the same meanings as used in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated April 20  2022.About the CoinShares GroupCoinShares is a leading full-service digital asset investment and trading group that delivers a broad range of financial services across investment management  trading  securities and consumer products to a wide array of clients that includes corporations  financial institutions and individuals. The firm is headquartered in Jersey  with offices in France  Stockholm  the UK and the US. CoinShares is regulated by the JFSC  AMF and FINRA. CoinShares is publicly listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market under the ticker CS and the OTCQX under the ticker CNSRF.To learn more about CoinShares  please visit: www.coinshares.comCoinShares Media ContactJay Morakis+1 646 859 5951press@coinshares.comCertified AdvisorMangold Fondkommission AB+46 (0)8 503 015 50ca@mangold.seLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1502126/CoinShares_Logo.jpgSOURCE CoinShares Group",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Physical Ethereum ETP', 'CoinShares', 'plans', 'Merge', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'Certified Advisor Mangold Fondkommission AB', 'leading full-service digital asset investment', 'existing Ether Digital Currency', 'CoinShares Physical Ethereum Tickers', 'CoinShares Digital Securities Limited', 'underlying digital currency', 'new Digital Currency', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'significant price volatility', 'Stake consensus network', 'Work consensus network', 'CoinShares Media Contact', 'CoinShares Physical range', 'SOURCE CoinShares Group', 'investment management', 'Ethereum network', 'Ethereum protocol', 'existing Proof', 'broad range', 'new protocol', 'SAINT HELIER', 'Exchange-Traded Products', 'GB00BLD4ZM24 WKN', 'same meanings', 'base prospectus', 'financial services', 'consumer products', 'wide array', 'financial institutions', 'Jay Morakis', 'trading group', 'The Fork', 'Fork Event', 'upcoming merge', 'The Issuer', 'US OTCQX', 'Security Holders', 'Jersey', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'CS', 'CNSRF', 'Europe', 'subsidiary', 'ETPs', 'Xetra', 'Germany', 'Euronext', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'CETH', 'ISIN', 'A3GQ2N', 'developments', 'respect', 'move', 'ETHPoS', 'ETHPoW', 'result', 'ETHW', 'purposes', 'Conditions', 'extent', 'markets', 'risks', 'stability', 'technology', 'adoption', 'exchanges', 'custodians', 'situation', 'focus', 'timing', 'viability', 'approach', 'distribution', 'Terms', 'announcement', 'clients', 'corporations', 'individuals', 'firm', 'offices', 'Stockholm', 'UK', 'JFSC', 'AMF', 'FINRA', 'Logo']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,prnewswire.co.uk
9950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/14/2515584/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Sep 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4622 £ 24.9173 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.15 % Estimated YTD return -2.53 % -1.53 % Estimated ITD return 184.62 % 149.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.8909 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8091The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/14/2515582/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Sep 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4622 £ 24.9173 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.15 % Estimated YTD return -2.53 % -1.53 % Estimated ITD return 184.62 % 149.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.8909 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8091The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rigzone.com/news/tullow_to_delist_ordinary_shares_from_euronext_dublin-14-sep-2022-170354-article/,Tullow To Delist Ordinary Shares From Euronext Dublin,Tullow Oil has filed an application to Euronext Dublin for delisting its ordinary shares from the market.,"Tullow Oil has decided to delist its ordinary shares of 10p each from the secondary listing segment of the Official List of Euronext Dublin. The company filed an application with Euronext Dublin on Monday  September 12  2022. It is also looking to cancel trading of those shares from the main securities market of Euronext Dublin.Tullow will continue to remain listed on the premium listing segment of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and the First Official List of the Ghana Stock Exchange  and each of those listings will not be impacted by the delisting from Euronext Dublin.It is anticipated the delisting will simplify compliance and regulatory obligations of Tullow and is in line with an overall objective to reduce central costs and its purpose.Any delisting of Tullow's ordinary shares from the Irish market is subject to the approval of Euronext Dublin. It is anticipated that the delisting will take effect on or around October 10  2022.The company has also just released its financial results for the first half of the year  posting a profit after tax of $264 million  up from the $93 million reported in the first six months of last year.""The turnaround of Tullow has gained momentum in the first half of 2022  with solid production from our West African portfolio driving stronger financial performance. We added material  unhedged production in Ghana through the pre-emption of the Kosmos-Oxy deal  and took over the Operations & Maintenance (O&M) of the Jubilee FPSO to ensure that we can sustain the good operating performance and deliver further operating cost improvements. Our drilling program has been very efficient and at current performance levels we will be able to deliver our planned program of wells through next year with just one rig ” stressed Rahul Dhir  Chief Executive Officer  Tullow Oil.To contact the author  email andreson.n.paul@gmail.com",neutral,0.03,0.57,0.4,mixed,0.45,0.28,0.27,True,English,"['Ordinary Shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Tullow', 'secondary listing segment', 'premium listing segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'West African portfolio', 'good operating performance', 'operating cost improvements', 'current performance levels', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'stronger financial performance', 'first six months', 'Ghana Stock Exchange', 'main securities market', 'First Official List', 'Main Market', 'financial results', 'first half', 'Irish market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'regulatory obligations', 'overall objective', 'central costs', 'solid production', 'unhedged production', 'Kosmos-Oxy deal', 'O&M', 'Jubilee FPSO', 'one rig', 'Rahul Dhir', 'email andreson', 'ordinary shares', 'last year', 'next year', 'drilling program', 'Tullow Oil', '10p', 'company', 'application', 'Monday', 'September', 'trading', 'listings', 'delisting', 'compliance', 'line', 'purpose', 'approval', 'effect', 'October', 'profit', 'tax', 'turnaround', 'momentum', 'emption', 'Operations', 'Maintenance', 'wells', 'paul']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,rigzone.com
9953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/09/14/2516236/0/en/Sidetrade-Net-profit-up-12-with-ongoing-substantial-investment-in-the-United-States.html,Sidetrade : Net profit up +12% with ongoing substantial investment in the United States,First Half Year Results for 2022        New bookings up considerably: +42%58% of new bookings in the United States  a new growth driverRobust increase...,French EnglishFirst Half Year Results for 2022New bookings up considerably: +42%58% of new bookings in the United States  a new growth driverRobust increase in Order-to-Cash SaaS subscriptions by +19% and revenue by +11%Net profit up +12% with ongoing substantial investment in the United StatesRock-solid financial position with enhanced liquiditySidetrade   the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today announces an increase in its net profit (+12%) against a background of ongoing investment in the United States.Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade commented:“This first half clearly validates our acceleration strategy kick-started in early 2021. In fact  we just achieved the best half year in our history  regarding both our bookings and our ability to deliver high profitability whilst implementing a substantial investment policy  particularly in North America. We can now confirm that the United States represents a robust growth driver for the years ahead. Buoyed by sustained commercial momentum and the recognition of Sidetrade by Gartner® as one of three global Leaders for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash applications  North America already accounts for more than half of our business successes. These initial wins with American multinational corporations  in preference over the two other Order-to-Cash leaders  serve to strengthen our ambition. Sidetrade has what it takes to become the leading player in terms of acquiring new customers in a booming market where the inflationary environment further incentivizes companies to accelerate their cash generation. Sidetrade will naturally pursue its robust growth strategy while remaining committed to its development model which is supported by a firm balance between investments  growth and profitability.”New bookings up considerably: +42%In H1 2022  Sidetrade set a record for Order-to-Cash SaaS orders  which will generate an additional €3.04 million in Annual Recurring Revenue (“ARR”)  compared with €2.14 million in H1 2021; a +42% increase. The total value of these new subscription contracts over their initial contract periods (excluding renewals and services) represents €9.95 million of Total Contract Value (“TCV”) in H1 2022 versus €6.32 million in H1 2021  a +57% increase.To these SaaS bookings should be added €1.77 million of services on an annual basis (implementation  configuration  training  recurring services  etc.)  compared with €1.37 million in H1 2021  a +29% increase. In total and considering that almost all of these services will be invoiced over the next twelve months  H1 2022 enables Sidetrade to add the equivalent of €4.81 million in Annual Contract Value (“ACV”) compared to €3.51 million in H1 2021  a +37% increase.The initial contract period for new customers (excluding renewals) rose to 44 months  compared with 36 months in the previous fiscal year. This length of contract period further illustrates outsourcers’ trust in Sidetrade solutions and increases visibility over future revenue. It should be noted that as with all existing contracts  these new contracts include an annual automatic price re-indexation clause based on changes in price indices for the relevant country.58% of new bookings in the United States  a new growth driverIn H1 2022  international orders represented more than 74% of all bookings.Sidetrade outperformed its targets in North America (to achieve more than one-third of its bookings in the region by H2 2022) with 58% of bookings originating in the United States  just one year after operations were launched in this region. The Company signed significant contracts with large American corporations such as a strategic IT services giant in Q1 2022 (see press release here ) and Insight Enterprises (see press release here ) in Q2 2022.Overall  in H1 2022  bookings by new customers (“New Business”) accounted for 68% of the total versus 55% on average in recent quarters. Cross-selling represented 13% of total bookings  with the remaining 19% of bookings accounted for Upselling of additional modules to existing customers.The United States has also notably impacted the average size of new contracts (excluding Upselling). Whereas in H1 2021  the average totaled €81 000 per year of subscription (ARR)  it will amount to €190 000 per year of subscription in H2 2022.Businesses must be prepared to respond to the inflationary environment and face a twofold challenge: consolidate their cash reserves  and generate productivity gains to address salary increases and recruitment difficulties. This trend is expected to continue over the next 12 to 24 months with an increased risk of future recession  notably linked to multiple hikes in interest rates. In this context  the management of operating working capital  and particularly accounts receivable  is a major challenge for businesses.Robust increase in Order-to-Cash SaaS subscriptions by +19% and revenue by +11%Sidetrade(€m) H1 2022 H1 2021 Change ‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities 17.3 14.8 +17% of which SaaS Subscriptions 14.3 12.1 +19% ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities 0.5 1.3 -61% Revenue 17.8 16.1 +11% Operating profit 2.4 2.2 +12% Net profit 2.3 2.1 +12%2022 accounts have been audited and will be certified after the finalization of procedures required for the annual financial report.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities grew very sharply by +17% in H1 2022  driven by 19% growth in SaaS subscriptions. The growth in this recurring revenue is the result of record bookings in the 2021 fiscal year  which will continue to impact revenue growth throughout the 2022 fiscal year.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities  a core business within the Company’s strategy since 2019  now represent 97% of total revenue in H1 2022.The ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities  which have become secondary to Sidetrade’s activities  now account for only 3% of total revenue in this half year and will continue to play a less prominent role commercially  with estimated revenue of €0.9 million at end-2022.Total revenue grew by 11% in H1 2022  to €17.8 million. This performance is supported by solid growth drivers in international markets which now represent 51% of total revenue  including 21% for North America.Sidetrade’s economic model provides its business with significant resilience  as 91% of its revenue is recurring  representing a significant advantage in the current and future environment.All of these multi-year contracts are indexed to inflation (the Syntec for Southern Europe  the UK CPI for Northern Europe and the US CPI for the United States)  which alters the total price of SaaS subscriptions each year by reference to changes in these price indices.Sidetrade therefore has A robust pricing power that protects the Company’s future revenue against uncertainties and inflationary pressures. At present  Sidetrade perfectly combines its sound fundamentals with a highly favorable growth outlook.Net profit up +12% with ongoing substantial investment in the United StatesIn H1 2022  Sidetrade’s operating profit increased by 12% to €2.4 million  due to increased revenue and the leverage of the SaaS model.This excellent performance is owing to growth in the gross margin of €1.5 million to €14.2 million (vs. €12.8 million for the same period last year); this amounts to 80% of revenue (vs. 79% in H1 2021) with a rate of 93% on SaaS subscriptions alone.During this period  Sidetrade increased its investments by 20% (i.e.  an additional €2.3 million)  mainly in the development of commercial operations in the US (€1.8 million).In addition  operating profit includes a French Research tax credit of €1.3 million (vs. €0.9 million in H1 2021)  an innovation subsidy of €0.5 million as well as activation of R&D for €0.17 million (vs. €0.1 million in H1 2021).As a result of this momentum  net profit reached €2.3 million  up 12%  demonstrating that investing is not incompatible with growth and profitability.Solid financial position with enhanced liquidityOn June 30  2022  Sidetrade’s financial structure continued to strengthen with a high cash position at €22.4 million  versus €18 million on December 31  2021. Moreover  Sidetrade holds 85 000 of its own shares  for an estimated value of €10.8 million  as of June 30  2022.Sidetrade has a €13 million line of credit  subsequent to the acquisition of Amalto in April 2021 for this amount (fixed rate at 1.1%).On the back of its H1 2022 performance  the Group’s management is confident in Sidetrade’s ability to deliver double-digit growth in the 2022 fiscal year.Next financial announcementThird Quarter Revenue for 2022: October 18  2022  after the stock market closesInvestor relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4 600 million worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 250 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Biffa  Saint Gobain  Air Liquide  Inmarsat  Insight Enterprises and Bidfood.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.16,0.79,0.05,mixed,0.34,0.15,0.5,True,English,"['ongoing substantial investment', 'Net profit', 'United States', 'Sidetrade', 'annual automatic price re-indexation clause', 'strategic IT services giant', 'First Half Year Results', 'Rock-solid financial position', 'sustained commercial momentum', 'American multinational corporations', 'large American corporations', 'operating working capital', 'Annual Contract Value', 'substantial investment policy', 'three global Leaders', 'initial contract periods', 'previous fiscal year', 'ongoing substantial investment', 'robust growth driver', 'next twelve months', 'next 12 to 24 months', 'best half year', 'new growth driver', 'global AI-powered Order', 'two other Order', 'Cash SaaS platform', 'robust growth strategy', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'Total Contract Value', 'Cash SaaS subscriptions', 'The United States', 'new subscription contracts', 'price indices', 'annual basis', 'ongoing investment', 'initial wins', 'total value', 'Cash leaders', 'acceleration strategy', 'SaaS orders', 'The Company', 'new contracts', 'recurring services', 'new customers', 'New Business', 'existing contracts', 'significant contracts', 'Cash applications', 'cash generation', 'cash reserves', 'French English', 'Net profit', 'enhanced liquidity', 'Olivier Novasque', 'North America', 'Integrated Invoice', 'business successes', 'leading player', 'booming market', 'inflationary environment', 'development model', 'firm balance', 'SaaS bookings', 'outsourcers’ trust', 'relevant country', 'international orders', 'press release', 'Insight Enterprises', 'recent quarters', 'additional modules', 'existing customers', 'twofold challenge', 'productivity gains', 'salary increases', 'recruitment difficulties', 'future recession', 'multiple hikes', 'interest rates', 'accounts receivable', 'major challenge', 'Robust increase', 'future revenue', 'New bookings', 'high profitability', 'total bookings', 'Marketing’ Activities', 'average size', 'Sidetrade solutions', 'H1 2021 Change', '44 months', '36 months', '+42% increase', '+57% increase', '+29% increase', '+37% increase', 'H1 2022', 'background', 'CEO', 'early', 'fact', 'history', 'years', 'recognition', 'Gartner®', 'preference', 'ambition', 'terms', 'companies', 'investments', 'record', 'ARR', 'renewals', 'TCV', 'implementation', 'configuration', 'training', 'equivalent', 'ACV', 'length', 'visibility', 'changes', 'targets', 'one-third', 'region', 'H2', 'operations', 'Q1', 'Q2', 'Cross-selling', 'Upselling', 'Businesses', 'trend', 'risk', 'context', 'management', 'Sales']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,globenewswire.com
9954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.sspnet.org/community/news/brill-transforms-historische-anthropologie-to-open-access-in-collaboration-with-the-fwf/,Brill Transforms “Historische Anthropologie” to Open Access in Collaboration with the FWF,Leiden / Göttingen – September 13  2022 – Brill  the international scholarly publisher  is proud to announce the agreement with the Austrian Science Fund (FWF) which will transform the journal Historische Anthropologie/Historical Anthropology to full Open Acc…,Leiden / Göttingen – September 13  2022 – Brill  the international scholarly publisher  is proud to announce the agreement with the Austrian Science Fund (FWF) which will transform the journal Historische Anthropologie/Historical Anthropology to full Open Access by 2025.The agreement covers the conversion of the publication workflows to enable XML-based  digital-first publishing  as well as the implementation of an APC solution  which are a prerequisite to Open Access. In addition  it supports conversion of the complete backlist to full Open Access. This allows us to open up the complete journal archive  spanning 30 years of cutting-edge anthropological and historical research. These developments will result in the journal fully converting to Open Access by 2025 at the latest. The journal will comply with all requirements for Open Access as determined by Coalition S.“The FWF has always been at the forefront of adopting and accelerating Open Access ” comments Dr. Jasmin Lange  Chief Publishing Officer. “This funding program is a next step in the recognition that not just publishers  but all stakeholders in scholarly communication play an active role in the transition towards Open Access. We are proud that Historische Anthropologie has been selected and look forward to opening it up sustainably  so that it retains and increases its footprint in the community for the next 30 years at least.”For more information on this media alert contact Stephanie Veldman  Head of Open Research  via openaccess@brill.com.About Brill Founded in 1683 in Leiden  the Netherlands  Brill is a leading international academic publisher in the Humanities  Social Sciences  International Law  and Biology. With offices in the Netherlands  Germany  Austria  the USA and Asia  Brill today publishes more than 360 journals and 2 000 new books and reference works each year as well as a large number of databases and primary source research collections. Commitment to Open Access and the latest publishing technologies are at the core of Brill’s mission to make academic research available for the scholarly community worldwide. The company’s key customers are academic and research institutions  libraries  and scholars. Brill is a publicly traded company and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam NV. For further information  please visit brill.com.View this media alert online: https://brill.com/newsitem/391/brill-transforms-historische-anthropologie-to-open-access-in-collaboration-with-the-fwf,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Historische Anthropologie', 'Brill', 'Access', 'Collaboration', 'FWF', 'primary source research collections', 'leading international academic publisher', 'Austrian Science Fund', 'XML-based, digital-first publishing', 'Dr. Jasmin Lange', 'Chief Publishing Officer', 'latest publishing technologies', 'Euronext Amsterdam NV', 'international scholarly publisher', 'full Open Access', 'complete journal archive', 'International Law', 'academic research', 'Open Research', 'complete backlist', 'historical research', 'research institutions', 'scholarly communication', 'Göttingen', 'Historical Anthropology', 'publication workflows', 'APC solution', 'cutting-edge anthropological', 'Coalition S.', 'funding program', 'next step', 'active role', 'Historische Anthropologie', 'media alert', 'Stephanie Veldman', 'Social Sciences', '2,000 new books', 'reference works', 'large number', 'key customers', 'scholarly community', 'next 30 years', 'The FWF', 'Leiden', 'September', 'Brill', 'agreement', 'conversion', 'implementation', 'prerequisite', 'addition', 'developments', 'requirements', 'forefront', 'recognition', 'publishers', 'stakeholders', 'transition', 'footprint', 'information', 'Head', 'openaccess', 'Netherlands', 'Humanities', 'Biology', 'offices', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Asia', '360 journals', 'databases', 'Commitment', 'core', 'mission', 'company', 'libraries', 'scholars', 'newsitem', 'historische-anthropologie', 'collaboration']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,sspnet.org
9955,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/repurchase-shares-173000461.html,REPURCHASE OF SHARES,Flow Traders N.V. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 52 050 of its own shares in the period from 8 September 2022 up to and including 14 September 2022 at an average price of €19.60. This is in accordance with the share buyback programme announced on 22 July 2022.,Flow Traders NVREPURCHASE OF SHARESAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders N.V. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 52 050 of its own shares in the period from 8 September 2022 up to and including 14 September 2022 at an average price of €19.60.This is in accordance with the share buyback programme announced on 22 July 2022. The consideration of this purchase was €1.0 million.The total number of shares purchased under this programme to date is 179 752 shares at an average price of €19.85 for a total consideration of €3.6 million.2 969 847 shares were held in treasury as at 14 September 2022.Contact DetailsFlow Traders N.V.Jonathan Berger / Investor Relations OfficerPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders N.V. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.Story continuesThe information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders N.V. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5 (1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.07,mixed,0.08,0.32,0.6,True,English,"['REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider', 'Contact Details Flow Traders N.V.', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'significant business, economic', 'other asset classes', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'Flow Traders NV', 'share buyback programme', 'intellectual property rights', 'other financial instruments', 'future business decisions', 'Flow Traders’ control', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'Important Legal Information', 'financial products', 'other factors', 'financial markets', 'Financial objectives', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Jonathan Berger', 'uninterrupted functioning', 'trading desks', 'major exchanges', 'entrepreneurial, innovative', 'team-oriented culture', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'investment advice', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'internal objectives', 'legal obligation', 'looking statements', 'future performance', 'operational performance', 'total consideration', 'information purposes', 'investor marketing', 'competitive uncertainties', 'market circumstances', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '8 September', '14 September', 'accordance', '22 July', 'date', 'treasury', 'Phone', 'Email', 'flowtraders', 'ETPs', 'provision', 'investors', 'organization', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'beginning', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'Story', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'forward', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'assumptions', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics', 'contingencies']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9956,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2022/09/195971-fork-coinshares-reveals-plans-for-physical-ethereum-etp-traded-on-six-xetra-and-euronext/,Fork: Coinshares Reveals Plans for Physical Ethereum ETP  Traded on SIX  Xetra and EURONEXT,CoinShares (Nasdaq First North Growth Market: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF) has its plan to deal with the Merge. The Exchange-Traded Products (ETPs) CoinShares,CoinShares (Nasdaq First North Growth Market: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF) has its plan to deal with the Merge. The Exchange-Traded Products (ETPs) CoinShares,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Physical Ethereum ETP', 'Fork', 'Coinshares', 'Plans', 'SIX', 'Xetra', 'EURONEXT', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'The Exchange-Traded Products', 'US OTCQX', 'CoinShares', 'CS', 'CNSRF', 'plan', 'Merge', 'ETPs']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,crowdfundinsider.com
9957,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/advicenne-updates-availability-sibnayal-patients-050000712.html,Advicenne Updates on Availability of Sibnayal® to Patients and Caregivers in Great Britain,PARIS  September 14  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and commercializing ...,PARIS  September 14  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  is pleased to update about the market access of Sibnayal® in Great Britain. Sibnayal® is a combination of potassium citrate and potassium bicarbonate.Sibnayal® has been accepted for use within NHS Scotland. This positive decision by the Scottish Medicines Consortium (SMC) makes Sibnayal® immediately available to all Scottish distal Renal Tubular Acidosis (dRTA) patients as per the licensed indication. This decision validates the medical contribution of Sibnayal® and its favorable cost/benefit ratio in treating dRTA.In England  Advicenne has withdrawn its submission to the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). The current absence of long-term outcome data for dRTA patients precluded a robust health economic model to be provided to NICE. Therefore  in England  Advicenne will work directly with specialist centers to make Sibnayal® available to treat dRTA patients.Advicenne believes that the economic impact of this decision will be limited given the limited number of prescribers and hospitals requiring local access to Sibnayal®. In addition  Advicenne  within the framework of the European registry of patients suffering from dRTA  plans to collect data that will support a new submission to the NICE and provide the necessary long-term outcomes data.Didier Laurens  Chief Executive Officer of Advicenne  commented: « We are very pleased with the availability of Sibnayal® to patients and caregivers in Great Britain. The Scottish decision validates the major therapeutic contribution of our drug and our economic vision for the product. Regarding NICE  we are confident that we will be able to meet their health-economic requirements in the future. Most importantly  patients and caregivers in Great Britain now have access to a drug which will benefit their daily lives. This announcement is a new step in Sibnayal®’s European business network  the aim is to maintain maximum value either via Advicenne as is the case in Great Britain or commercial partnerships.»Story continuesSibnayal® ‘s availability for sale was announced in Great Britain in June 2022. Advicenne has set up the GB organization to support the commercial success of the product in terms of commercial  medical  and logistics.About AdvicenneAdvicenne (Euronext: ALDVI) is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in 2007  specializing in the development of innovative treatments in Nephrology. Its lead product Sibnayal® (ADV 7103) has received its Marketing Approval for distal renal tubular acidosis in EU and the UK. ADV 7103 is currently in late-stage development in cystinuria in Europe and in dRTA and cystinuria in the US and in Canada. Headquartered in Paris  Advicenne  listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange since 2017  has now been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since its transfer on March 30  2022. For additional information see: https://advicenne.com/.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Advicenne group and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Advicenne considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial market authority on April 29  2022 (a copy of which is available on www.advicenne.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets  and the markets in which Advicenne operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Advicenne or not currently considered material by Advicenne. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of Advicenne to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Advicenne expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220913006243/en/ContactsAdvicenneDidier Laurens  CEO+33 (0)1 87 44 40 17Email: investors@advicenne.comUlysse CommunicationMedia relationsBruno Arabian+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Email: barabian@ulysse-communication.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.24,0.4,True,English,"['Advicenne Updates', 'Great Britain', 'Availability', 'Sibnayal', 'Patients', 'Caregivers', 'Scottish distal Renal Tubular Acidosis', 'necessary long-term outcomes data', 'French financial market authority', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'robust health economic model', 'Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI', 'rare renal diseases', 'Scottish Medicines Consortium', 'long-term outcome data', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'favorable cost/benefit ratio', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'major therapeutic contribution', 'The Scottish decision', 'European business network', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'product candidate development', 'market access', 'financial conditions', 'medical contribution', 'economic impact', 'European registry', 'economic vision', 'economic conditions', 'financial markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'Great Britain', 'potassium citrate', 'potassium bicarbonate', 'NHS Scotland', 'licensed indication', 'National Institute', 'Care Excellence', 'current absence', 'specialist centers', 'limited number', 'Didier Laurens', 'health-economic requirements', 'daily lives', 'new step', 'maximum value', 'commercial partnerships', 'GB organization', 'commercial success', 'commercial, medical', 'Marketing Approval', 'additional information', 'press release', 'actual results', 'source version', 'Media relations', 'Bruno Arabian', 'positive decision', 'lead product', 'late-stage development', 'local access', 'new submission', 'numerous risks', 'Advicenne group', 'dRTA) patients', 'dRTA patients', 'Ulysse Communication', 'September', 'Sibnayal®', 'combination', 'use', 'SMC', 'England', 'NICE', 'prescribers', 'hospitals', 'framework', 'availability', 'caregivers', 'drug', 'future', 'announcement', 'aim', 'case', 'Story', 'sale', 'June', 'terms', 'logistics', 'Nephrology', 'UK', 'cystinuria', 'Canada', 'transfer', 'March', 'prospects', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'estimates', 'April', 'copy', 'occurrence', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'Email', 'investors', 'barabian', '6']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,finance.yahoo.com
9958,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2022/09/195898-broadridge-euronext-to-transform-proxy-voting-lifecycle-in-denmark/,Broadridge  Euronext to Transform Proxy Voting Lifecycle in Denmark,"Broadridge Financial Solutions ""commenced live operations of its new 'golden copy' event notification and direct vote execution service.""","Broadridge Financial Solutions ""commenced live operations of its new 'golden copy' event notification and direct vote execution service.""",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Proxy Voting Lifecycle', 'Broadridge', 'Euronext', 'Denmark', ""new 'golden copy' event notification"", 'direct vote execution service', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'live operations']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,crowdfundinsider.com
9959,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.news.yahoo.com/stellantis-general-motors-execute-share-215200195.html,Stellantis and General Motors to Execute a Share Repurchase Transaction,Stellantis and General Motors to Execute a Share Repurchase Transaction AMSTERDAM  Sept. 13  2022 – Stellantis N.V. and General Motors Holdings LLC  a subsidiary of General Motors Company (“GM”) have executed a share repurchase agreement (“SRA”) related to the 69.,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis and General Motors to Execute a Share Repurchase TransactionAMSTERDAM  Sept. 13  2022 – Stellantis N.V. and General Motors Holdings LLC  a subsidiary of General Motors Company (“GM”) have executed a share repurchase agreement (“SRA”) related to the 69.1 million common shares in Stellantis  representing approximately 2.2% of Stellantis’ share capital (on a diluted basis)  that GM is entitled to receive upon the exercise of equity warrants (the “Warrants”) originally issued by Peugeot S.A. (“PSA”) to GM in 2017.The Warrants were issued to GM as part of the purchase by PSA of the Opel Vauxhall automotive business. Upon exercise of the Warrants  Stellantis will also deliver to GM approximately 1.2 million common shares of Faurecia and an aggregate cash amount of approximately EUR130 million for rights to dividends paid by PSA and Stellantis.Pursuant to the SRA  the issue and the repurchase of Stellantis common shares will both occur on September 15. The purchase price paid by Stellantis for the common shares will amount  in total  to EUR 923 247 678 (such amount is based on the volume-weighted average price of one Stellantis common share on the regulated market of Euronext in Milan over the last five trading days).This purchase of Stellantis common shares by Stellantis from GM will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of April 13  2022.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com .Story continues@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comValérie GILLOT + 33 6 83 92 92 96 - valerie.gillot@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL + 33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Share Repurchase Transaction', 'General Motors', 'Stellantis', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'last five trading days', 'General Motors Holdings LLC', 'Opel Vauxhall automotive business', 'one Stellantis common share', 'General Motors Company', '69.1 million common shares', '1.2 million common shares', 'Share Repurchase Transaction', 'share repurchase agreement', 'volume-weighted average price', 'Stellantis’ share capital', 'Peugeot S.A.', 'aggregate cash amount', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'comValérie GILLOT', 'Stellantis common shares', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'mobility provider', 'general meeting', 'Citroën', 'diluted basis', 'regulated market', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'purchase price', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'equity warrants', 'The Warrants', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'AMSTERDAM', 'subsidiary', 'GM', 'SRA', 'exercise', 'PSA', 'part', 'Faurecia', 'rights', 'dividends', 'issue', 'September', 'total', 'Milan', 'authority', 'April', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Ram', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Story', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2022-09-13,2022-09-14,ca.news.yahoo.com
9960,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,In the last Euronext  as of Friday 09.09.23 -operators had strongly increased their net long position on wheat by… https://t.co/rUMpELftBO,nan,In the last Euronext  as of Friday 09.09.23 -operators had strongly increased their net long position on wheat by… https://t.co/rUMpELftBO,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['net long position', 'last Euronext', 'Friday', 'operators', 'wheat', 'rUMpELftBO', 'net long position', 'last Euronext', 'Friday', 'operators', 'wheat', 'rUMpELftBO']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9961,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Tullow Oil has filed an application to Euronext Dublin for delisting its ordinary shares from the market.… https://t.co/WVCeoNJAXf,nan,Tullow Oil has filed an application to Euronext Dublin for delisting its ordinary shares from the market.… https://t.co/WVCeoNJAXf,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Tullow Oil', 'Euronext Dublin', 'ordinary shares', 'application', 'market', 'WVCeoNJAXf', 'Tullow Oil', 'Euronext Dublin', 'ordinary shares', 'application', 'market', 'WVCeoNJAXf']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9962,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Fork: Coinshares Reveals Plans For Physical Ethereum ETP  Traded On SIX  Xetra And EURONEXT - Crowdfund  Crowdfund… https://t.co/0yvNWMQ8jO,nan,Fork: Coinshares Reveals Plans For Physical Ethereum ETP  Traded On SIX  Xetra And EURONEXT - Crowdfund  Crowdfund… https://t.co/0yvNWMQ8jO,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Physical Ethereum ETP', 'Coinshares Reveals', 'Crowdfund\xa0\xa0Crowdfund', 'Fork', 'Plans', 'SIX', 'Xetra', 'EURONEXT', '0yvNWMQ8jO', 'Physical Ethereum ETP', 'Coinshares Reveals', 'Crowdfund\xa0\xa0Crowdfund', 'Fork', 'Plans', 'SIX', 'Xetra', 'EURONEXT', '0yvNWMQ8jO']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9963,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Tullow Oil has filed an application to Euronext Dublin for delisting its ordinary shares from the market. Tullow To… https://t.co/9UkhJqrOBw,nan,Tullow Oil has filed an application to Euronext Dublin for delisting its ordinary shares from the market. Tullow To… https://t.co/9UkhJqrOBw,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.15,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.15,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin', 'ordinary shares', 'Tullow Oil', 'application', 'market', '9UkhJqrOBw', 'Euronext Dublin', 'ordinary shares', 'Tullow Oil', 'application', 'market', '9UkhJqrOBw']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9964,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Financial investors extend net long position in Euronext wheat https://t.co/eVRL3qbREn,nan,Financial investors extend net long position in Euronext wheat https://t.co/eVRL3qbREn,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['net long position', 'Financial investors', 'Euronext wheat', 'eVRL3qbREn', 'net long position', 'Financial investors', 'Euronext wheat', 'eVRL3qbREn']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9965,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Fork: Coinshares Reveals Plans for Physical Ethereum ETP  Traded on SIX  Xetra and EURONEXT https://t.co/niz9yPezHJ,nan,Fork: Coinshares Reveals Plans for Physical Ethereum ETP  Traded on SIX  Xetra and EURONEXT https://t.co/niz9yPezHJ,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Physical Ethereum ETP', 'Fork', 'Coinshares', 'Plans', 'SIX', 'Xetra', 'EURONEXT', 'niz9yPezHJ', 'Physical Ethereum ETP', 'Fork', 'Coinshares', 'Plans', 'SIX', 'Xetra', 'EURONEXT', 'niz9yPezHJ']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9966,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Fork: Coinshares Reveals Plans for Physical Ethereum ETP  Traded on SIX  Xetra and EURONEXT https://t.co/ylRQ0pRBel https://t.co/RszmiXmFLS,nan,Fork: Coinshares Reveals Plans for Physical Ethereum ETP  Traded on SIX  Xetra and EURONEXT https://t.co/ylRQ0pRBel https://t.co/RszmiXmFLS,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Physical Ethereum ETP', 'Fork', 'Coinshares', 'Plans', 'SIX', 'Xetra', 'EURONEXT', 'ylRQ0pRBel', 'RszmiXmFLS', 'Physical Ethereum ETP', 'Fork', 'Coinshares', 'Plans', 'SIX', 'Xetra', 'EURONEXT', 'ylRQ0pRBel', 'RszmiXmFLS']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9967,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@onefedererfan @AyusoValue @zhanginu @Alpaca_Capital no  not yet. they are working on oslo euronext listing and alr… https://t.co/3XaqBbxKp9,nan,@onefedererfan @AyusoValue @zhanginu @Alpaca_Capital no  not yet. they are working on oslo euronext listing and alr… https://t.co/3XaqBbxKp9,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['oslo euronext listing', 'onefedererfan', 'AyusoValue', 'zhanginu', 'Alpaca_Capital', 'alr', 'XaqBbxKp9', 'oslo euronext listing', 'onefedererfan', 'AyusoValue', 'zhanginu', 'Alpaca_Capital', 'alr', 'XaqBbxKp9']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9968,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Visiting #amsterdamexchange #trading #hedgefund #opportunity #euronext https://t.co/eFPIJzm5BX,nan,Visiting #amsterdamexchange #trading #hedgefund #opportunity #euronext https://t.co/eFPIJzm5BX,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['amsterdamexchange', 'trading', 'hedgefund', 'opportunity', 'euronext', 'eFPIJzm5BX', 'amsterdamexchange', 'trading', 'hedgefund', 'opportunity', 'euronext', 'eFPIJzm5BX']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9969,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Corporate Services’ IntegrityLog supports greater protection for whistleblowers in Italy… https://t.co/lkV7cTZhmC,nan,Euronext Corporate Services’ IntegrityLog supports greater protection for whistleblowers in Italy… https://t.co/lkV7cTZhmC,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Euronext Corporate Services’ IntegrityLog', 'greater protection', 'whistleblowers', 'Italy', 'lkV7cTZhmC', 'Euronext Corporate Services’ IntegrityLog', 'greater protection', 'whistleblowers', 'Italy', 'lkV7cTZhmC']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9970,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Indicators for 🇧🇬Bulgarian/🇷🇴Romanian 11.5% 🌾🌾🌾 were seen stable at €11/mt premium to the Dec. #Euronext contr. for… https://t.co/MvsFiyjmr3,nan,Indicators for 🇧🇬Bulgarian/🇷🇴Romanian 11.5% 🌾🌾🌾 were seen stable at €11/mt premium to the Dec. #Euronext contr. for… https://t.co/MvsFiyjmr3,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Dec. #Euronext contr', 'mt premium', 'Indicators', 'Romanian', 'MvsFiyjmr3', 'Dec. #Euronext contr', 'mt premium', 'Indicators', 'Romanian', 'MvsFiyjmr3']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
9971,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading Halted for $ABIBS.PA  ALBIOMA BSAAR 2018 | at 08:37 CEST / 02:37 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-09-14… https://t.co/HzI3tq6Gf4,nan,Trading Halted for $ABIBS.PA  ALBIOMA BSAAR 2018 | at 08:37 CEST / 02:37 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-09-14… https://t.co/HzI3tq6Gf4,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['PA  ALBIOMA BSAAR', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', 'ABIBS', '08:37 CEST', 'HzI3tq6Gf4', '02', 'PA  ALBIOMA BSAAR', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', 'ABIBS', '08:37 CEST', 'HzI3tq6Gf4', '02']",2022-09-14,2022-09-14,Unknown
