UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
47188,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2024-11-24-russia-retaliates-western-assets-war-escalates.html,Russia retaliates for Western seizure of its assets as war escalates and Putin signs new nuclear doctrine – NaturalNews.com,Russia plans to retaliate in kind against the West for expropriating their foreign assets  according to Finance Minister Anton Siluanov  as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine ramps up significantly. Speaking to Rossiya-1 TV this week  he said Russia inte…,Russia retaliates for Western seizure of its assets as war escalates and Putin signs new nuclear doctrineRussia plans to retaliate in kind against the West for expropriating their foreign assets  according to Finance Minister Anton Siluanov  as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine ramps up significantly.Speaking to Rossiya-1 TV this week  he said Russia intends to use the income earned on assets it has frozen belonging to Western investors.He announced: “We are doing exactly the same. If Western countries have decided to use our assets and income from our assets  the Russian side will also implement appropriate actions. Therefore  we have also frozen the resources of Western investors  Western financial market participants and companies. The income from these assets will also be used.”So far  America and its Western allies have frozen around $300 billion worth of Russian central bank assets since February 2022  when the Russia-Ukraine conflict began. Around $207 billion of these funds are currently held in the Euroclear clearinghouse. They reportedly generated more than $5.4 billion during the first three months of this fiscal year.Despite repeated warnings from Russia that seizing its funds would be considered “theft” and a violation of international law  the U.S. announced that it would be using the proceeds from the assets to finance a hefty loan to Ukraine. In October  G7 states finalized a $50 billion loan to Kiev backed by the profits of the Russian assets.It is not known just how much the Western assets currently being held in Russia are worth  although previous estimates place it somewhere close to the size of the Russian funds that have been frozen abroad. At the end of 2022  RIA Novosti reported that the direct foreign investments in the Russian economy by the G7  EU  Switzerland and Australia totaled $288 billion.Tensions rise in Russia-Ukraine conflict after Biden loosens restrictions on use of U.S.-supplied long-range missilesThe news comes as tensions between Russia and the U.S. ramped up significantly this week after President Biden gave Ukraine permission to fire American-made and supplied long-range missiles for attacks inside of Russian territory  something that has previously been banned. It didn’t take long for Kiev to fire them  with one missile strike on southern Russia causing a fire at an ammunition depot and killing and wounding security personnel.Moscow warned the U.S. and NATO allies that such a move would cause a major escalation  but Biden nevertheless decided to allow the strikes this past weekend. America and its allies argue that Putin has escalated the war recently with actions such as deploying more than 10 000 North Korean soldiers to help support Russian forces.Not surprisingly  Russia reacted quickly after Ukraine fired ATACMS into Russia. Russian missiles targeted several Ukrainian cities  and Russian President Vladimir Putin said that they fired new intermediate-range ballistic missiles that American air defense systems would not be able to stop. Named Oreshnik  or “hazelnut tree”  he claims that they fly at ten times the speed of sound and that their use won’t just be reserved for Ukraine; any of Kiev’s allies whose missiles are used for attacking Russia could also be targeted. It is reportedly capable of carrying conventional or nuclear warheads.He stated: “We believe that we have the right to use our weapons against military facilities of the countries that allow the use of their weapons against our facilities.”Putin has also signed a new doctrine permitting a potential nuclear response to attacks on Russia  even conventional ones  that are carried out by nations supported by nuclear power  essentially lowering the threshold for its use of nuclear weapons.Sources for this article include:RT.comAPNews.com,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['new nuclear doctrine', 'Western seizure', 'Russia', 'assets', 'war', 'Putin', 'NaturalNews', 'U.S.-supplied long-range missiles', 'Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'American air defense systems', 'Western financial market participants', 'new intermediate-range ballistic missiles', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'first three months', 'one missile strike', '10,000 North Korean soldiers', 'several Ukrainian cities', 'direct foreign investments', 'potential nuclear response', 'new nuclear doctrine', 'new doctrine', 'Russian missiles', 'Russian side', 'Russian economy', 'Russian territory', 'Russian forces', 'nuclear warheads', 'nuclear power', 'President Biden', 'Western seizure', 'Western investors', 'foreign assets', 'Russian assets', 'Rossiya-1 TV', '$300 billion worth', 'Euroclear clearinghouse', 'fiscal year', 'international law', 'hefty loan', 'G7 states', '$50 billion loan', 'previous estimates', 'RIA Novosti', 'ammunition depot', 'security personnel', 'major escalation', 'hazelnut tree', 'ten times', 'Western assets', 'Western countries', 'Western allies', 'Russian funds', 'nuclear weapons', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'appropriate actions', 'NATO allies', 'military facilities', 'southern Russia', 'kind', 'income', 'resources', 'companies', 'February', 'warnings', 'violation', 'proceeds', 'October', 'Kiev', 'profits', 'size', 'end', 'Switzerland', 'Australia', 'Tensions', 'restrictions', 'news', 'permission', 'American-made', 'attacks', 'fire', 'Moscow', 'move', 'strikes', 'ATACMS', 'speed', 'sound', 'conventional', 'right', 'nations', 'threshold', 'article']",2024-11-24,2024-11-25,naturalnews.com
47189,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/E9633B1F-63EA-4254-8E35-CB9F8704BBF8/Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Serstech-AB,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Serstech AB,The shareholders of Serstech AB (publ) are invited to an Extraordinary General Meeting on Monday  16 December 2024 at 13.00 CET in the premises of the company  Åldermansgatan 13 in Lund. Notification Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Friday ,The shareholders of Serstech AB (publ) are invited to an Extraordinary General Meeting on Monday  16 December 2024 at 13.00 CET in the premises of the company  Åldermansgatan 13 in Lund. Notification Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Friday ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Serstech AB', 'Notice', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Serstech AB', 'share register', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Monday', 'December', '13.00 CET', 'premises', 'company', 'Åldermansgatan', 'Lund', 'Notification', 'circumstances', 'Friday']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,informazione.it
47190,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Boerse_Stock_Shares_Rise_as_Analysts_Boost_Outlook-17864960,Deutsche Boerse Stock: Shares Rise as Analysts Boost Outlook (),"Market experts have expressed optimism about Deutsche Boerse's future performance  with Warburg Research notably raising its price target to €249 from €241 while maintaining a ""Buy"" rating. Adding to the positive outlook ","Weitere Suchergebnisse zu ""Deutsche Börse AG"":Deutsche Boerse's stock demonstrated positive momentum in recent trading  climbing 0.4 percent to reach €216.10 on XETRA. The financial market operator's shares are showing remarkable resilience  trading significantly above their 52-week low of €171.95 recorded in November 2023  while maintaining a close proximity to their recent 52-week high of €221.30. With a substantial market capitalization of €41.1 billion  Deutsche Boerse continues to cement its position as one of Germany's premier listed companies  currently sitting just 2.31 percent below its yearly peak.Analyst Projections and DividendsMarket experts have expressed optimism about Deutsche Boerse's future performance  with Warburg Research notably raising its price target to €249 from €241 while maintaining a ""Buy"" rating. Adding to the positive outlook  analysts anticipate an increase in dividend payments to €4.05 per share for the current fiscal year  up from the previous year's €3.80. Furthermore  market observers project earnings per share to reach €10.47 for fiscal year 2024  underlining the company's strong growth trajectory.AdFresh Deutsche Boerse information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Stock', 'Shares', 'Analysts', 'Outlook', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Fresh Deutsche Boerse information', 'premier listed companies', 'strong growth trajectory', 'latest independent report', 'financial market operator', 'substantial market capitalization', 'Dividends Market experts', 'recent 52-week high', 'current fiscal year', 'market observers', 'market trends', '52-week low', 'recent trading', 'previous year', 'recent figures', 'Weitere Suchergebnisse', 'positive momentum', 'remarkable resilience', 'close proximity', 'yearly peak', 'Analyst Projections', 'future performance', 'Warburg Research', 'price target', 'Buy"" rating', 'positive outlook', 'dividend payments', 'stock', 'XETRA', 'shares', 'November', 'position', 'Germany', 'optimism', 'analysts', 'increase', 'earnings', 'company', 'impact', 'investors']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,aktiencheck.de
47191,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/know-deutsche-boerse-dboey-rating-170011841.html,All You Need to Know About Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY) Rating Upgrade to Strong Buy,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY) might move higher on growing optimism about its earnings prospects  which is reflected by its upgrade to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).,Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEY) could be a solid addition to your portfolio given its recent upgrade to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). This upgrade is essentially a reflection of an upward trend in earnings estimates -- one of the most powerful forces impacting stock prices.The Zacks rating relies solely on a company's changing earnings picture. It tracks EPS estimates for the current and following years from the sell-side analysts covering the stock through a consensus measure -- the Zacks Consensus Estimate.Since a changing earnings picture is a powerful factor influencing near-term stock price movements  the Zacks rating system is very useful for individual investors. They may find it difficult to make decisions based on rating upgrades by Wall Street analysts  as these are mostly driven by subjective factors that are hard to see and measure in real time.Therefore  the Zacks rating upgrade for Deutsche Boerse basically reflects positivity about its earnings outlook that could translate into buying pressure and an increase in its stock price.Most Powerful Force Impacting Stock PricesThe change in a company's future earnings potential  as reflected in earnings estimate revisions  has proven to be strongly correlated with the near-term price movement of its stock. The influence of institutional investors has a partial contribution to this relationship  as these big professionals use earnings and earnings estimates to calculate the fair value of a company's shares. An increase or decrease in earnings estimates in their valuation models simply results in higher or lower fair value for a stock  and institutional investors typically buy or sell it. Their bulk investment action then leads to price movement for the stock.For Deutsche Boerse  rising earnings estimates and the consequent rating upgrade fundamentally mean an improvement in the company's underlying business. And investors' appreciation of this improving business trend should push the stock higher.Harnessing the Power of Earnings Estimate RevisionsAs empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock movements  tracking such revisions for making an investment decision could be truly rewarding. Here is where the tried-and-tested Zacks Rank stock-rating system plays an important role  as it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions.The Zacks Rank stock-rating system  which uses four factors related to earnings estimates to classify stocks into five groups  ranging from Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) to Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell)  has an impressive externally-audited track record  with Zacks Rank #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>.Story Continues,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Rating Upgrade', 'Strong Buy', 'DBOEY', 'The Zacks Rank stock-rating system', 'near-term stock price movements', 'The Zacks rating', 'Zacks rating system', 'average annual return', 'near-term stock movements', 'near-term price movement', 'changing earnings picture', 'future earnings potential', 'bulk investment action', 'Zacks Consensus Estimate', 'Powerful Force Impacting', 'earnings estimate revisions', 'Zacks Rank #1 stocks', 'Wall Street analysts', 'lower fair value', 'improving business trend', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'rising earnings estimates', 'Zacks rating upgrade', 'Strong Buy) stocks', 'Zacks #1 Rank', 'rating upgrades', 'consequent rating', 'upward trend', 'consensus measure', 'earnings outlook', 'underlying business', 'investment decision', 'powerful forces', 'powerful factor', 'strong correlation', 'Strong Sell', 'EPS estimates', 'solid addition', 'recent upgrade', 'following years', 'individual investors', 'subjective factors', 'real time', 'buying pressure', 'institutional investors', 'partial contribution', 'big professionals', 'valuation models', ""investors' appreciation"", 'empirical research', 'important role', 'four factors', 'five groups', 'track record', 'complete list', 'stock prices', 'DBOEY', 'portfolio', 'reflection', 'company', 'current', 'decisions', 'positivity', 'increase', 'change', 'influence', 'relationship', 'shares', 'decrease', 'higher', 'improvement', 'trends', 'today', 'Story']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,finance.yahoo.com
47192,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Telekom_Stock_Shares_Hit_New_High_Amid_Buyback_Success-17864860,Deutsche Telekom Stock: Shares Hit New High Amid Buyback Success (),Deutsche Telekom's stock reached a significant milestone on November 25  2024  touching a new 52-week high of €29.64. This impressive performance is backed by the company's ongoing share buyback initiative ,"Weitere Suchergebnisse zu ""Deutsche Telekom AG"":Deutsche Telekom's stock reached a significant milestone on November 25  2024  touching a new 52-week high of €29.64. This impressive performance is backed by the company's ongoing share buyback initiative  which has demonstrated substantial momentum since its September launch. In the week of November 18-22 alone  the telecommunications giant repurchased over 1.7 million shares at an average price of €28.84  bringing the total buyback volume to more than 18.8 million shares. The company's robust market position is further evidenced by its strong third-quarter results  with earnings per share climbing to €0.60  marking a significant increase from €0.39 in the previous year. Revenue also showed healthy growth  reaching €28.50 billion.Future Outlook and Dividend ProspectsMarket analysts maintain an optimistic stance on Deutsche Telekom's future  setting an average price target of €35.64. Shareholders can anticipate increased returns  with dividend projections indicating a rise from €0.77 per share in 2023 to €0.87 in the coming year  underlining the company's sustained earning potential and commitment to shareholder value.AdFresh Deutsche Telekom information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.",neutral,0.25,0.75,0.0,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Telekom Stock', 'Buyback Success', 'Shares', 'ongoing share buyback initiative', 'Fresh Deutsche Telekom information', 'total buyback volume', 'new 52-week high', 'strong third-quarter results', 'sustained earning potential', 'latest independent report', 'Deutsche Telekom AG', 'robust market position', 'average price target', 'Market analysts', 'market trends', 'significant milestone', 'impressive performance', 'substantial momentum', 'September launch', 'telecommunications giant', '1.7 million shares', '18.8 million shares', 'significant increase', 'previous year', 'healthy growth', 'Dividend Prospects', 'optimistic stance', 'increased returns', 'dividend projections', 'coming year', 'shareholder value', 'recent figures', 'Future Outlook', 'Suchergebnisse', 'stock', 'November', 'company', 'earnings', 'Revenue', 'Shareholders', 'rise', 'commitment', 'Ad', 'impact', 'investors']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,aktiencheck.de
47193,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/encavis-completes-key-milestone-as-voluntary-public-takeover-offer-by-kkr-led-consortium-gains-full-regulatory-approval/eu-press-release/2024/11/25/15/33/34/144561/,Encavis Completes Key Milestone as Voluntary Public Takeover Offer by KKR-Led Consortium Gains Full Regulatory Approval,Encavis AG has successfully fulfilled all conditions for its voluntary public takeover by Elbe BidCo AG  a KKR-led consortium  which now holds 87,(IN BRIEF) Encavis AG has successfully fulfilled all conditions for its voluntary public takeover by Elbe BidCo AG  a KKR-led consortium  which now holds 87.73% of Encavis shares after acquiring 87.41% at EUR 17.50 per share. The partnership  formalized through an investment agreement  aims to expand Encavis’ renewable energy portfolio and strengthen its position as a leading European independent power producer. Co-investors Viessmann and ABACON will also support the company’s growth. The consortium plans to delist Encavis from the stock exchange to focus on long-term flexibility and development. Payment to shareholders is expected within eight banking days.(PRESS RELEASE) HAMBURG  25-Nov-2024 — /EuropaWire/ — Encavis AG has announced the successful fulfillment of all conditions for the voluntary public takeover offer initiated by Elbe BidCo AG  a consortium led by KKR. The final regulatory approval was secured  paving the way for settlement within eight banking days. As part of this offer  BidCo has acquired 87.41% of Encavis shares at a price of EUR 17.50 per share  including 31% through binding agreements with existing shareholders. After settlement  the consortium’s ownership will rise to 87.73%  marking a pivotal moment in Encavis’ strategic journey.This takeover is underpinned by an investment agreement signed in March 2024 between Encavis and BidCo  forming the basis of a long-term partnership. BidCo  backed by KKR and co-investors Viessmann Generations Group GmbH & Co. KG and ABACON CAPITAL  will support Encavis’ ambitions to expand its renewable energy portfolio and strengthen its position as a leading independent power producer in Europe.Dr. Christoph Husmann  Encavis CFO  described the transaction as a transformative step:“With the offer complete  we are entering a new chapter in our history  supported by strong investors who share our vision. Together  we will expand our renewable energy portfolio  enhance our capabilities  and solidify Encavis’ market position in Europe.”Vincent Policard  Partner and Co-Head of European Infrastructure at KKR  emphasized the partnership’s alignment with broader energy goals:“This strategic investment empowers Encavis to seize opportunities in the renewable energy sector while contributing to Europe’s energy independence and transition.”Max Viessmann  CEO of Viessmann  highlighted the mission-driven nature of the collaboration:“This investment  alongside KKR  represents a key milestone in creating sustainable solutions for future generations and advancing the global energy transition.”Tobias Krauss  CEO of ABACON  reiterated the significance of clean energy:“Encavis holds immense strategic importance  both as a project and a symbol of the clean energy movement  with strong potential for growth and impact.”The consortium plans to delist Encavis from the stock exchange to enhance financial flexibility and focus on long-term growth. Shareholders who tendered shares will receive EUR 17.50 per share  with payment instructions underway. Further details about the settlement are available at www.elbe-offer.com.This partnership reinforces KKR’s global infrastructure leadership  with over USD 77 billion in assets under management and a track record of 90+ infrastructure investments since 2008. Encavis now stands poised to accelerate its growth strategy and contribute to Europe’s renewable energy landscape under the guidance of its new partners.About Encavis:The Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the SDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates (onshore) wind farms and solar parks in twelve European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group’s total generation capacity currently adds up to around 3.6 gigawatts (GW)  of which around 2.2 GW belong to the Encavis AG  which corresponds to a total saving of around 0.8 million tonnes of CO2 per year stand-alone for the Encavis AG. In addition  the Group currently has more than 1.2 GW of capacity under construction  of which around 900 MW are own assets.Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors. Another Group member company is Stern Energy S.p.A.  based in Parma  Italy  a specialised provider of technical services for the installation  operation  maintenance  revamping and repowering of photovoltaic systems across Europe.ENCAVIS is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG’s environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world’s leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with their “AA” level and ISS ESG with their “Prime” label (A-)  the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) with its Climate Score “B” and Sustainalytics with its “low risk” ESG risk rating.Additional information can be found at www.encavis.com.About KKR:KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach  employing world-class people  and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity  credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement  life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.For additional information about KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR)  please visit KKR’s website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group  please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group’s website at www.globalatlantic.com.About Viessmann Generations Group:Founded in 1917  the independent family company Viessmann is today a global  broadly diversified Group. All activities are based on the company’s purpose “We co-create living spaces for generations to come”. This is the passion and responsibility that the large worldwide Viessmann family brings to life every day. Viessmann forms an ecosystem of entrepreneurs and co-creators with a clear focus on CO2 avoidance  reduction and capturing.About ABACON CAPITAL:ABACON CAPITAL  a family-owned investment firm  champions the sustainable energy transition  pioneering mobility solutions  and groundbreaking deep tech. Our mission centers on uplifting communities  fostering purposeful endeavors  and ensuring profitability  all while advancing societal and environmental well-being. Founded by Albert Büll  a visionary entrepreneur and investor with a legacy in nurturing sustainable enterprises – such as B&L Group in real estate development  Encavis AG in renewable energy production  and noventic in smart metering and energy management – ABACON is built on a foundation of innovation and responsibility.Media Contacts:Encavis AGDr. Oliver PrüferPress Officer & Manager Public RelationsPhone: + 49 (0) 40 378 562 133Email: communications@encavis.comKKRFabian PrietzelMobile: + 49 (0) 171 86 01 411Email: kkr_germany@fgsglobal.comViessmann Generations GroupByung-Hun ParkVice President Corporate CommunicationsMobile: +49 (0) 151 64 911 317Email: huni@viessmann.comABACON CAPITALJosef ArweckMobile: + 49 (0) 157 34 762 499Email: arweck@bernstein-group.comSOURCE: ENCAVIS AG,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.34,0.0,True,English,"['Voluntary Public Takeover Offer', 'Full Regulatory Approval', 'Key Milestone', 'KKR-Led Consortium', 'Encavis', 'Stern Energy S.p.A.', 'leading European independent power producer', 'leading independent power producers', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'long-term power purchase agreements', 'Viessmann Generations Group GmbH', 'voluntary public takeover offer', 'Encavis’ renewable energy portfolio', 'Encavis Asset Management AG', 'twelve European countries', 'broader energy goals', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy landscape', 'eight banking days', 'final regulatory approval', 'Dr. Christoph Husmann', 'UN Global Compact', 'UN PRI network', 'MSCI ESG Ratings', 'immense strategic importance', 'global infrastructure leadership', '90+ infrastructure investments', 'clean energy movement', 'sustainable energy production', 'corporate ESG performance', 'ESG risk ra', 'global energy transition', 'Carbon Disclosure Project', 'The Encavis AG', 'Encavis’ strategic journey', 'Group member company', 'The Encavis Group', 'total generation capacity', 'Elbe BidCo AG', 'Encavis’ market position', 'European Infrastructure', 'energy independence', 'binding agreements', 'future generations', 'Renewable Energies', 'ISS ESG', 'long-term flexibility', 'sustainable solutions', 'total saving', 'governance performance', 'low risk', 'strategic investment', 'Co-investors Viessmann', 'Max Viessmann', 'IN BRIEF', 'stock exchange', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'successful fulfillment', 'pivotal moment', 'transformative step', 'new chapter', 'Vincent Policard', 'mission-driven nature', 'key milestone', 'Tobias Krauss', 'strong potential', 'financial flexibility', 'long-term growth', 'Further details', 'track record', 'new partners', 'Prime Standard', 'wind farms', 'solar parks', 'stable yields', '0.8 million tonnes', 'fund services', 'specialised provider', 'technical services', 'photovoltaic systems', 'environmental, social', 'AA” level', 'Prime” label', 'Climate Score', 'Encavis’ ambitions', 'Encavis CFO', 'investment agreement', 'long-term partnership', 'strong investors', 'institutional investors', 'Encavis shares', 'Co. KG', 'payment instructions', 'growth strategy', 'ticker symbol', 'existing shareholders', 'ABACON CAPITAL', 'KKR-led consortium', 'conditions', 'development', 'HAMBURG', 'way', 'settlement', 'price', 'ownership', 'March', 'basis', 'transaction', 'history', 'vision', 'capabilities', 'Head', 'alignment', 'opportunities', 'CEO', 'collaboration', 'significance', 'impact', 'assets', 'guidance', 'ISIN', 'ECV', 'electricity', 'SDAX', 'IPP', 'plants', 'feed', 'tariffs', 'FIT', 'PPA', '3.6 gigawatts', 'GW', 'CO2', 'year', 'addition', 'construction', '900 MW', 'Parma', 'Italy', 'installation', 'operation', 'maintenance', 'revamping', 'repowering', 'signatory', 'world', 'CDP', 'Sustainalytics', '87.']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,news.europawire.eu
47194,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1108921531/All-Regulatory-Approvals-Of-The-Voluntary-Public-Takeover-Offer-Obtained,All Regulatory Approvals Of The Voluntary Public Takeover Offer Obtained,EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG  / Key word (s): Tender Offer/Takeover All regulatory approvals of the voluntary public takeover offer obtained 25.11.2024 / 09:30 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. Corporate News All regulatory approvals of the voluntary public takeover offer obtained,"EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG / Key word(s): Tender Offer/TakeoverAll regulatory approvals of the voluntary public takeover offer obtained25.11.2024 / 09:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsAll regulatory approvals of the voluntary public takeover offer obtainedAll offer conditions of the voluntary public takeover offer have been fulfilledKKR-led consortium had secured about 87.41 percent of all outstanding Encavis shares as part of the voluntary takeover offerShareholders will receive EUR 17.50 in cash consideration for each Encavis share tendered Delisting of Encavis to be carried out as soon as legally and practically possibleHamburg  25 November 2024 – Encavis AG (“Encavis” or the“Company”) has announced that all offer conditions for the voluntary takeover offer by Elbe BidCo AG (“BidCo” or the“Bidder”) have been fulfilled. The Bidder announced the receipt of the last outstanding regulatory approval and that the offer will be settled within the next eight banking days. As part of the voluntary public takeover offer  BidCo had secured about 87.41 percent of all outstanding Encavis shares at an offer price of EUR 17.50 per share  including around 31 percent through binding agreements with existing shareholders of the Company. Following settlement of the offer  the bidder will hold a total of around 87.73 percent of Encavis shares. Already on 14 March 2024  Encavis and BidCo signed an Investment Agreement to enter into a strategic partnership.The BidCo is a holding company controlled by investment funds  vehicles and accounts advised and managed by KKR. The family company Viessmann Generations Group GmbH & Co. KG (“Viessmann”) is involved as a co-investor in the consortium led by KKR  along with the previous shareholder ABACON CAPITAL (“Abacon”).The transaction and the strategic partnership with BidCo will enable Encavis to accelerate its growth strategy  expand its portfolio and strengthen its market position as a leading independent power producer in Europe. BidCo aims to support Encavis' growth across all segments  providing significant financial support to expand its project pipeline  increase capacity and extend its reach in core markets.Dr Christoph Husmann  Spokesman of the Management Board and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Encavis said:“With the completion of the offer  we will be embarking on a new chapter in our company's history – with strong investors on our side who believe in our potential and will contribute their expertise and resources to the continued growth of Encavis. Together  we will further expand our portfolio of renewable energy production facilities  develop our competencies and strengthen Encavis' market position in Europe.”Vincent Policard  Partner and Co-Head of European Infrastructure at KKR  said:“Together with our consortium partners  we are pleased to support Encavis on its growth path with long-term capital and our expertise  thereby contributing to the energy transition. This strategic investment will not only enable Encavis to capitalize even better on emerging opportunities in the renewable energy sector  but also aligns with KKR's broader mission of fostering a more energy-independent Europe.”Max Viessmann  CEO of Viessmann:“With our investment in Encavis in collaboration with KKR  we are setting an important milestone in our mission to co-create living spaces for future generations and actively contribute to the global energy transition through entrepreneurial engagement. We look forward to supporting Encavis on its growth path and taking responsibility for a sustainable future together with our partners.”Tobias Krauss  CEO of Abacon:“Encavis is not only a strategically important project for Abacon  but also a personally important one. On the one hand  our founder Albert Büll has played a key role in the development of Encavis over many years. Secondly  clean energy is one of the most important issues of our time. Encavis has great potential and we are excited to be involved in the company's future with strong partners.”With the fulfilment of all offer conditions  the public takeover offer has been successful and the offer price of EUR 17.50 per Encavis share will be instructed for payment to the Encavis shareholders who tendered their shares as part of the public takeover offer. Further information on the settlement and transfer of the tendered shares as part of the public takeover offer is available at .Following settlement of the offer  the intention is to delist Encavis from the stock exchange as soon as legally and practically possible  in order to benefit from the financial flexibility and long-term commitment of KKR and Viessmann.KKR established its Global Infrastructure business in 2008 and has since grown to one of the largest infrastructure investors globally with a team of more than 120 dedicated investment professionals. The firm currently oversees approximately USD 77 billion in infrastructure assets globally and has made over 90 infrastructure investments across a range of sub-sectors and geographies. KKR's infrastructure platform is devised specifically for long-term  capital intensive structural investments. ***About Encavis:The Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the SDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates (onshore) wind farms and solar parks in twelve European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group's total generation capacity currently adds up to around 3.6 gigawatts (GW)  of which around 2.2 GW belong to the Encavis AG  which corresponds to a total saving of around 0.8 million tonnes of CO2 per year stand-alone for the Encavis AG. In addition  the Group currently has more than 1.2 GW of capacity under construction  of which around 900 MW are own assets.Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors. Another Group member company is Stern Energy S.p.A.  based in Parma  Italy  a specialised provider of technical services for the installation  operation  maintenance  revamping and repowering of photovoltaic systems across Europe.ENCAVIS is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG's environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world's leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with their“AA” level and ISS ESG with their“Prime” label (A-)  the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) with its Climate Score“B” and Sustainalytics with its“low risk” ESG risk rating.Additional information can be found at .About KKR:KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach  employing world-class people  and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity  credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR's insurance subsidiaries offer retirement  life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR's investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.For additional information about KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR)  please visit KKR's website at . For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group  please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at .About Viessmann Generations Group:Founded in 1917  the independent family company Viessmann is today a global  broadly diversified Group. All activities are based on the company's purpose ""We co-create living spaces for generations to come”. This is the passion and responsibility that the large worldwide Viessmann family brings to life every day. Viessmann forms an ecosystem of entrepreneurs and co-creators with a clear focus on CO2 avoidance  reduction and capturing.About ABACON CAPITAL:ABACON CAPITAL  a family-owned investment firm  champions the sustainable energy transition  pioneering mobility solutions  and groundbreaking deep tech. Our mission centers on uplifting communities  fostering purposeful endeavors  and ensuring profitability  all while advancing societal and environmental well-being. Founded by Albert Büll  a visionary entrepreneur and investor with a legacy in nurturing sustainable enterprises – such as B&L Group in real estate development  Encavis AG in renewable energy production  and noventic in smart metering and energy management – ABACON is built on a foundation of innovation and responsibility.Contacts: Encavis AGDr. Oliver PrüferPress Officer & Manager Public RelationsPhone: + 49 (0) 40 378 562 133Email: ...KKRFabian PrietzelMobile: + 49 (0) 171 86 01 411Email: ...Viessmann Generations GroupByung-Hun ParkVice President Corporate CommunicationsMobile: +49 (0) 151 64 911 317Email: ...ABACON CAPITALJosef ArweckMobile: + 49 (0) 157 34 762 499Email: ...25.11.2024 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive atLanguage: English Company: ENCAVIS AG Große Elbstraße 59 22767 Hamburg Germany Phone: +49 4037 85 62 -0 Fax: +49 4037 85 62 -129 E-mail: ... Internet: align=""left"" valign=""top"" class=""column_1"" no_break=1 nowrap>ISIN: DE0006095003 WKN: 609500 Indices: SDAX Listed: Regulated Market in Frankfurt (Prime Standard)  Hamburg; Regulated Unofficial Market in Berlin  Dusseldorf  Munich  Stuttgart  Tradegate Exchange EQS News ID: 2036987End of News EQS News Service",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Voluntary Public Takeover Offer', 'Regulatory Approvals', 'The', 'next eight banking days', 'leading independent power producer', 'renewable energy production facilities', 'last outstanding regulatory approval', 'voluntary public takeover offer', 'Viessmann Generations Group GmbH', 'renewable energy sector', 'voluntary takeover offer', 'Dr Christoph Husmann', 'Albert Büll', 'significant financial support', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Global Infrastructure business', 'global energy transition', '120 dedicated investment professionals', 'largest infrastructure investors', 'outstanding Encavis shares', 'Elbe BidCo AG', ""Encavis' market position"", 'clean energy', 'future generations', 'regulatory approvals', 'financial flexibility', 'strong investors', 'Tender Offer', 'offer price', 'European Infrastructure', 'infrastructure assets', '90 infrastructure investments', 'offer conditions', 'Corporate News', 'cash consideration', 'binding agreements', 'Investment Agreement', 'strategic partnership', 'investment funds', 'previous shareholder', 'growth strategy', 'project pipeline', 'core markets', 'Management Board', 'new chapter', 'continued growth', 'Vincent Policard', 'growth path', 'long-term capital', 'strategic investment', 'emerging opportunities', 'important milestone', 'living spaces', 'entrepreneurial engagement', 'Tobias Krauss', 'important project', 'important one', 'one hand', 'key role', 'many years', 'important issues', 'Further information', 'stock exchange', 'long-term commitment', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'Max Viessmann', 'KKR-led consortium', 'existing shareholders', 'sustainable future', 'strong partners', ""Encavis' growth"", 'Co. KG', 'broader mission', 'great potential', 'The BidCo', 'consortium partners', 'The Bidder', 'holding company', 'family company', 'energy-independent Europe', 'ABACON CAPITAL', 'Encavis shareholders', 'EQS-News', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', '87.41 percent', 'Delisting', 'Hamburg', 'receipt', '31 percent', 'settlement', 'total', '87.73 percent', '14 March', 'vehicles', 'accounts', 'transaction', 'portfolio', 'segments', 'capacity', 'reach', 'Spokesman', 'CFO', 'completion', 'history', 'expertise', 'resources', 'competencies', 'Head', 'CEO', 'collaboration', 'responsibility', 'founder', 'development', 'time', 'fulfilment', 'payment', 'transfer', 'intention', 'order', 'team', 'firm', '09']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,menafn.com
47195,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/11/24/public-storage-fy2024-eps-forecast-reduced-by-zacks-research/,Public Storage FY2024 EPS Forecast Reduced by Zacks Research,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) – Analysts at Zacks Research decreased their FY2024 earnings estimates for shares of Public Storage in a research note issued on Wednesday  November 20th. Zacks Research analyst R. Department now forecasts that the real…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) – Analysts at Zacks Research decreased their FY2024 earnings estimates for shares of Public Storage in a research note issued on Wednesday  November 20th. Zacks Research analyst R. Department now forecasts that the real estate investment trust will post earnings of $16.68 per share for the year  down from their previous forecast of $16.71. The consensus estimate for Public Storage’s current full-year earnings is $16.73 per share. Zacks Research also issued estimates for Public Storage’s Q4 2024 earnings at $4.22 EPS  Q2 2025 earnings at $4.38 EPS and Q4 2025 earnings at $4.35 EPS.Get Public Storage alerts:A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on PSA. Morgan Stanley boosted their price target on Public Storage from $293.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Wednesday  October 2nd. Jefferies Financial Group raised their price target on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $422.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday  September 18th. Wells Fargo & Company dropped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $375.00 to $365.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday  November 5th. Bank of America cut Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday  August 5th. Finally  Citigroup raised their price objective on Public Storage from $303.00 to $378.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  August 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have assigned a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $339.64.Public Storage Stock Up 0.5 %Shares of PSA stock opened at $337.58 on Friday. The stock’s fifty day moving average price is $343.82 and its 200 day moving average price is $316.69. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $251.49 and a 1-year high of $369.99. The company has a market cap of $59.11 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.06  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 5.59 and a beta of 0.70. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77  a current ratio of 0.97 and a quick ratio of 0.97.Institutional Inflows and OutflowsA number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. McIlrath & Eck LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 24.6% during the 3rd quarter. McIlrath & Eck LLC now owns 218 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $79 000 after acquiring an additional 43 shares during the period. TD Private Client Wealth LLC boosted its position in Public Storage by 2.4% during the third quarter. TD Private Client Wealth LLC now owns 1 695 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $617 000 after purchasing an additional 39 shares in the last quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. grew its holdings in Public Storage by 42.3% in the third quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. now owns 919 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $334 000 after purchasing an additional 273 shares during the period. Toronto Dominion Bank increased its position in shares of Public Storage by 49.0% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 78 471 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $28 553 000 after buying an additional 25 805 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Coldstream Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Public Storage by 16.9% in the third quarter. Coldstream Capital Management Inc. now owns 1 993 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $718 000 after buying an additional 288 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  December 30th. Investors of record on Friday  December 13th will be given a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday  December 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.55%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is presently 124.61%.About Public Storage(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage FY2024 EPS Forecast', 'Zacks Research', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'TD Private Client Wealth LLC', 'fifty day moving average price', 'Zacks Research analyst R. Department', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Coldstream Capital Management Inc.', '200 day moving average price', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'other equities research analysts', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'One research analyst', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'Jefferies Financial Group', '35% common equity interest', 'Toronto Dominion Bank', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Daily', 'current full-year earnings', 'dividend payout ratio', 'consensus target price', 'Get Free Report', 'strong buy rating', 'FY2024 earnings estimates', 'Public Storage Stock', 'average rating', 'Eck LLC', 'Shurgard brand', 'price target', 'research note', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'price objective', 'consensus estimate', 'research report', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'earnings ratio', 'growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'previous forecast', 'Q4 2024 earnings', 'Q2 2025 earnings', 'Q4 2025 earnings', 'Morgan Stanley', 'equal weight', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'MarketBeat.com', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'market cap', 'Institutional Inflows', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'last quarter', 'hedge funds', 'ex-dividend date', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'large investors', 'Institutional investors', 'United States', 'additional 43 shares', 'additional 39 shares', 'additional 273 shares', 'additional 25,805 shares', 'additional 288 shares', 'December 13th', 'PSA stock', '40 states', 'PSA.', '218 shares', '1,695 shares', '919 shares', '78,471 shares', '1,993 shares', 'NYSE', 'Wednesday', 'November', '2 EPS', 'number', 'October', 'September', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'America', 'Monday', 'August', 'Citigroup', 'Friday', 'data', 'beta', 'debt', 'Outflows', 'holdings', 'McIlrath', 'position', 'period', 'record', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'News', 'Ratings']",2024-11-24,2024-11-25,etfdailynews.com
47196,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/11/24/public-storage-nysepsa-receives-339-64-average-pt-from-brokerages/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Receives $339.64 Average PT from Brokerages,Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) have received an average rating of “Moderate Buy” from the fifteen research firms that are presently covering the firm  Marketbeat Ratings reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendatio…,Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) have received an average rating of “Moderate Buy” from the fifteen research firms that are presently covering the firm  Marketbeat Ratings reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation  six have given a hold recommendation  six have given a buy recommendation and two have assigned a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price objective among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $339.64.Several analysts have issued reports on PSA shares. Royal Bank of Canada cut their price objective on Public Storage from $358.00 to $344.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday  November 8th. Citigroup upped their price objective on Public Storage from $303.00 to $378.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  August 30th. Truist Financial cut Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $306.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Thursday  August 1st. Evercore ISI cut their price objective on Public Storage from $343.00 to $338.00 and set an “in-line” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday  October 14th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company cut their price objective on Public Storage from $375.00 to $365.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday  November 5th.Get Public Storage alerts:Check Out Our Latest Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Price PerformancePublic Storage Announces DividendShares of NYSE PSA opened at $337.58 on Thursday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77  a current ratio of 0.97 and a quick ratio of 0.97. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $251.49 and a 1-year high of $369.99. The company has a market capitalization of $59.11 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.06  a PEG ratio of 5.59 and a beta of 0.70. The business has a 50-day moving average of $343.82 and a 200-day moving average of $316.69.The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  December 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  December 13th will be paid a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.55%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday  December 13th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is currently 124.61%.Hedge Funds Weigh In On Public StorageInstitutional investors and hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 2nd quarter worth $14 301 000. Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 1.9% during the 3rd quarter. Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC now owns 142 255 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $51 762 000 after acquiring an additional 2 605 shares in the last quarter. PGGM Investments boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 8.0% during the 2nd quarter. PGGM Investments now owns 167 431 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $48 162 000 after acquiring an additional 12 396 shares in the last quarter. Swedbank AB bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth $17 465 000. Finally  Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 15.6% during the 2nd quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV now owns 20 566 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 916 000 after acquiring an additional 2 770 shares in the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free ReportPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'Average PT', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Brokerages', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC', 'seven Western European nations', 'real estate investment trust', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'average 12-month price objective', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'Napier Advisors LLC', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'Massmutual Trust Co.', 'concise daily summary', '50-day moving average', '200-day moving average', '35% common equity interest', 'fifteen research firms', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'strong buy recommendation', 'Marketbeat Ratings reports', 'FT Global 500', 'PGGM Investments', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'average rating', '$306.00 price objective', 'equity ratio', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Free Report', 'sell recommendation', 'hold recommendation', 'Moderate Buy', 'research note', 'NYSE:PSA', 'One analyst', 'last year', 'Royal Bank', 'sector perform', 'Truist Financial', 'Evercore ISI', 'Wells Fargo', 'NYSE PSA', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'Hedge Funds', 'Institutional investors', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'Swedbank AB', '1st quarter', 'FSB ADV', 'S&P 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Recommended Stories', 'related companies', 'buy” rating', 'Latest Report', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'August 1st', 'December 30th', 'December 13th', 'United States', 'latest news', 'quarterly dividend', 'new stake', 'PSA shares', 'additional 2,605 shares', 'additional 12,396 shares', 'additional 2,770 shares', 'Several analysts', 'Dividend Shares', '40 states', '$12.00 dividend', '142,255 shares', '167,431 shares', '20,566 shares', 'Get', 'stock', 'Canada', 'Friday', 'November', 'Citigroup', 'Thursday', 'line', 'Monday', 'October', 'Tuesday', 'debt', 'beta', 'business', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'yield', 'stakes', 'Manning', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests']",2024-11-24,2024-11-25,etfdailynews.com
47197,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2024/11/24/balmoral-shows-small-investors-the-door/,Balmoral shows ‘small’ investors the door,Shareholders with holdings worth up to €262 500 at take-out price were forcibly bought out with no option to stay on board,Balmoral International Land chairman Carl McCann  who engineered the ousting of thousands of small long-term investors in the business this week. Photograph: Frank MillerThe Irish Stock Exchange  or Euronext Dublin as it is now known  spends a lot of time and lobbying muscle telling the Government it needs support to help make the stock market more attractive to small investors who traditionally are more likely to leave their savings on deposit than in shares.Balmoral International Land delisted from the exchange more than a decade ago  but given how the company has effectively moved to force small investors off its share register  it begs the question why the so-called “little guy” would want to invest in shares in general.At a gathering in Arthur Cox’s office this week some of Irish commerce’s blue bloods told thousands of small shareholders they were no longer welcome as investors in the listed business.The McCann family owns a majority stake in Balmoral International Land  formerly Blackrock International Land  the property business spun out of one of their previously listed businesses – fruit importer and distributor Fyffes.READ MOREOn Thursday  at a fractious extraordinary general meeting whose outcome was decided well in advance given the weight of shareholdings  company chairman Carl McCann forced through a motion taking the company fully private and  in the process  forcibly buying out “small” shareholders – those with fewer than 25 000 shares in the business  a group that owned more than a fifth of the business before Thursday  at €10.50 a share.Small is relative in McCann’s world. These ousted shareholders would have had holdings worth up to just shy of €262 500 at the takeout price which is hardly small change. The company argues that most had holdings of 500 or fewer shares but that’s still an investment of up to €5 250.Others  including AIB and PTSB  have offered similar buyouts of small investors but they have included an opt-out clause for anyone who was interested in sticking with their investment.The McCanns and their advisers tried to persuade the shareholders being ejected that they were doing them a favour but a vocal group of shareholders – almost all investors of many years’ standing – was not buying it.Why  they wanted to know  were they being forced out just as the business had returned to health and started making money from its property investments. And  more particularly  why at a substantial discount to the €18.72 net asset value of the portfolio and the €12 price at which a deal for shares was done on the grey market just the previous week.Why indeed.,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['small’ investors', 'Balmoral', 'door', 'fractious extraordinary general meeting', 'Balmoral International Land chairman', 'The Irish Stock Exchange', 'company chairman Carl McCann', 'Blackrock International Land', '€18.72 net asset value', 'The McCann family', 'small long-term investors', 'stock market', 'Irish commerce', 'The McCanns', 'small change', 'Frank Miller', 'Euronext Dublin', 'share register', 'little guy', 'Arthur Cox', 'blue bloods', 'majority stake', 'fruit importer', 'READ MORE', 'a fifth', 'similar buyouts', 'out clause', 'property investments', 'substantial discount', 'grey market', 'previous week', 'small investors', 'small shareholders', 'small” shareholders', 'takeout price', 'vocal group', 'property business', 'fewer shares', '€12 price', '25,000 shares', 'ousting', 'thousands', 'Photograph', 'lot', 'time', 'muscle', 'Government', 'support', 'savings', 'deposit', 'question', 'gathering', 'office', 'businesses', 'distributor', 'Fyffes', 'Thursday', 'outcome', 'advance', 'weight', 'shareholdings', 'motion', 'process', 'world', 'most', 'Others', 'AIB', 'PTSB', 'opt', 'advisers', 'favour', 'health', 'money', 'portfolio', 'deal', '500']",2024-11-24,2024-11-25,irishtimes.com
47198,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1108924095/AB-Inbev-Becomes-Official-Beer-Partner-Of-FIFA-Club-World-Cup-2025TM,AB Inbev Becomes Official Beer Partner Of FIFA Club World Cup 2025TM​,AB InBev (Euronext: ABI) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (NYSE: BUD)  the world's leading brewer  has extended its nearly 40-year partne,(MENAFN- AETOSWire) (BUSINESS WIRE ) -- AB InBev (Euronext: ABI) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (NYSE: BUD)  the world's leading brewer  has extended its nearly 40-year partnership with to include the Club 2025TM taking place in the United States from June 15th to July 13th. AB InBev is also a sponsor of FIFA World Cup 2026TM  which will be jointly hosted by 16 cities across Canada  Mexico and the United States.The expanded partnership reinforces the brewer's megabrand and mega strategy by connecting beer with global events that consumers love. Megabrands Budweiser and Michelob ULTRA will lead the partnership complemented with local brands in select markets.FIFA President Gianni Infantino said:“AB InBev has been an iconic sponsor of our events for almost 40 years  and today we are excited to see them come on board as a partner of the new FIFA Club World Cup. We are embarking on a journey that will redefine club football and create a new global tournament. With AB InBev's brands  we are creating unforgettable moments for football fans around the world.”“Our brands are at the heart of meaningful cultural moments and iconic sporting events ” said AB InBev CEO  Michel Doukeris.“This partnership with the FIFA Club World Cup continues our legacy of bringing beer and sports together for fans around the world  creating more moments of celebration and cheers. We look forward to activating this first-of-its-kind tournament next summer in partnership with FIFA.”​The upcoming FIFA Club World Cup 2025TM will gather 32 of the world's best football clubs for a month-long celebration across 11 US Host Cities . As part of the multi-faceted agreement  AB InBev will create unique brand experiences across participating countries  deliver the“Player of the Match Award ” and amplify memorable moments from the tournament for fans of legal drinking age.For more information  visit FIFA .About Anheuser-Busch InBevAB InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life's moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona®  Stella Artois® and Michelob Ultra®; multi-country brands Beck's®  Hoegaarden® and Leffe®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 155 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2023  AB InBev's reported revenue was 59.4 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).View source version on businesswire:Permalink,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['FIFA Club World Cup', 'Official Beer Partner', 'AB Inbev', 'upcoming FIFA Club World Cup 2025TM', 'new FIFA Club World Cup', 'FIFA President Gianni Infantino', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'FIFA World Cup', 'unique brand experiences', 'legal drinking age', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'new global tournament', 'best football clubs', 'Club 2025TM', 'iconic sporting events', 'meaningful cultural moments', 'AB InBev CEO', 'global brands Budweiser®', '11 US Host Cities', 'club football', 'new ways', 'stock exchanges', 'global events', 'Megabrands Budweiser', 'meaningful impact', 'best beers', 'Co brewery', 'first brewery', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'MENAFN- AETOSWire', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'United States', 'June 15th', 'July 13th', 'mega strategy', 'Michelob ULTRA', 'select markets', 'iconic sponsor', 'Michel Doukeris', 'kind tournament', 'multi-faceted agreement', 'Match Award', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'finest ingredients', 'diverse portfolio', 'Stella Artois®', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'pioneering spirit', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', 'source version', 'Castle Brewery', 'local brands', 'great brands', 'multi-country brands', 'unforgettable moments', 'memorable moments', 'football fans', 'Castle Lite', 'leading brewer', 'month-long celebration', 'participating countries', 'Bud Light®', '40-year partnership', '500 beer brands', '16 cities', 'Castle®', '50 countries', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'NYSE', 'place', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'consumers', '40 years', 'board', 'journey', 'heart', 'legacy', 'sports', 'cheers', 'Player', 'information', 'company', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', 'future', 'life', 'industry', 'test', 'time', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma®', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin®', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'generations', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'Brazil', 'developed', '155,000 colleagues', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates', 'businesswire', 'Permalink']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,menafn.com
47199,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/5979011,EVS announces share buyback program of up to EUR 10 million,EVS  a global leader in live video production technology  announces that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program to buy back up to EUR 10 million of the company’s outstanding common shares over the next 24 months. The buyback ...,EVS announces share buyback program of up to EUR 10 millionThe program is a testimony to EVS’s commitment to enhancing shareholder value and demonstrates the confidence of the company in the long-term growth perspectivesLiège  Belgium | November 25th  2024EVS  a global leader in live video production technology  announces that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program to buy back up to EUR 10 million of the company’s outstanding common shares over the next 24 months.Details of the share buyback programProgram size: up to EUR 10 million and up to 355.000 sharesTimeframe: effective as of December 1st  2024 with completion at the latest by November 30 th   2026  2026 Methods: buybacks will be conducted through open market transactions subject to market conditions and compliance with the applicable regulations and with the shareholders’ authorization granted on June 7 th   2022  2022 Funding: the program will be funded through cash reserves  ensuring continued financial flexibility for growth initiativesStrategic rationaleThe buyback program underscores EVS’s commitment to returning capital to shareholders by optimizing the earnings per share while maintaining the flexibility to invest in strategic opportunities. The company also wants to underscore its belief in the future growth opportunities that lay ahead and that will contribute to generate increased value for the company and its shareholders.CommentsSerge Van Herck  CEO  comments:“The initiation of this share buyback program reflects EVS’s strong financial position and our commitment to delivering long-term value to our shareholders. This program is strategically aligned with our goal of optimizing capital allocation  demonstrating confidence in the company’s growth trajectory  and enhancing shareholder returns.The Board of Directors will carefully evaluate and decide on the optimal use of the repurchased shares at a later stage. Potential options include the cancellation of the shares  their use to cover employee warrant programs  or leveraging them in future acquisition transactions. This flexibility ensures that the program supports both immediate and strategic long-term goals.”Discretionary Suspension or Termination of Share Buyback ProgramThe Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate the share buyback program at any time based on prevailing market conditions  regulatory considerations  or material developments impacting the Company. Any decision to modify or discontinue the program will be guided by the Company's assessment of its financial position  strategic priorities  and shareholder interests.About EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit – Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 – Email: [email protected]Sébastien Verlaine – Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerTel: +32 4 361 5809 – Email: [email protected]Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.2,0.49,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'EVS', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video production technology', 'live video technology', 'Serge Van Herck', 'employee warrant programs', 'future acquisition transactions', 'entire production process', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'open market transactions', 'strong financial position', 'long-term growth perspectives', 'new media productions', 'strategic long-term goals', 'future growth opportunities', 'prevailing market conditions', 'outstanding common shares', 'share repurchase program', 'share buyback program', 'continued financial flexibility', 'market share', 'production teams', 'Euronext Brussels', 'strategic opportunities', 'long-term value', 'financial condition', 'Media Contacts', 'new technologies', 'growth initiatives', 'growth trajectory', 'sustainable growth', 'market requirements', 'Strategic rationale', 'strategic priorities', 'Program size', 'shareholder value', 'Liège', 'global leader', 'next 24 months', 'December 1st', 'applicable regulations', 'cash reserves', 'increased value', 'shareholder returns', 'later stage', 'Potential options', 'Discretionary Suspension', 'regulatory considerations', 'material developments', 'shareholder interests', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'Senior Brand', 'current expectations', '355.000 shares Timeframe', 'looking statements', 'capital allocation', 'The Board', 'optimal use', 'real time', 'actual results', 'one industry', 'shareholders’ authorization', 'The Company', 'public company', 'EVS solutions', 'testimony', 'commitment', 'confidence', 'Belgium', 'Directors', 'Details', 'completion', 'November', 'Methods', 'buybacks', 'compliance', 'June', 'Funding', 'earnings', 'belief', 'Comments', 'CEO', 'initiation', 'cancellation', 'immediate', 'Termination', 'right', 'decision', 'assessment', 'emotion', 'broadcast', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Email', 'forward', 'respect', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', '32']",2024-11-26,2024-11-25,taiwannews.com.tw
47200,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-21619062.html,Ekinops Delivers 600G Middle Mile Connectivity to Rural Service Provider Whidbey Telecom,Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 ? EKI)  a leading optical transport and network access specialist  is delivering its Ekinops360 optical transport platform to Whidbey Telecom  a rural service provider based in Washington state ,Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 ? EKI)  a leading optical transport and network access specialist  is delivering its Ekinops360 optical transport platform to Whidbey Telecom  a rural service provider based in Washington state ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['600G Middle Mile Connectivity', 'Rural Service Provider', 'Whidbey Telecom', 'Ekinops', 'Ekinops360 optical transport platform', 'leading optical transport', 'network access specialist', 'rural service provider', 'Euronext Paris', 'Whidbey Telecom', 'Washington state']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,lelezard.com
47201,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/exosens-joins-msci-france-small-170000397.html,Exosens joins the MSCI France Small Cap index,NOVEMBER 2024 EXOSENS JOINS THE MSCI FRANCE SMALL CAP INDEX Exosens (Ticker: EXENS – ISIN: FR001400Q9V2)  a high-tech company focused on providing mission and performance-critical amplification  detection and imaging technology ,ExosensPRESS RELEASEMÉRIGNAC  FRANCE – 25 NOVEMBER 2024EXOSENS JOINS THE MSCI FRANCE SMALL CAP INDEXExosens (Ticker: EXENS – ISIN: FR001400Q9V2)  a high-tech company focused on providing mission and performance-critical amplification  detection and imaging technology  announces that it will join the MSCI France Small Cap index following the quarterly review of the constituents of MSCI indices.The inclusion of Exosens in this index will be effective as of the market close of 25 November 2024.Exosens share is already included in the CAC Small  CAC Mid & Small and CAC All-Tradable indices  and is also a member of Euronext Tech Leaders segment.“We are pleased with the upcoming inclusion of Exosens in the MSCI France Small Cap index  which represents an important milestone as a listed company since our IPO of June 2024. This will contribute to increasing the visibility and the liquidity of our stock in the financial markets”  said Jérôme Cerisier  Chief Executive Officer of Exosens.About ExosensExosens is a high-tech company  with more than 85 years of experience in the innovation  development  manufacturing and sale of high-end electro-optical technologies in the field of amplification  detection and imaging. Today  it offers its customers detection components and solutions such as travelling wave tubes  advanced cameras  neutron & gamma detectors  instrument detectors and light intensifier tubes. This allows Exosens to respond to complex issues in extremely demanding environments by offering tailor-made solutions to its customers. Thanks to its sustained investments  Exosens is internationally recognized as a major innovator in optoelectronics  with production and R&D carried out on 12 sites  in Europe and North America  and with over 1 700 employees. Exosens is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: EXENS – ISIN: FR001400Q9V2). Exosens is included in the CAC Small  CAC Mid & Small and CAC All-Tradable indices  and is a member of Euronext Tech Leaders segment.For more information: exosens.comInvestor RelationsLaurent Sfaxi  l.sfaxi@exosens.comPress RelationsBrunswick  exosens@brunswickgroup.comLaetitia Quignon  + 33 6 83 17 89 13Nicolas Buffenoir  + 33 6 31 89 36 78Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['MSCI France Small Cap index', 'Exosens', 'MSCI FRANCE SMALL CAP INDEX', 'Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'Jérôme Cerisier', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'high-end electro-optical technologies', 'travelling wave tubes', 'light intensifier tubes', 'MSCI indices', 'Euronext Paris', 'R&D', 'CAC Small', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'MÉRIGNAC', 'quarterly review', 'important milestone', 'financial markets', 'advanced cameras', 'gamma detectors', 'instrument detectors', 'complex issues', 'demanding environments', 'sustained investments', 'major innovator', 'North America', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Laetitia Quignon', 'Nicolas Buffenoir', 'high-tech company', 'performance-critical amplification', 'imaging technology', 'upcoming inclusion', 'tailor-made solutions', 'regulated market', 'Laurent Sfaxi', 'detection components', 'Exosens share', '25 NOVEMBER', 'THE', 'Ticker', 'EXENS', 'ISIN', 'mission', 'constituents', 'close', 'member', 'IPO', 'June', 'visibility', 'liquidity', 'stock', '85 years', 'experience', 'innovation', 'development', 'manufacturing', 'sale', 'field', 'customers', 'neutron', 'optoelectronics', 'production', '12 sites', 'Europe', '1,700 employees', 'compartment', 'information', 'Brunswick', 'Attachment']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,uk.finance.yahoo.com
47202,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-shares-now-trade-exclusively-150000762.html,VEON Shares Now Trade Exclusively on Nasdaq in New York,VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON)  a global digital operator (“VEON” or the “Company”)  today announces the consolidation of its share trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market in New York. Effective from today  VEON's common shares are no longer listed or traded on Euronext Amsterdam ,"VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  Dubai and New York  November 25  2024: VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON)  a global digital operator (“VEON” or the “Company”)  today announces the consolidation of its share trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market in New York.Effective from today  VEON's common shares are no longer listed or traded on Euronext Amsterdam  with all public trading of VEON's equity securities now concentrated on Nasdaq. This strategic move is aimed at enhancing trading liquidity and simplifying reporting requirements for the company.""The consolidation of our trading on Nasdaq marks a significant milestone in VEON's capital markets journey. As a US-listed company  VEON offers our investors a unique opportunity to participate in the growth of some of the world’s most dynamic frontier markets. With our shares traded exclusively on Nasdaq  we will continue to focus on improving the accessibility of our growth story for our current and potential investors ” said VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu.VEON has also previously announced the decision to move its Group headquarters to Dubai  in closer proximity to the Company’s Central and South Asian markets and increasing the visibility of VEON for Gulf investors. When the move is completed  VEON will be the largest Nasdaq-listed company with a Group headquarters in Dubai.VEON's common shares will continue to be traded on Nasdaq as American depositary shares (ADSs)  each representing 25 common shares  under the ticker symbol VEON.For VEON’s Euronext Amsterdam shareholders who still hold Common Shares and wish to deposit their Common Shares with the Company’s depositary  The Bank of New York Mellon  in exchange for delivery of ADSs  VEON will continue to pay the ADS issuance fees until 6 December 2024.VEON investors can access further information on VEON’s website: www.veon.com/investors.About VEONVEON is a Nasdaq-listed digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.DisclaimerThis announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Common Shares or ADSs  nor shall there be any sale of the Common Shares or ADSs in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities described in this announcement have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements.Story Continues",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['VEON Shares', 'New York', 'Nasdaq', 'capital markets journey', 'dynamic frontier markets', 'South Asian markets', 'ADS issuance fees', 'global digital operator', 'Nasdaq-listed digital operator', 'New York Mellon', 'largest Nasdaq-listed company', 'Euronext Amsterdam shareholders', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'American depositary shares', 'VEON Group CEO', 'digital services', 'Group headquarters', 'common shares', 'reporting requirements', 'significant milestone', 'unique opportunity', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'closer proximity', 'ticker symbol', 'The Bank', 'converged connectivity', '160 million customers', 'six countries', 'technology-driven services', 'United States', 'applicable exemption', 'share trading', 'public trading', 'equity securities', 'trading liquidity', 'securities laws', 'Securities Act', 'economic growth', 'potential investors', 'Gulf investors', 'strategic move', 'US-listed company', 'registration requirements', 'VEON Ltd', 'growth story', 'VEON investors', 'Dubai', 'consolidation', 'today', 'world', 'accessibility', 'current', 'decision', 'Central', 'visibility', 'ADSs', 'exchange', 'delivery', '6 December', 'information', 'website', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'Disclaimer', 'announcement', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'transaction']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,finance.yahoo.com
47203,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/finance/news/wisdomtree-unveils-physical-ripple-etp-140000583.html,WisdomTree Unveils Physical Ripple ETP in Europe,The WisdomTree Physical XRP (XRPW) is listed on Deutsche Borse  SIX Swiss Exchange  Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.50%. XRPW tracks the Compass Crypto Reference index XRP which provides physically backed exposure to the spot price of ripple (XRP).,WisdomTree has extended its range of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs) with the launch of a ripple exposure.The WisdomTree Physical XRP (XRPW) is listed on Deutsche Borse  SIX Swiss Exchange  Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.50%.XRPW tracks the Compass Crypto Reference index XRP which provides physically backed exposure to the spot price of ripple (XRP).Advertisement AdvertisementXRP is an open-source  permissionless  and decentralized blockchain. It is built specifically for payments as a faster and sustainable alternative to bitcoin.WisdomTree XRPW ETP Exposure Undercuts Euro MarketAlexis Marinof  head of Europe  WisdomTree  said  “This new launch complements our existing lineup of physically-backed cryptocurrency ETPs  providing investors with another solution to enhance their multi-asset portfolios.“Cryptocurrency ETPs represent an efficient way to keep investors in a regulated framework and are becoming the preferred vehicle to access cryptocurrencies.”XRPW is the cheapest ripple ETP exposure in Europe  significantly undercutting the ETC Group Physical XRP (GXRP) at 1.95% and the CoinShares Physical XRP (XRPL) with a total expense ratio (TER) of 1.50%.Advertisement AdvertisementThe launch takes WisdomTree’s physically-backed crypto ETP range to nine strategies  currently housing $1.1 billion in assets.Elsewhere  WisdomTree launched its second efficient core ETF in Europe  providing leveraged exposure to a traditional global 60/40 portfolio.In the U.S.  meanwhile  WisdomTree has 79 ETFs traded on the U.S. markets  with total assets under management of $77.18 billion and an average expense ratio of 0.46%. WisdomTree ETFs can be found in the following asset classes: equity  fixed income  currency  asset allocation  alternatives  and commodities. The largest WisdomTree ETF is the WisdomTree Floating Rate Treasury Fund USFR with $17.25B in assets. In the last trailing year  the best-performing WisdomTree ETF was EPI at 33.43% and the most recent ETF the asset manager launched was the WisdomTree India Hedged Equity Fund (INDH) in May 2024.This article was originally published on our sister site  etfstream.com.Permalink | © Copyright 2024 etf.com. All rights reserved,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Physical Ripple ETP', 'WisdomTree', 'Europe', 'WisdomTree Floating Rate Treasury Fund USFR', 'Compass Crypto Reference index XRP', 'traditional global 60/40 portfolio', 'ETC Group Physical XRP', 'second efficient core ETF', 'The WisdomTree Physical XRP', 'cheapest ripple ETP exposure', 'WisdomTree XRPW ETP Exposure', 'crypto exchange-traded products', 'CoinShares Physical XRP', 'crypto ETP range', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'average expense ratio', 'last trailing year', 'total expense ratio', 'largest WisdomTree ETF', 'performing WisdomTree ETF', 'following asset classes', 'U.S. markets', 'Equity Fund', 'efficient way', 'recent ETF', 'ripple exposure', 'leveraged exposure', 'WisdomTree India', 'asset allocation', 'asset manager', 'Deutsche Borse', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'spot price', 'Advertisement Advertisement', 'open-source, permissionless', 'decentralized blockchain', 'sustainable alternative', 'Euro Market', 'Alexis Marinof', 'existing lineup', 'multi-asset portfolios', 'regulated framework', 'preferred vehicle', 'nine strategies', 'total assets', 'fixed income', 'sister site', 'WisdomTree ETFs', 'cryptocurrency ETPs', 'new launch', '79 ETFs', 'payments', 'faster', 'bitcoin', 'head', 'Europe', 'investors', 'solution', 'cryptocurrencies', 'GXRP', 'XRPL', 'management', 'alternatives', 'commodities', 'EPI', 'INDH', 'May', 'article', 'etfstream', 'Permalink', 'Copyright', 'rights', '0.']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,yahoo.com
47204,EuroNext,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/108016/,VEON delists from Euronext,MOSCOW. Nov 25 (Interfax) - The VEON telecommunications holding has delisted its ADS from the Euronext Amsterdam exchange. The last day of trading on the exchange was Friday  November 22. VEON said it would it would consolidate trading of its shares on the Nasdaq after delisting from Euronext.,VEON delists from EuronextMOSCOW. Nov 25 (Interfax) - The VEON telecommunications holding has delisted its ADS from the Euronext Amsterdam exchange.The last day of trading on the exchange was Friday  November 22.VEON said it would it would consolidate trading of its shares on the Nasdaq after delisting from Euronext.It also plans to launch a share buyback program worth up to $100 million.VEON's largest shareholder is LetterOne  which owns 45.5% of shares. VEON trades on the Nasdaq and Euronext.,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['VEON delists', 'Euronext', 'The VEON telecommunications holding', 'share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'VEON delists', 'last day', 'largest shareholder', 'VEON trades', 'MOSCOW', 'Interfax', 'ADS', 'Friday', 'November', 'trading', 'shares', 'Nasdaq', 'LetterOne']",2024-11-25,2024-11-25,interfax.com
