UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
52434,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.infoq.com/presentations/advanced-message-queuing/,Presentation: Advanced Message Queuing Politics,John O'Hara shares the compelling 18-year saga of the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP)  detailing its evolution from a JPMorgan business problem to an international ISO standard. He explains the technical and political challenges  emphasizing the crit…,"TranscriptO'Hara: Advanced Message Queuing Protocol  we'll talk about what that thing is  but Advanced Message Queuing Politics. We had a keynote here  there was a story about the future. Twenty years ago  AMQP was a story about the future. This is the trip report. It's probably the best way to think about it. It's a story of people and passions and visions and competitors and friends. It's all about people making technology. Once upon a time  there was a bank  it was JPMorgan. Hopefully talking about it is ok here now  all these years later. They had thousands of traders trading equities on five continents. This is the type of picture you'd see in trading rooms around the world. That's not how they do it today. In fact  banks is not where this happens today.Back then  we had this problem  we had all these people  and making the technology of the 1990s  early 2000s work was really tough. One of the things we'd done in the bank  was we'd built this amazing messaging middleware system that could transport positions and price information to each individual trader and tailored for them what they were doing. It worked really well. It worked over slow networks  networks of 256 kilobits in Hong Kong. Incredible stuff. It worked so well that the engineers got bored of it and they moved on to do something else. This became a risk for the business.One enterprising chap in the firm said  I know what  I'll take this software off you and I'll build a company around it. With that company  I'll be able to support you. The bank thought  that sounds like a good idea. That's what happened. The company went off  managed to commercialize the product quite successfully. The CEO was not making as much money as he wanted to make. He looked around at the bank he had left and thought  hmm. At the next renewal  they came in and they asked for an utterly exorbitant amount of money or they'd turn off the trading system. We wondered why they'd spent the last few years building a license manager into it. That is the business case for AMQP.BackgroundI'm John O'Hara. I'm a board member at Adaptive. They make trading technology for the cloud. I'm a board member at the company I founded  Taskize  which is interbank workflow  acquired by Euroclear. I'm an advisor to Fidelity and Man Group. I'm a past executive at all these banks. Today  I do technology advisory and also help mentor startups. That's what I do. Twenty years ago  I was a distinguished engineer at JPMorgan  and I made software. I was really into software.JPMorgan (Investment Bank)JPMorgan  walk along the embankment  and you will come to 60 Victoria Embankment. It's a beautiful building. The front of it is the old city of London Boy's School. It's been preserved immaculately. Behind this  there's a giant office block  a low-rise office block  incredibly high-tech  and it floats in the mud by the Thames. That's the building  floats in the mud. Quite amazing. In the 1990s  2000s  JPMorgan had the saying  ""More PhDs than NASA. More software engineers than Microsoft"". I worked there. I didn't know if that was true  but it certainly felt like it was true. It came home to me after 3 years of working with the bank. I stayed there 16 years. It was only 16 years before I ran out of challenges there. It was an amazing place. They were building an investment bank from scratch. The people were luminous. The challenges were amazing. The technology was great. The funding was ample.Three years in  writing the SWIFT gateway for a derivatives trading system. We put it live. I watched as the first message came up in the system. The first thing it did was make $2 billion of collateral calls. I just stared at the screen and thought  that's the most interesting console message I'll ever see  really brought it home. Over the 16 years  I worked in every part of the bank  front  back  every line of business  chief architect across these different lines of business. All of them used middleware. The middleware was arcane. It often  back in 2002  didn't work at the scale that we were operating at  and we would frequently write our own.By 2002  I had written three middlewares in addition to doing my job. We weren't alone. Other banks were doing this as well. Some were spinning them out and commercializing these things. I thought  this is really annoying. If you were to buy a commercial middleware back then — IBM MQ series came to market in 1993  TIBCO EMS came to market in 1997 — the leading products would charge $25 000 per CPU in 2000. You think  what that would be in today's money. I thought  this is absolutely nuts. This stuff needs to be everywhere. If you get me going over a pint  you'll hear me rant on about microservices and how much I think HTTP is a terrible protocol for microservices. You should be using real middleware.The first thing that banks do when they get an external request from FIX  or from SWIFT  or from anything  is they offload it onto a proper middleware. I wanted someone to sort this out. Someone's going to solve this problem. It's a really obvious problem. This stuff should be in the operating system. It wasn't. Someone's going to solve this.Message-Oriented MiddlewareFirst  what is message-oriented middleware? The easiest way to think of it is  it's managed delivery for your data packaged up into messages and delivered to another computer system. That other computer system might be in a different part of your organization. Might be inside the system you're running. Might be in a different company entirely. Might be in a different part of the world. That's managed delivery. We all know how lovely managed delivery is with our Amazon Prime. We can watch things move. Like  look where the van is now. My goodies will be here really soon. Look  they've given me a picture of my own front door.Imagine if we had that for computer systems. Can you imagine watching your data go? Look  it's in the DMZ now. Look  it's crossed into the other company. Look  it's arrived at the system. Look  they've confirmed they're processing this thing now. If it didn't get there  maybe it would retry for me. It wouldn't come back to me. It wouldn't be my problem. The middleware would retry for me. If something terrible happened  like a transformer fire taking out something  it would send it back to me and say  something really bad has happened here. Isn't it amazing that we have better delivery tracking for packages in the physical world than we do for data packets? Isn't that amazing?What it looks like  and this was alluded to earlier  is the lines between the boxes. The lines are the important part. The lines are the difficult part. If you look at a large organization  it'll have thousands of systems. I think JPMorgan's current system count is 6 000. Bank of America  4 000. These systems aren't uniformly spread around. They're spread around in different islands of politics. Those political boundaries are really important  because they're the parts you don't control.The system you're trying to communicate with is owned by someone else. When you go to build  when you go to construct one of these lines  you're not doing it yourself. You have to negotiate with someone else. You don't get to choose their technology. You don't get to choose when they build it. These are the things that we don't really think about very much as developers. You discover about it when you try and schedule the change. They go  yes  we can do that in 8 months' time. That's a real problem. It's this inter-business. We forget that we're supporting businesses. Someone's paying us these salaries  and they're making more money to do that  and intra-system connections. A big part of our job in IT is to manage these connections. The biggest pain in the head is managing these connections. Wouldn't it be really good if your operating system came with software that made this really easy? It doesn't. The nearest thing we have is  bizarrely  Secure File Transfer Protocol.If you know how that works  you know how really weird and bizarre that is. It's a bit fragile. It was never really meant for this. People say  ""No  John  HTTP APIs"". Lovely idea. The problem is  you have to build too much  and they have to build too much. You go back to what I said earlier. They have to build something. Someone has to pay for those expensive engineers to build it. You have to agree what it is. You're going to work out a protocol  yes? That's expensive  slow. You're not going to get it done. I remember talking to the chief technology officer of my startup  and he was very keen that we'd have an HTTP API. He just went  ""Mark  the clients aren't going to use it. They're just going to want a file"". Build it. Build it anyway. ""We talked to them  they want a file"". Every client wanted a file  because they don't have the time to build them.We have solved this now. We are living in the future. Your AMQP is ready. You have seven different implementations of AMQP that you can install with a simple docker pull command. All of them are industrial strength. Some of them are open source. All of the clients of these products can talk to all of the servers without a recompile. That means if I choose to run RabbitMQ  and you choose to run Microsoft Service Bus  we actually don't need to know. We just need to know we're doing AMQP. My RabbitMQ will talk to your service bus across the company firewalls. That will work. That's pretty amazing. How long has it taken to get here? That's what this is the story of  how we got here. I've got a timeline.Along the bottom  there's a progress bar. It starts at 2002  which is incredible. It's older than QCon. It's older than AWS. It's older than me. On the right  there's today. Everyone knows this XKCD cartoon. We all need one standard  one ring to rule them all  and standards plus one. We're all very aware of this cartoon and how true it is. I really didn't want to do this. Someone's got to fix it. I don't want to do it. I've been working on something called FPML  the Financial Product Markup Language. It was a way of describing financial derivative products. It's really good. We started doing that in 1999. It took 8 years to make FPML version 5  major version 5. That means every version in between was completely incompatible with the version before. Tons of arguing inside our company before we went and argued with other companies. We argued a lot and built protocols that we didn't like  that were too complicated.Eventually  we got to FPML version 5  which is really good. It really is. If you want to learn how derivatives work  it's a fantastic way of learning. I knew how painful this was. I knew how passionately people get involved in this stuff. We like complexity. We get into the problems. We really wrestle with them. Our way is right. Their way is wrong. Solving the problem is easy. Agreeing to do it the same way  that's really hard. You can write a middleware  it turns out  in a week. It takes a lot longer to get everyone to agree to do it the same way. That's where the value is. I really didn't want to do this  but we did.AMQP BeginsIn 2003  the story at the start actually happened. That story really illustrates why you need standards. If you're exposed  dependent  beholden to a single supplier of a technology  the temptation for that supplier to turn around and extort you becomes ever greater the more successful your application is. Do multi-cloud. I've seen this  and I've worked in a lot of places  at least 60. Don't try and guess where these are. I've personally been in a room where financial extortion by a vendor has happened four times.The largest number was $200 million. It's very expensive not to have standards  as that first story is illustrating it. This is why you have AMD to go with Intel. The U.S. Department of Defense didn't want a single supplier. They had seen this game before. AMD was able to do x86 as well because of that. Here  we had to solve a business problem. The business negotiated with the vendor really hard. They managed to secure a 3-year extension at great cost. They resolved never to pay the vendor another cent. They were really angry. This had come from the inside of the company. They were properly angry. We had to get this thing out of a dozen systems  and we had 3 years to do it  and a very hard deadline. The business didn't want to do it. Here we have this opportunity.First  a lot of the systems could just be moved to market data systems. Standard market data systems were working really well now. This is 2003. TibRV was a thing. The Reuters Feeds were all working. It was great. We could just move a whole bunch of the systems straight onto that. That one system with 1000 traders in 5 continents  the way it worked  it couldn't just be moved. It needed something special. It needed a specific solution. This represented a really rare opportunity for a business to fund a technology advancement. I made my pitch. I said  we can do this.The senior manager  rightly wary  they thought  is there any other way? We really don't want to give you technology guys actual money to write stuff. We've seen this game before. It's high risk. We've got 3 years. It's going to be a literal drop-dead date. They thought  can we negotiate even harder with the vendor? They tried that and they realized that  no  the vendor knew too much about us and they thought that they had us completely. The second thing was  can we turn the system off? Do we need this? We're about to stop trading equities this way. Program trading  auto trading  high frequency trading  these are all coming. No  we still need this. Can we bypass the license manager? Funny you should say that. My people tell me we can  but no  we're not going to do that. We're not going to do that  which says something actually about the firm. We decided to do it. JPMorgan was going to commoditize middleware as a side effect of a business problem.Just let this sink in. This is Hursley in Winchester. It's a stately home. It happens to be the home of IBM's mainframe business and IBM MQ series. MQ series was a $2 billion business  I think. I don't know for sure  but I think it was $2 billion business a year back then. Like you do  we had an enterprise visit to IBM. The JPMorgan people and the IBM people  we got together and talked stuff. There were 10 of us down one side of a table and 10 of them down the other side of the table in this grand salon. Imagine it. We're chit-chatting through the day. Halfway through the day  my boss turns to me. He's a chap called Mark Etherington.Mark turns to me and says  ""John  tell them what we're going to do"". I look at Mark  telepathy. He goes  ""Yes  go on"". I turn to IBM  and just imagine this  I just say  ""We're planning to commoditize middleware"". That was the extent of my presentation. There were youngsters  the young engineers in the room. There was silence first  dead silence. Then smiles broke out among the younger engineers. Then looks of grave concern broke out among the older engineers. That is the only thing I remember from that day.I'm really going to do this  this thing I didn't want to do. I had to have a little chat with myself  because I'd seen this rodeo before. First  I'm technical. I knew what I like. I'm going to have ideas. My ideas will probably not survive this process. I am going to be ok with that  I told myself.The second thing is  the mission is to commoditize middleware  not for us to win. That's a really interesting difference. If we commoditize middleware  but AMQP is not the answer  that's ok. That's a really important thing. The next one is  I knew technology guys were going to get passionate. They were going to give of themselves  give of their souls to this process. They were going to give exorbitant amounts of time  above and beyond the call of duty. They're going to get really wrapped up in it. I resolved that contributors should be able to leave their mark. Put their fingerprints on it. Go  that's mine. It's a little something. Leave a mark.The last one  I really love technology. My job is to make this happen. To keep it alive. That's what my job is. Who else cares about standardizing middleware? Who else is that silly? Who else works in an organization that actually knows how to do this stuff really well? Telcos  the actual software vendors  and banks  and only the big ones: JPMorgan  Morgan Stanley  Deutsche  Goldman's. We know how to do this. Who else does? Who else can mobilize a million dollars a year to make it happen? It's an unusual set of qualifications. My job is to make it happen.AMQP was just a side effect of the business project. I was going to call it  A Message Queuing Protocol. We all like our IT jokes. A Message Queuing Protocol. Has to be four letters: HTTP  AMQP  SMTP. Has to be four. It's the industry standard. FTP  I'll ignore that. SFTP  that's why we have SFTP. SSH  I ignore that too. We had a clean room team. Clean room team? We had a messaging team. We had an integration team in Glasgow. We had our test migration team in India. There were 25 people involved in this. At the end of this  we planned to roll this out to the 1000 traders on 5 continents without a hitch. That was the plan.iMatix and OpenAMQ (Patent Risk)Patent risk. Does anyone remember being afraid of software patents? You've got the Alice Corporation ruling in 2014 to be thankful for  that we're no longer afraid of software patents. Most software patents  unless they're bound physically to hardware  are now essentially irrelevant. A business process patent can't be held. If anyone ever has the opportunity to stop software patents coming back  because people are trying to bring them back  make sure they don't come back. They're hell. My point of view may be clear. The patent risk was really real in 2002. We worked out that with patent risk  you're sued really for making. Making is the bad thing. Making is what's going to get you in trouble. People who are patent trolls  they go after the guy with the deepest pockets.Being called JPMorgan doesn't help at this point. We resolved that we're going to specify this really well. We're going to draw on the expertise of the firm and specify this really well  but we would not make it. We're going to pay another company to actually make it  following that specification. I went and set out to find a company that would be good to make this stuff. I found iMatix. I googled and I found iMatix. I liked Pieter Hintjens' work. Pieter Hintjens did work on code generation  on state machines  on web servers. He knew middleware. He really got the vibe. I loved his communication style. He loved the vision. We decided to work together. I need to say at this point that Pieter is no longer with us.Very sadly  he passed away well before his time. He was one heck of a character. Pieter made the first non-JPMorgan contribution. The first fingerprint was Pieter's. Pieter said  ""It must be exciting. We can't call it A Message Queuing Protocol. It must be the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol""  and so it was. That's how it got renamed. I contracted iMatix to build the broker in C. Why? You're all going  why? I wanted to make this an operating system solution. I wanted to make it palatable to those guys in Linux land that apparently have issues with these other programming languages. I thought  we're going to do the hard one. We're going to do the difficult one.Then other people can write the easy ones  Java and stuff. C is so hard. Just build your own bricks  why don't you? I committed to sign co-copyright of the software to iMatix if we went live successfully. We pay you to build it  and if it goes live well  we'll give you the software. We'll pay you for support contracts. We want that business to succeed. We want this to work for you.ActiveMQRight about this time  ActiveMQ appears in the scene. ActiveMQ may have been the first commercial open-source middleware  and built by James Strachan. Ironically  James Strachan had actually worked for JPMorgan at one point  and had actually made a commit to the system we were upgrading. The world's a small place. James had just come from making the Groovy software language. He's a really talented guy. I thought  this is fantastic. Maybe I don't have to do this. Remember  I really don't want to do this. Maybe I don't have to do this. I met with James on Fleet Street on a sunny day. We sat down  had a chat. I tried to convince James that standards were the way. James didn't see the value. James just said  just use ActiveMQ  commercial open source. The commercial imperative to be sticky  to have a USP  to be differentiated  to be able to sell.This is the fundamental tension between standards and vendor commercial proprietary products. When AMQP started making mindshare  James reacted. He published OpenWire  which was essentially a dump of the symbols from ActiveMQ. Call it protocol.2005 to 2011 - AMQP's JourneyWe're still operating in secret at this point. We're doing everything under NDA. I'm running around talking to other banks. I'm running around talking to all these software companies  IBM  Cisco  all manner of companies  Sonic Software  Solace Systems  29West  all manner of companies. We're good at doing that. I have this guy working for me  a guy called John Davies. John's a serial entrepreneur. People undoubtedly know John. A big character. He was between entrepreneurial gigs working for me. He thought AMQP was the most interesting thing that the bank was doing. He went to New York one year and went to the Web Services on Wall Street Conference in 2005  and he just couldn't help himself. He blabbed.In fact  he more than blabbed. He stood up and told everyone. John's a big guy. He's got a lot of presence. People sat up and listened. The press were in the room. This is one of the Finextra  ""JPMorgan promotes open-source messaging system"". John's name's in there. I was annoyed. This was quite a fragile project. We were doing it on the Qt. We were worried about patent risk. I went  this is not good. It was good. Because in that room was David Ingham. David Ingham worked for Microsoft. David thought  that sounds interesting. Also  John Davies  was friends with Alexis Richardson. Alexis was the founder of RabbitMQ. That's how Alexis learned of AMQP. John  all is forgiven. I think what he did that day was very important to this journey.2006 was one heck of a year. In 2006  we had AMQP 0.9  a 130-page specification that was really good. I thought that. iMatix were in the middle of coding with C  and they had decided to do it in multithreaded. What's worse than C? Multithreaded C. Read Rust to understand what's going on there. They were having some problems. This thing was not passing acceptance testing. Months went past  and it just kept locking up. If you program multithreaded C in the early 2000s  Linux didn't really do threads properly. Lots of things didn't work. Today  everything works. Back then  nothing really worked.My project manager  Steve Connolly  was really getting quite concerned. We sat down and thought  we need a plan B. It's time for plan B. We have this super hard deadline. Plan B. One of my guys in Glasgow  a chap called Robert Greig  had written the JMS API for AMQP. We were doing the Java stuff because easy. They were doing C stuff because hard. He'd done a really great job on the JMS API. I went to Robert and said  could you turn the JMS API in Java into a complete broker server implementation? He went  I'll have a go. Two months later  he had done it. He'd done it really well. Robert is a talented guy. OpenAMQ was fixed at that point.The C one  which was called OpenAMQ  got fixed. It passed its tests in May. We went live in November. The business project is a success. We roll this thing out to 1 000 traders in 5 continents. We have this ability to do a slider: old middleware  new middleware. We had bridging technologies and all sorts. The clean room stuff I talked about earlier was because of the litigious nature of the whole relationship  we had an independent team analyzing what the system did and creating specifications for us to map it onto. It was a big deal. It's a huge project. We were able to just go slide. The business didn't skip a heartbeat. It was a tremendous success. The execs were really happy. Because of that  I was really happy because we were able to assign the co-copyright  not exclusive copyright  we had learned that one  to iMatix for OpenAMQ. That was a win.Lots of stuff happened in 2006. 2006  we came out  we went public. We stopped being secret. The AMQP Working Group  which lasted from 2006 to 2011  started in June 2006. JPMorgan  Cisco  it's a great quote here  whenever another large middleware company learned of Cisco's involvement  they called up the guy and said  why are you doing this? Went  you've had a good run  but it's over. iMatix involved IONA  which is now Progress  Red Hat. We had this legal structure. It was a cooperative arrangement. There was no legal entity. No legal entity. It was a whole cooperative contract structure that also had a big amount of licensing patents involved. We had defensive mechanisms built into this.Red Hat and Cisco had such huge patent portfolios  we felt we were wrapping ourselves in safety  because this is still a problem. 2014  we're not there yet. Patents are still a thing. The Linux guys were suing each other. Andy Caddel  the chief intellectual property lawyer at JPMorgan helped us do this. It's a really fantastic set of arrangements. It's worthwhile looking at the agreement structure. We would meet every Wednesday. Come hell or high water  that call happened. Over time  we grew and grew.Still 2006  what a hell of a year. Red Hat  Carl Trieloff was IONA  moved to Red Hat. Carl wanted to give Red Hat a middleware story. Enterprise company  middleware. He talked to Pieter at iMatix to acquire AMQP knowledge  because Red Hat didn't know anything about this. It was moving. We're kind of part of it  but we're not part of it. We're not really in it. We need those skills. How do we get them? He talked to Pieter about some sort of arrangement  and Pieter declined. Pieter declined to partner with Red Hat. He said  we'll go alone. That was his prerogative  his right. It really upset me. I thought  I want OpenAMQ in Linux.I like the idea of installing Linux and getting middleware. You can see where this is coming from. It was unacceptable to me that Red Hat did not have skin in the game. We took Blaze  which is what Robert had called our broker. It's still used. We took Blaze and we licensed it to Red Hat and IONA very discreetly. Red Hat took that and championed it into the Apache Software Foundation. Blaze was a highly trademarked name. Apache said  we can't have that  rename it  so we called it Qpid.Apache Qpid came into existence in the incubator in 2006. Became a top-level project in December 2008. It's very widely used. It's not got anyone really pushing it  but it's used all over the place. There are over 40 systems in JPMorgan running Qpid. It's bulletproof. It's the Switzerland of AMQP  Qpid. A neutral ground. It turns out Rafael Schloming at Red Hat  one of the engineers there  he really had a thing about working on projects that had Star Trek themes. Qpid is named after Q  this character here  who's from Star Trek: Next Generation. He's one of the villains. He's an omnipotent character. Rafael got his fingerprint on this by naming it Qpid.Still 2006  one hell of a year  RabbitMQ begins. Alexis Richardson  he'd wanted to build a financial messaging product  and he'd learned about AMQP's existence from John  from earlier  John Davies. John had gotten a copy of the specification. Alexis was working with a company called LShift. They were a boutique consultancy in Hoxton  here in London.Matthias Radestock and Tony Garnock-Jones  they were doing the prep work for this whole thing. They were looking at Erlang  and thought  this is really interesting for writing distributed systems. Whenever Matthias saw the AMQP spec  he got the joke  because the AMQP spec is beautifully formatted PDF document  but the source code for it is XML. They realized they were able to code generate a huge amount of implementation directly from the specification. They had a broker put together on Erlang really quickly. In February 2007  RabbitMQ is released to the world. Because it's leveraging all of Erlang OTP  it's immediately fast and robust  and it gets this reputation for just working. Alexis and the team were amazing entrepreneurs. I watched them doing developer evangelism. They really ignited passions around this thing.If it wasn't for them having chosen AMQP  and them having been so successful with developer evangelism  I don't think we'd have got as far as we have got. Rabbit was a really big part of the story. Their developer education  everything  the passions people had. To a lot of people  RabbitMQ was AMQP  and AMQP was RabbitMQ  a lot of people. That was interesting.A machine-readable specification. One of my contributions to the project was to make the spec machine-readable. We had this fanatical thing about making the spec extremely complete and unambiguous. I'd seen ambiguous specifications before. If you look at the IETF and some other places  you'll see specs. You go  how do you build this thing? There's just not enough information. I think that's deliberate. I think some vendors half-specify things to make it impossible for competitors to know how the secret sauce works. That's not useful. I had actually tried to implement one of the CORBA Event Service one time  and I thought  how does this work? I've discovered that no one had ever built it before. We resolved not to do that either. This spec has been built multiple times. Inside it was kind of an IDL.Leaf through the XML that's used to generate the PDF  there's all this data that you can use to write a program to read the spec  to generate code in the language of your choice. You've done half the work in a day of making a new client for AMQP. The community around Rabbit really seized on this  because they liked their eclectic technology. A Go client appeared. Everything appeared really quickly  because the community got the joke. Another thing I'd done with it  that I'd insisted in the protocol was to make it asymmetric. It was much easier to write clients than it was to write server  and that really helped.2007  you see our progress bar. It does get faster towards the end. 2007  acmqueue reached out and asked me to write an article for them  which was great  because it added an air of enhanced legitimacy to what we're doing. That was the second most cited article in that particular queue. This is an interesting one. I'm sitting at a desk in JPMorgan. It's the afternoon. My desk phone rings. Desk phones never ring. Why do we have them? In the year 2000  Cisco was the largest telephone handset manufacturer in the world. We all had one. They never rang. I pick it up  go  ""Hello?"" ""Hello  John"". You know an awful lot about me. How'd you get my number? ""The Department of Homeland Security here"".These are not words that strike warmth and coziness into your heart. I thought  what have I done with my visa? Did I leave the little green slip in the visa going to New York or something? They went  ""No  we just thought we'd call up and tell you we've decided to standardize the Customs and Border Patrol protocols on AMQP"". They processed $2 trillion of revenue a year. I think with Donald's changes recently  it might be more than that now. They were really big on this. Wolf Tombe  the CIO of the Department of Homeland Security  CBP  they joined the working group and they really were very active participants  very good participants.Still  2008  Microsoft joins us. It took them a while  but they join us. David Ingham  the guy in the audience at that conference all those years ago  became the editor of the AMQP specification. It was a neutral role and he performed it fantastically well. Very well liked. We didn't see much surface area from Microsoft. Our website traffic to amqp.org quintupled the day they joined. They've got their own gravitational field. We had the sense that something was happening behind David. They were doing something  but we couldn't tell what it was. 2008  we sit back in my chair and go  have we just won? Has this worked? Did we actually achieve everything we set out to achieve? Rabbit helped us correct a few errata in AMQP 0.9. We got 0.9.1  which is a very robust and delightful protocol. We have these multiple high-quality AMQP 0.9.1 implementations. It's being rapidly adopted  but it's not a standard. It's just our little project still with lots of people  but not a standard.If you've started a company  and Alexis inspired me to start my startup. Turned down a job offer at Goldman's  and I started my own company  because life's too easy. Watching him  that was really inspirational. If you start a company  VCs have this phrase  default dead. You have to come into the office every day and make your company be alive. You're willing it into existence. The same was true with this. It's default dead. Every day you have to come in and will it along. People come along throughout because they see you're dragging it from the front  and they're clapping. It's fantastic  keep going. Then one day  it takes on a life of its own. You might not even notice. It's actually quite hard to notice when something stops being default dead. I realized that AMQP was default alive at 0.9.1. In particular  the AMQP Working Group  their work was not yet done.The first breaking change. The working group  the experts that were joining  really hardcore experts  they wanted more. They proposed  they wanted a much stronger session transport. It was the first breaking change. They terribly named it 0-10  because it looks like one. Nobody liked this version of the protocol. The people who used 0.9.1 didn't like it because it was a breaking change. 0.9 was fine. The people who wanted more didn't like it because it didn't go far enough. We ended up with this terrible secret that confused the heck out of everybody  we had two protocols. You think  they just evolve. No  from 0.9.1 to 1.0  yes  it is true  it changed completely. This was a massive thing.It went from being broker-centric  asymmetric  competent  easy-to-write clients  strongly defined queues  impossible to retrofit onto existing products  and we kind of like that. That was a passive-aggressive thing  my point  I think. It was user-friendly. The 1.0 draft was brokered or brokerless. Symmetric  world-class transport. This thing smells like InfiniBand. It's really hard to read. I'd recommend you look at Clemens Vasters' documents at Microsoft? He's got some fantastic descriptions of how the protocol works  but it's awesome. It's properly awesome  and not at all easy to understand. Very hard to write clients  loosely defined queues  and therefore much more easy to retrofit to existing products. It's vendor-friendly. Exchanges are gone. People knew AMQ because  it has exchanges  and no one understood. They're gone.In our San Diego offsite in 2009  I stopped and took this picture. I just thought  we have maybe the brain's thrust of middleware  with the exception of the two largest firms in the space  in this room. We have 29West  we have Solace  we have Goldman's  we have Credit Suisse  we have JPMorgan  we've got Red Hat  we've got Cisco. It was like  what? They're in one room together  and the protocol looked amazing. Great work. The public day we had  a whole bunch. This is San Diego. It's the middle of nowhere  really. A lot of people flew in to see what was going on  and they approved  they liked what they saw. This is a terrible place to have a conference. Matt Arrott was working with the National Science Foundation  Oceanographic Survey Initiative  and they were using AMQP in submarines and stuff like that. They funded Scripps Institute being able to host the conference that year.The people involved in this all really liked each other. It was a fantastic camaraderie. We became really friendly. A lot of us became friends  mostly. iMatix goes its own way. Pieter wanted AMQP to stop the 0.9.1  but it was still evolving. The community was taking on  it was out of any one person's control. I think Pieter thought  I control it  but this had gone out of my control now  remember? I'll not be upset if it's not my ideas. iMatix had sales  but RabbitMQ was winning. He got angry and went in the opposite direction to something he could control. 0MQ was born. 0MQ is a lovely product  and its particular niche is in Jupyter Notebooks and all sorts of stuff. The result  0MQ  the clue is in the name: no queues  no broker. Pieter loudly objected to AMQP's evolution  and actually used that railing against us to publicize 0MQ. Eventually he abandoned OpenAMQ as well whenever our support contract expired  which is unfortunate. That died. It's funny  you see products succeed  products dying.Rabbit  the succeeder  gets even stronger. In 2010  they're acquired by SpringSource  which is amazing. Then SpringSource is immediately acquired by Pivotal Labs. This is becoming a multibillion-dollar organization. Pivotal Labs is ultimately acquired by VMware. This really burnishes Rabbit's enterprise credentials  strength to strength.At this point  IBM notices that all is not well in the middleware world. This was not the plan. We could hear whisperings. They'd never say anything publicly  but we could hear whisperings on the back channel. They released MQTT. MQTT is super simple  super easy to use. It really is genuinely good for IoT  Internet of Things applications. It's definitely not an MQ series competitor  which means it's not an AMQP competitor. It was thrown out there to clear the pitch  to distract  to take away attention from us. It's light. It's sexy. It's cool. Internet of Things. I have it on good authority  this was deliberately done to do that. It started tracking the same process as us  as AMQP. It started tracking OASIS. It started tracking Apache. After 16 years of having a whale of a time at JPMorgan  I get headhunted by Bank of America  and they join the working group.Now we have three of the top five U.S. banks are members of this little AMQP Working Group. Matt Arrott becomes co-chair  because I've got this new job  I've got to really knuckle down and do things  the actual work. JPMorgan starts to transition Qpid towards Red Hat.Standardization of AMQPWe now have this period where we've got a specification that's really good  and no products to implement it. We've got tons of things to implement 0.9.1  but that's not what the working group wants. The working group wants 1.0  and no product implements it. We've got this 2-year wait while engineers meet in rooms around the world  around tables huddled with laptops and coffee  trying to make their software work together. Lots of connect-a-thons.In the meantime  while they're doing that  we get to decide  because we never meant the AMQP Working Group to be permanent. There's no legal entity. We get to decide where we want to land the standard. Where's it going to go? We need two independent implementations to qualify. Where's it going to go? The Internet Engineering Task Force  super cool. A bit anarchic. ISO  super cool  and the other way  quite inaccessible. W3C  webby stuff  not us. No  really  just wasn't us. OASIS. OASIS is a really nice standards body. We liked them  and we liked their processes. Really easy to work in their construct. Also  they were affiliated with ISO. There's this chance that maybe we could follow the path up to the big standard. In 2011  we have the launch party. This was at 270 Park Avenue.If you know New York  this is the building they're rebuilding. This is the giant edifice that's being rebuilt in the middle of Midtown. There's 100 guests there. We had lots of companies  lots of vendors. Software AG  Red Hat  Microsoft  Rabbit  stood up and made commitments in public  attestations of support to the one true protocol. They had running software products. We had live demos in the room that day. Real products  more than two  eligible for Standardization with a capital S. This is who was in the Interop demo: Microsoft  Apache Qpid  RabbitMQ. StormMQ aren't with us anymore  but they were great people in that. INETCO  who are good friends of mine. Angus Telfer there did a whole bunch of stuff just because he was passionate about technology.Time passes  2012  a year passes as the wheels of standardization grind. Nothing changes about the protocol. It doesn't change at all. We get rubber stamped. We are an OASIS international standard. It just took 10 years. This is 10 years from the starting point. Remember I talked about how difficult it was to write the transport in AMQP 1.0. Apache Qpid ended up being the parking lot for lots of software to make it easy for people to write that transport. Now  we decided to go for ISO. Microsoft helped us. That's a difficult process because countries vote on whether you should become a standard. A majority of countries have to agree. As an interstitial  it'd be interesting to think about the participation rates.At the end  60 people were involved in making that international standard. Participation had grown in every single version of the specification. In the end  91 people have been credited in some version of the AMQP specifications. There are hundreds more who took part in this. I really want to thank them. We couldn't have done this without all those people working together. It's not an engineering problem. It's a people problem. We become ISO 19464. ISO has a very strong gravitational pull. All the products converge. It takes a while. All the products converge. Eighteen years after that meeting in Hursley  all the products converged. I didn't notice  it was done very quietly. MQ series 9.3 is AMQP 1.0 compatible. It made me smile. Mission complete. Here are some numbers you need to know.RabbitMQ is the most widely deployed AMQP implementation with 54 000 customers and 1 billion downloads from Docker Hub. Microsoft have the largest AMQP 1.0 infrastructure. They process 10 trillion messages a day on service bus. They're all AMQP 1.0. That's what they were doing quietly in the background. They architected the entire thing around AMQP. It's amazing.Lessons LearnedWhat did we learn? A dedicated leader is necessary. I didn't expect how much this would be a people thing. Everyone needs a business case. It's not obvious. You need a business case. Every individual needs to know why they're there. If they don't have that  they won't be able to stay the course. It will take longer than you think. Get the resources. Find a standards body earlier than we did. Specify comprehensively. You will not regret it. A lack of backwards compatibility can be fatal  but it didn't kill us. A product is not a standard  James. Anybody else? Don't formalize until things work as expected. Vendors and users have fundamentally different needs. The needs from a vendor and a standard are different  but you have to accommodate them and balance them. That's what we did. We had AMQP  ISO 19464  world-class messaging for everyone.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.14,0.44,True,English,"['Advanced Message Queuing Politics', 'Presentation', 'Advanced Message Queuing Politics', 'Advanced Message Queuing Protocol', 'amazing messaging middleware system', 'interesting console message', ""Transcript O'Hara"", 'One enterprising chap', ""John O'Hara"", 'giant office block', 'low-rise office block', 'IBM MQ series', 'early 2000s work', 'derivatives trading system', 'More software engineers', 'first message', 'amazing place', 'terrible protocol', 'More PhDs', 'trading rooms', 'trip report', 'best way', 'five continents', 'price information', 'individual trader', 'Hong Kong', 'good idea', 'next renewal', 'exorbitant amount', 'license manager', 'board member', 'interbank workflow', 'Man Group', 'past executive', 'distinguished engineer', 'old city', 'London Boy', 'collateral calls', 'chief architect', 'different lines', 'three middlewares', 'commercial middleware', 'TIBCO EMS', 'leading products', 'real middleware', 'external request', 'proper middleware', 'first thing', 'trading technology', 'slow networks', '60 Victoria Embankment', 'beautiful building', 'SWIFT gateway', 'technology advisory', 'Incredible stuff', 'obvious problem', 'business case', 'Investment Bank', 'Other banks', 'keynote', 'story', 'future', 'AMQP', 'people', 'passions', 'visions', 'competitors', 'friends', 'time', 'JPMorgan', 'thousands', 'traders', 'equities', 'type', 'picture', 'world', 'fact', '1990s', 'things', 'positions', '256 kilobits', 'something', 'risk', 'firm', 'company', 'CEO', 'money', 'last', 'years', 'Background', 'Adaptive', 'cloud', 'Taskize', 'Euroclear', 'Fidelity', 'mentor', 'startups', 'front', 'School', 'mud', 'Thames', 'saying', 'NASA', 'Microsoft', 'challenges', 'scratch', 'funding', 'screen', 'part', 'scale', 'addition', 'job', 'market', 'CPU', 'today', 'pint', 'rant', 'microservices', 'HTTP', 'FIX', 'someone']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,infoq.com
52435,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/08/08/3129930/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 31 July 2025 to 6 August 2025  Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 February 2025 ......,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 31 July 2025 to 6 August 2025Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 February 2025   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 31 July 2025 to 6 August 2025  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 41 189 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 31 July 2025 to 6 August 2025:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 31 July 2025 Euronext Brussels 9 189 35.00 36.25 33.00 321 615 MTF CBOE — MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 1 August 2025 Euronext Brussels 8 000 36.66 37.10 35.95 293 280 MTF CBOE — MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 4 August 2025 Euronext Brussels 8 000 36.27 36.45 35.95 290 160 MTF CBOE — MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 5 August 2025 Euronext Brussels 8 000 36.52 36.65 36.40 292 160 MTF CBOE — MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 6 August 2025 Euronext Brussels 8 000 36.71 36.85 36.55 293 680 MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — Total 41 189 36.20 37.10 33.00 1 490 895Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 5 200 shares during the period from 31 July 2025 to 6 August 2025 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 4 600 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 31 July 2025 to 6 August 2025:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 31 July 2025 2 200 33.84 34.25 33.00 74 448 1 August 2025 1 200 33.26 36.60 36.00 39 912 4 August 2025 800 36.15 36.20 36.00 28 920 5 August 2025 600 36.47 36.50 36.40 21 882 6 August 2025 400 36.65 36.70 36.60 14 660 Total 5 200 179 822Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 31 July 2025 2 200 35.00 36.00 34.00 77 000 1 August 2025 600 36.58 36.90 36.25 21 948 4 August 2025 800 36.21 36.40 36.05 28 968 5 August 2025 600 36.53 36.60 36.40 21 918 6 August 2025 400 36.78 36.80 36.75 14 712 Total 4 600 164 546The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 36 522 shares.On 6 August 2025 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 374 660 own shares  or 4.51% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.1,0.15,0.75,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'total maximum consideration', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'next tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'outstanding shares', 'Total Amount', 'same period', '41 189 shares', '5 200 shares', '4 600 shares', '36 522 shares', 'Update', '31 July', '6 August', '28 February', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '1 August', '4 August', '5 August', '25 June', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '2 374 660']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,globenewswire.com
52436,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4128470.html,Accor Plus to Rebrand as ALL Accor+ Explorer across Asia-Pacific,Accor Plus  a travel loyalty subscription programme in the Asia-Pacific region  will rebrand and transition all existing memberships to a new format under the ALL Accor+ Explorer subscription from October 1  2025. The updated subscription will inclu...,Accor Plus  a travel loyalty subscription programme in the Asia-Pacific region  will rebrand and transition all existing memberships to a new format under the ALL Accor+ Explorer subscription from October 1  2025.The updated subscription will include guaranteed ALL Accor Gold status or higher within Accor’s global loyalty programme  two complimentary nights per year  and wider global discounts. Existing members will automatically be upgraded to the ALL Accor+ Explorer membership.The shift aligns with the broader growth of subscription models globally. ALL Accor+ Explorer will provide members with access to two free nights annually across Asia-Pacific  hotel stays at up to 50 per cent off under the Red Hot Rooms offer  and a 15 per cent discount off public rates at over 4 500 hotels worldwide under more than 30 hotel brands.Dining discounts include 30 per cent off food and 15 per cent off drinks at more than 1 600 restaurants and 1 200 bars across the region. Members will also receive 30 Status Nights annually  securing ALL Accor Gold status  which includes benefits such as room upgrades  early check-in and late check-out  where available. Additional benefits include priority access to limited-time offers and member-only events.Accor Plus stated that the upgraded membership benefits were informed by research conducted with more than 7 000 members and 200 hotels across 12 countries in October 2024. CEO Emilie Couton said the company reviewed data and feedback over the past 18 months to align the subscription with current member expectations.The rebranded subscription will be integrated into the wider ALL Accor global loyalty platform  allowing members to use benefits while earning and redeeming ALL Accor Reward points and Status Nights through a single booking system and app.In 2024  Accor Plus members stayed five times more nights than non-members  with more than 3.1 million room nights booked. They also redeemed over one billion reward points and accessed more than 2 300 exclusive offers.ALL Accor+ Explorer will apply across more than 25 Accor hotel brands in Asia-Pacific  including Raffles  Fairmont  Sofitel  MGallery  Pullman  Swissôtel  Mövenpick  Novotel  Mercure  Tribe  ibis and others. It also offers a 15 per cent discount on stays at over 30 brands globally and includes ALL Accor Gold status or above.All active Accor Plus members will be automatically upgraded from October 1. New members can subscribe at S$299 (US$222) per year.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ALL Accor+ Explorer', 'Accor Plus', 'Asia-Pacific', 'wider ALL Accor global loyalty platform', 'Red Hot Rooms offer', 'one billion reward points', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'ALL Accor Reward points', 'ALL Accor+ Explorer membership', 'ALL Accor Gold status', 'travel loyalty subscription programme', 'ALL Accor+ Explorer subscription', 'global loyalty programme', 'active Accor Plus members', 'wider global discounts', 'CEO Emilie Couton', 'current member expectations', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'two complimentary nights', 'two free nights', 'single booking system', '15 per cent discount', '3.1 million room nights', 'world-leading hospitality group', '25 Accor hotel brands', 'booking platform', '30 Status Nights', 'responsible hospitality', 'Accor promise', 'Accor SA', 'accor.com', 'Dining discounts', 'room upgrades', 'membership benefits', '30 hotel brands', '45 hotel brands', 'hotel stay', 'subscription models', 'existing memberships', 'new format', 'broader growth', 'public rates', 'early check', 'limited-time offers', 'member-only events', 'past 18 months', '2,300 exclusive offers', 'Swissôtel', 'Mövenpick', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'heartfelt care', 'CAC 40 index', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'The Group', 'New members', 'Additional benefits', 'unique experiences', 'priority access', 'Asia-Pacific region', '30 per', '30 brands', '7,000 members', 'stays', 'October', 'year', 'shift', '4,500 hotels', 'food', 'drinks', '1,600 restaurants', '1,200 bars', 'research', '200 hotels', '12 countries', 'company', 'data', 'feedback', 'rebranded', 'app', 'non', 'Raffles', 'Fairmont', 'Sofitel', 'MGallery', 'Pullman', 'Novotel', 'Mercure', 'Tribe', 'ibis', 'others', '110 countries', '5,600 hotels', 'resorts', '10,000 bars', 'industry', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'mission', 'purpose', 'cultures', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,hospitalitynet.org
52437,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4128459.html,ALL Thanks To You: Accor hosts celebratory events for partners,Accor has once again extended a heartfelt “ALL Thanks To You” to its valued business partners  as part of a now-annual event celebrating loyalty and collaboration.,Accor has once again extended a heartfelt “ALL Thanks To You” to its valued business partners  as part of a now-annual event celebrating loyalty and collaboration.In 2025  the ALL Thanks To You client appreciation weeks took place across 17 cities in the Asia Pacific region. In the Pacific  the week-long programmes in Sydney  Melbourne and Auckland saw Accor’s national sales team join forces with approximately 75 participating hotels from Australia  New Zealand  Thailand  and Singapore  spanning 18 of the Group’s brands – with the largest ever sales force mobilisation across the Pacific to date.The initiative included personalised sales calls and engaging events that brought clients from all key segments together  from Travel Management Companies and Online Agencies to corporates  entertainment  Meeting & Events  sport  airlines and beyond. The engagements also featured three major evenings of appreciation at Sofitel Sydney Darling Harbour  Sofitel Melbourne on Collins  and Pullman Auckland Hotel and Apartments.Each event was designed to shine a light on Accor’s leading brands through immersive experiences that celebrated the essence of each brand – all delivered with a spirit of hospitality and gratitude.Pullman – Mindful Moment: Art is in Pullman’s DNA  with guests invited to get creative with a city-themed colouring wall.– Mindful Moment: Art is in Pullman’s DNA  with guests invited to get creative with a city-themed colouring wall. Novotel – Make Every Moment Count: A resort-style photo backdrop offering guests the chance to relax and take home a holiday-inspired photo keepsake.– Make Every Moment Count: A resort-style photo backdrop offering guests the chance to relax and take home a holiday-inspired photo keepsake. Mövenpick – Sweet Moment: A decadent chocolate station to capture the indulgent spirit of the Mövenpick brand.– Sweet Moment: A decadent chocolate station to capture the indulgent spirit of the Mövenpick brand. ibis – Playful Moment: The ibis Lounge brings the brand’s energetic spirit to life with DJs  saxophonists  and entertainers in a vibrant  music-filled setting.The client weeks presented an opportunity for sales teams to reaffirm Accor’s commitment to its partners - sharing updates on new hotel developments  brand evolution  and sustainability milestones as part of the Group’s journey toward net zero by 2050.Expressing our appreciation to our valued clients and partners is one of the most important moments in our year.It is the perfect opportunity to pause and say thank you for the trust and partnership that helps us thrive. We are incredibly proud of the momentum that we are building across the Pacific and beyond  and these weeks are all about celebrating that  together. Adrian Williams  Accor Pacific Chief Operating OfficerFrom luxury to economy  Accor operates more than 20 international brands across Australia  New Zealand  Fiji and French Polynesia  including Sofitel  MGallery  Art Series  Pullman  Swissôtel  Mövenpick  Grand Mercure  Peppers  The Sebel  Mantra  Handwritten Collection  Novotel  TRIBE  Mercure  BreakFree  ibis  ibis Styles and ibis budget  as well as Ennismore’s Hyde  SO/ and Mondrian. Visit ALL Accor.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Naomi HammondCommunications Manager - Pacific+61(0) 434 738 380Accor,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['celebratory events', 'Accor', 'partners', 'Accor Pacific Chief Operating Officer', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Naomi Hammond Communications Manager', 'Sofitel Sydney Darling Harbour', 'Travel Management Companies', 'three major evenings', 'themed colouring wall', 'resort-style photo backdrop', 'holiday-inspired photo keepsake', 'decadent chocolate station', 'vibrant, music-filled setting', 'national sales team', 'sales force mobilisation', 'personalised sales calls', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'Asia Pacific region', 'new hotel developments', 'The ibis Lounge', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Mövenpick brand', 'client appreciation weeks', 'Pullman Auckland Hotel', 'sales teams', 'client weeks', 'hotel stay', 'responsible hospitality', 'New Zealand', 'The Sebel', '45 hotel brands', 'week-long programmes', 'key segments', 'Online Agencies', 'brand evolution', 'sustainability milestones', 'important moments', 'Adrian Williams', 'French Polynesia', 'Swissôtel', 'Handwritten Collection', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'booking platform', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'CAC 40 index', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'The Group', 'Sofitel Melbourne', 'Mindful Moment', 'Sweet Moment', 'Playful Moment', 'ibis Styles', 'ibis budget', 'leading brands', 'indulgent spirit', 'energetic spirit', '20 international brands', 'immersive experiences', 'unique experiences', 'annual event', '75 participating hotels', 'engaging events', 'perfect opportunity', 'Grand Mercure', 'loyalty program', 'heartfelt care', 'ALL Accor', 'Accor promise', 'Accor SA', 'business partners', 'Art Series', '5,600 hotels', 'collaboration', 'place', '17 cities', 'forces', 'Australia', 'Thailand', 'Singapore', 'largest', 'date', 'initiative', 'clients', 'corporates', 'entertainment', 'Meeting', 'sport', 'airlines', 'engagements', 'Collins', 'Apartments', 'light', 'essence', 'gratitude', 'DNA', 'guests', 'city', 'Novotel', 'chance', 'life', 'DJs', 'saxophonists', 'entertainers', 'commitment', 'journey', 'net', 'valued', 'year', 'trust', 'partnership', 'momentum', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Fiji', 'MGallery', 'Peppers', 'Mantra', 'TRIBE', 'BreakFree', 'Ennismore', 'Hyde', 'Mondrian', 'stays', '110 countries', 'resorts', '10,000 bars', 'restaurants', 'industry', 'members', 'access', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'mission', 'purpose', 'cultures', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok', '2050']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,hospitalitynet.org
52438,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/08/08/3130216/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-declaration-of-the-number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-July-31-2025.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of July 31  2025,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — August 8  2025                  Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of July...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — August 8  2025Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of July 31  2025Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of July 31  2025  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 345 084 220Number of voting rights*: 2 019 290 319*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investor Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  370 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez : Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe / Déborah Cobbi+33 1 61 62 87 73 / +33 1 61 62 70 83arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com / deborah.cobbi@3ds.comAttachment,neutral,0.19,0.81,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'July', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Service', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Déborah Cobbi', 'Press Release', 'voting rights', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'E-mail address', 'human progress', 'virtual worlds', 'real life', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'outstanding shares', 'total number', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'August', 'Declaration', 'July', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'Investors', '3ds', 'catalyst', 'company', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', '370 000 customers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'deborah', 'Attachment', '1']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,globenewswire.com
52439,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/08/08/3129912/0/en/AVTL-to-develop-new-terminal-in-JNPA-India.html,AVTL to develop new terminal in JNPA  India,AVTL to develop new terminal in JNPA  IndiaRotterdam  the Netherlands  8 August 2025In India  AVTL announced a positive final investment decision to build a greenfield terminal for 132k cbm LPG and 318k cbm liquid products and a LPG bottling plant of 35 000MT…,AVTL to develop new terminal in JNPA  IndiaRotterdam  the Netherlands  8 August 2025In India  AVTL announced a positive final investment decision to build a greenfield terminal for 132k cbm LPG and 318k cbm liquid products and a LPG bottling plant of 35 000MT capacity in the JNPA port in Mumbai. This is AVTL's second terminal in the JNPA port which will help grow its market share in servicing a highly industrialized and fast growing hinterland of West and central regions in India. The terminal is expected to be commissioned in phases starting mid 2026.The full investment amount of EUR 170 million  of which the Vopak share is EUR 70 million  will be funded by AVTL. AVTL has recently completed an IPO ( link IPO press release ).Vopak is a 42.23% shareholder in AVTL. Vopak's global growth strategy includes industrial and gas infrastructure and infrastructure needed for the energy transition.About AVTLAVTL  a publicly listed company  is the largest Indian third-party owner and operator of tank storage terminals for liquified petroleum gas and liquid products in terms of storage capacity. AVTL  along with its subsidiaries  owns and operates a network of storage tank terminals (LPG and chemicals) across six Indian ports.About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak helps the world flow forward. At ports around the world  we provide storage and infrastructure solutions for vital products that enrich everyday life. These products include liquids and gases that provide energy for homes and businesses  chemicals for manufacturing products  and edible oils for cooking. For all of these  our worldwide network of terminals supports the global flow of supply and demand. For more than 400 years  Royal Vopak has been at the forefront of fundamental transformations. With a focus on safety  reliability  and efficiency  we create new connections and opportunities that drive progress. Now more than ever  our talented people are applying this mindset to support the energy transition. Together with our partners and customers  we are accelerating the development of infrastructure solutions for hydrogen  ammonia  CO₂  battery energy storage systems  and low-carbon fuels & feedstocks – paving the way to a more sustainable future. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.com.For more information please contact:Vopak Press: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication - global.communication@vopak.comVopak Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations- investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.49,0.0,True,English,"['new terminal', 'AVTL', 'JNPA', 'India', 'CO₂, battery energy storage systems', 'positive final investment decision', 'largest Indian third-party owner', '318k cbm liquid products', 'full investment amount', 'fast growing hinterland', '132k cbm LPG', 'global growth strategy', 'liquified petroleum gas', 'six Indian ports', 'LPG bottling plant', 'tank storage terminals', 'storage tank terminals', 'Manager External Communication', 'IPO press release', 'storage capacity', 'energy transition', 'global flow', 'gas infrastructure', 'vital products', 'manufacturing products', '35,000MT capacity', 'market share', 'central regions', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'fundamental transformations', 'new connections', 'talented people', 'low-carbon fuels', 'sustainable future', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vopak Press', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'new terminal', 'greenfield terminal', 'second terminal', 'infrastructure solutions', 'JNPA port', 'Vopak share', 'Royal Vopak', 'worldwide network', 'Vopak Analysts', 'Investor Relations', 'AVTL', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Mumbai', 'industrialized', 'West', 'phases', 'link', '42.23% shareholder', 'company', 'operator', 'terms', 'subsidiaries', 'chemicals', 'liquids', 'gases', 'homes', 'businesses', 'cooking', 'supply', 'demand', '400 years', 'forefront', 'focus', 'safety', 'reliability', 'efficiency', 'opportunities', 'progress', 'mindset', 'partners', 'customers', 'development', 'hydrogen', 'ammonia', 'feedstocks', 'way', 'information', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,globenewswire.com
52440,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/08/08/3130374/0/en/Nyxoah-Receives-Approval-from-FDA-for-Genio-System-for-the-Treatment-of-Obstructive-Sleep-Apnea.html,Nyxoah Receives Approval from FDA for Genio® System for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea,INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATION  Nyxoah Receives Approval from FDA for Genio® System for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep ApneaU.S.......,"INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Receives Approval from FDA for Genio® System for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep ApneaU.S. Commercialization Officially LaunchedMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – August 8  2025  10:10pm CET / 4:10pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company that develops breakthrough treatment alternatives for Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) through neuromodulation  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the Genio system for a subset of patients with moderate to severe OSA with an Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) of greater than or equal to 15 and less than or equal to 65.Genio is a different approach to hypoglossal nerve stimulation (HGNS) for the treatment of OSA. Genio’s unique design utilizes bilateral stimulation  and offers patients a leadless  full-body 1.5T and 3T MRI compatible  non-implanted battery solution  powered and controlled by a wearable component. The wearable component is fully upgradable  providing Genio patients with access to this technology without requiring additional surgeries for technology updates or battery replacements.""Today marks a defining moment for Nyxoah and for U.S. patients suffering from OSA. With the FDA’s marketing approval of the Genio system  we are proud to bring this innovative therapy to the U.S. market ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer. “Our mission has always been to make sleep simple for OSA patients by offering them a solution that empowers better sleep. We look forward to the successful execution of our U.S. commercialization strategy.”The Genio system’s FDA approval was supported by the high-quality  differentiated safety and efficacy data from the Company's DREAM pivotal trial. The DREAM study met both its primary and secondary endpoints demonstrating an AHI responder rate of 63.5% and an Oxygen Desaturation Index responder rate of 71.3%  with an overall median AHI reduction of 70.8%. Additionally  82.0% of all DREAM subjects saw their AHI scores drop below 15 or lower.Importantly  the DREAM study demonstrated that Genio is efficacious regardless of a patient's sleeping position and  to our knowledge the only therapy with such clinical evidence in a large  multicenter  prospective clinical study using data from a full night polysomnography. This is a critical differentiator as on average  people sleep in a supine position between 35% and 40% of the night. The DREAM study measured position-specific outcomes and demonstrated a 66.6% median AHI reduction while patients slept in a supine position despite the fact that the number of airway obstructions can double in this position. This reduction compares favorably to the 71.0% reduction in AHI shown while patients slept in a non-supine position.""The Genio system's approval represents a major addition to the treatment options available to physicians treating patients with OSA ” said Colin Huntley MD  Associate Professor  Department of Otolaryngology Head & Neck Surgery  Thomas Jefferson University. “This unique bilateral stimulation technology has demonstrated consistent efficacy across all sleeping positions  including the challenging supine position  while maintaining an excellent safety profile.”About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat OSA. Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company announced positive outcomes from the DREAM IDE pivotal study and U.S. FDA approval of a Premarket Approval application.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ or managements’ current expectations regarding the Genio system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio system; the potential advantages of the Genio system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio system; the Company's commercialization strategy and entrance to the U.S. market; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 20  2025  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahJohn Landry  CFOIR@nyxoah.comFor MediaIn United StatesFINN Partners – Alyssa Paldoalyssa.paldo@finnpartners.comIn International/GermanyMC Services – Anne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.euIn Belgium/FranceBackstage Communication – Gunther De Backergunther@backstagecom.beAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'Genio® System', 'Nyxoah', 'Approval', 'FDA', 'Treatment', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'large, multicenter, prospective clinical study', 'Oxygen Desaturation Index responder rate', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'overall median AHI reduction', 'U.S. commercialization strategy', 'unique bilateral stimulation technology', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'AHI responder rate', 'U.S. Food', 'U.S. market', 'hypoglossal nerve stimulation', 'DREAM pivotal trial', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'The DREAM study', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'high-quality, differentiated safety', 'Colin Huntley MD', 'Thomas Jefferson University', 'excellent safety profile', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'leadless, full-body 1.5T', 'two successful IPOs', 'CE mark approval', 'Premarket Approval application', 'U.S. patients', '66.6% median AHI reduction', 'full night polysomnography', 'BLAST OSA study', 'breakthrough treatment alternatives', 'challenging supine position', 'The Genio system', 'medical technology company', 'Apnea-Hypopnea Index', 'clinical evidence', 'unique design', 'DREAM subjects', 'technology updates', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'successful execution', 'AHI scores', 'successful completion', 'marketing approval', 'innovative therapy', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Genio® System', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'Drug Administration', 'moderate to', 'different approach', 'wearable component', 'additional surgeries', 'battery replacements', 'defining moment', 'Olivier Taelman', 'secondary endpoints', 'sleeping position', 'critical differentiator', 'position-specific outcomes', 'airway obstructions', 'major addition', 'Associate Professor', 'Otolaryngology Head', 'Neck Surgery', 'consistent efficacy', 'innovative solutions', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Concentric Collapse', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'treatment options', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CCC) patients', 'Genio patients', '10:10pm CET', 'severe OSA', 'efficacy data', 'lead solution', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'OSA patients', 'Nyxoah SA', '71.0% reduction', '4:10pm', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'August', 'NYXH', 'neuromodulation', 'subset', 'HGNS', 'access', 'Today', 'mission', 'primary', 'knowledge', 'average', 'people', 'fact', 'number', 'physicians', 'Department', 'development', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'Complete', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', 'entrance', 'results', 'operations', 'financi']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,globenewswire.com
52441,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/08/08/3129916/0/en/Nicox-Extends-Existing-Flexible-Equity-Financing.html,Nicox Extends Existing Flexible Equity Financing,Press Release Nicox Extends Existing Flexible Equity Financing  5 million shares added to the existing equity financing line with Vester Finance NCX...,5 million shares added to the existing equity financing line with Vester FinanceNCX 470 Denali confirmatory Phase 3 results expected mid-August to mid-September 2025 August 08  2025 – release at 7:30 amSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced an extension of the PACEO1 equity line of financing entered into with Vester Finance on March 5  2025  with an additional maximum of 5 000 000 shares (a maximum of 6.43% of the currently issued share capital2 and 4.26% on a fully-diluted basis3). The other terms of the financing  as announced on March 6  2025  remain unchanged  including the conditions and issue price of the additional shares4.Based on estimated cash and debt positions and expected income from existing agreements  the Company estimates that it is financed into Q3 2026. This cash runway excludes proceeds from the financing announced today but could be further extended depending on the performance of it. If any of the assumptions around estimated income or costs change  this may impact the cash runway of the Company.Under the terms of the amendment signed on August 7  2025  Vester Finance agreed to subscribe for an additional maximum of up to 5 000 000 additional shares in the Company  at its own initiative  on terms as set out in the Press Release of March 6  2025. For information purposes only  at the current share price5  the total gross proceeds of the additional shares in this financing would potentially be €3.1 million. Assuming full use of the extension to this equity line  a shareholder holding 1.00% of Nicox’s capital before the transaction would see a reduction in his stake to 0.94% of the capital. The Company may terminate this agreement at any time without penalty.This transaction was authorized by the Chief Executive Officer using a delegation granted by the meeting of the Board of Directors of August 7  2025  who themselves used the delegation granted by the General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company on June 27  2025  under the 13th resolution6. There is no requirement for a prospectus to be submitted to the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF).Vester Finance  who holds approximately 4% of the share capital  is acting in the capacity as a shareholder of Nicox and also as an investor who may sell all or part of the shares over a short or long period time.Risk FactorsRisks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in section 3 of the “Rapport Annuel 2024” which is available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com).The sale of the shares is likely to have an impact on the volatility and liquidity of the stock  as well as on the Company's share price.The number of shares issued under this transaction and admitted to trading will be announced on the Company's website.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['Existing Flexible Equity Financing', 'Nicox', 'NCX 470 Denali confirmatory Phase 3 results', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'existing equity financing line', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'PACEO1 equity line', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'total gross proceeds', 'long period time', 'current share price', 'international ophthalmology company', 'to 5,000,000 additional shares', 'existing agreements', 'issue price', 'share capital2', 'Vester Finance', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'diluted basis', 'debt positions', 'information purposes', 'full use', '13th resolution', 'Risk Factors', 'Risks factors', 'material effect', 'Rapport Annuel', 'additional maximum', 'cash runway', '5 million shares', 'Press Release', 'General Meeting', 'The Company', 'other terms', 'Nicox SA', '5,000,000 shares', 'August', 'mid-September', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'extension', 'conditions', 'income', 'Q3', 'performance', 'assumptions', 'costs', 'amendment', 'initiative', 'shareholder', 'transaction', 'reduction', 'stake', 'penalty', 'delegation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'June', 'requirement', 'prospectus', 'AMF', 'capacity', 'investor', 'part', 'short', 'business', 'section', 'website', 'sale', 'impact', 'volatility', 'liquidity', 'stock', 'number', 'trading', '7:30']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,globenewswire.com
52442,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/08/08/mutual-of-america-capital-management-llc-decreases-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Decreases Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Mutual of America Capital Management LLC trimmed its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 2.9% during the first quarter  HoldingsChannel reports. The institutional investor owned 18 326 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after s…,Mutual of America Capital Management LLC trimmed its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 2.9% during the first quarter  HoldingsChannel reports. The institutional investor owned 18 326 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 552 shares during the period. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $5 485 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in PSA. Ameriflex Group Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at $30 000. Strategic Investment Solutions Inc. IL purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at approximately $32 000. Opal Wealth Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth $36 000. Parvin Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at approximately $38 000. Finally  Wayfinding Financial LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage in the 1st quarter valued at about $41 000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesA number of analysts recently commented on PSA shares. Mizuho lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $287.00 to $309.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday  May 28th. Barclays lowered their price target on Public Storage from $354.00 to $351.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Friday  May 16th. Evercore ISI increased their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $308.00 to $309.00 and gave the stock an “in-line” rating in a research report on Monday. BNP Paribas upgraded Public Storage to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Tuesday  June 24th. Finally  BMO Capital Markets downgraded Public Storage from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $340.00 to $325.00 in a report on Friday  June 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have assigned a hold rating  eight have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat.com  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $335.57.Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of PSA stock opened at $283.74 on Friday. The company has a quick ratio of 1.77  a current ratio of 1.77 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.04. The business has a 50 day moving average of $291.79 and a two-hundred day moving average of $295.41. The company has a market cap of $49.78 billion  a P/E ratio of 30.94  a PEG ratio of 4.11 and a beta of 0.86. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $256.60 and a 52 week high of $369.99.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $4.28 earnings per share for the quarter  beating the consensus estimate of $4.23 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $1.20 billion for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.20 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 38.13% and a return on equity of 34.06%. Public Storage’s quarterly revenue was up 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year  the firm posted $4.23 EPS. As a group  analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.7 EPS for the current year.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.45,0.55,True,English,"['America Capital Management LLC', 'Public Storage', 'Mutual', 'Holdings', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Opal Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Parvin Asset Management LLC', 'Strategic Investment Solutions Inc.', 'America Capital Management LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '50 day moving average', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Wayfinding Financial LLC', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'concise daily summary', 'recent SEC filing', 'Ameriflex Group Inc.', 'latest 13F filings', 'other hedge funds', '35% common equity interest', 'other institutional investors', 'One research analyst', 'Public Storage Daily', 'market perform” rating', 'quarterly earnings data', 'Get Free Report', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'consensus target price', 'net margin', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'price target', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'market cap', 'consensus rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'consensus estimate', 'price objective', 'research report', 'neutral” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'new position', 'Evercore ISI', 'BNP Paribas', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quarterly revenue', 'current year', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'first quarter', '4th quarter', '1st quarter', 'same quarter', 'new stake', 'HoldingsChannel reports', 'June 20th', 'same period', 'United States', 'NYSE:PSA', 'PSA stock', 'MarketBeat.com', 'PSA shares', '40 states', '18,326 shares', '552 shares', 'Mutual', 'number', 'changes', 'positions', 'company', 'Downgrades', 'analysts', 'Mizuho', 'Wednesday', 'Barclays', 'Friday', 'May', 'line', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'debt', 'business', 'beta', '52 week', 'firm', 'return', '3 EPS', '16.7 EPS', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'Ratings']",2025-08-08,2025-08-09,etfdailynews.com
52443,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1109905610/Nyxoah-Receives-Approval-From-FDA-For-Genio-System-For-The-Treatment-Of-Obstructive-Sleep-Apnea,Nyxoah Receives Approval From FDA For Genio® System For The Treatment Of Obstructive Sleep Apnea,Nyxoah Receives Approval from FDA for Genio® System for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea,"EQS-News: Nyxoah SA. / Key word(s): Regulatory ApprovalNyxoah Receives Approval from FDA for Genio® System for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea08.08.2025 / 23:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Nyxoah Receives Approval from FDA for Genio® System for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea U.S. Commercialization Officially Launched Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – August 8  2025  11:30pm CET / 5:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the“Company”)  a medical technology company that develops breakthrough treatment alternatives for Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) through neuromodulation  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the Genio system for a subset of patients with moderate to severe OSA with an Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) of greater than or equal to 15 and less than or equal to 65. Genio is a different approach to hypoglossal nerve stimulation (HGNS) for the treatment of OSA. Genio's unique design utilizes bilateral stimulation  and offers patients a leadless  full-body 1.5T and 3T MRI compatible  non-implanted battery solution  powered and controlled by a wearable component. The wearable component is fully upgradable  providing Genio patients with access to this technology without requiring additional surgeries for technology updates or battery replacements. ""Today marks a defining moment for Nyxoah and for U.S. patients suffering from OSA. With the FDA's marketing approval of the Genio system  we are proud to bring this innovative therapy to the U.S. market ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah's Chief Executive Officer.“Our mission has always been to make sleep simple for OSA patients by offering them a solution that empowers better sleep. We look forward to the successful execution of our U.S. commercialization strategy.” The Genio system's FDA approval was supported by the high-quality  differentiated safety and efficacy data from the Company's DREAM pivotal trial. The DREAM study met both its primary and secondary endpoints demonstrating an AHI responder rate of 63.5% and an Oxygen Desaturation Index responder rate of 71.3%  with an overall median AHI reduction of 70.8%. Additionally  82.0% of all DREAM subjects saw their AHI scores drop below 15 or lower. Importantly  the DREAM study demonstrated that Genio is efficacious regardless of a patient's sleeping position and  to our knowledge the only therapy with such clinical evidence in a large  multicenter  prospective clinical study using data from a full night polysomnography. This is a critical differentiator as on average  people sleep in a supine position between 35% and 40% of the night. The DREAM study measured position-specific outcomes and demonstrated a 66.6% median AHI reduction while patients slept in a supine position despite the fact that the number of airway obstructions can double in this position. This reduction compares favorably to the 71.0% reduction in AHI shown while patients slept in a non-supine position. ""The Genio system's approval represents a major addition to the treatment options available to physicians treating patients with OSA ” said Colin Huntley MD  Associate Professor  Department of Otolaryngology Head & Neck Surgery  Thomas Jefferson University.“This unique bilateral stimulation technology has demonstrated consistent efficacy across all sleeping positions  including the challenging supine position  while maintaining an excellent safety profile.” About Nyxoah Nyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat OSA. Nyxoah's lead solution is the Genio system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world's most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest. Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors' therapy. Additionally  the Company announced positive outcomes from the DREAM IDE pivotal study and U.S. FDA approval of a Premarket Approval application. For more information  please visit . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio system; the potential advantages of the Genio system; Nyxoah's goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio system; the Company's commercialization strategy and entrance to the U.S. market; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the“Risk Factors” section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 20  2025  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts: NyxoahJohn Landry  CFO... For MediaIn United StatesFINN Partners – Alyssa Paldo... In International/GermanyMC Services – Anne Hennecke... In Belgium/FranceBackstage Communication – Gunther De Backer...08.08.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive atLanguage: English Company: Nyxoah SA. Rue Edouard Belin 12 1435 Mont-Saint-Guibert Belgium E-mail: ... Internet: ISIN: BE0974358906 WKN: A2QCWK Listed: Regulated Unofficial Market in Dusseldorf  Frankfurt  Munich  Stuttgart EQS News ID: 2181764End of News EQS News Service",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.32,0.11,True,English,"['Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'Genio® System', 'Nyxoah', 'Approval', 'FDA', 'The', 'Treatment', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea U.S. Commercialization', 'large, multicenter, prospective clinical study', 'Oxygen Desaturation Index responder rate', 'U.S. commercialization strategy', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'overall median AHI reduction', 'unique bilateral stimulation technology', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'U.S. Food', 'U.S. market', 'AHI responder rate', 'hypoglossal nerve stimulation', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'DREAM pivotal trial', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'U.S. patients', 'The DREAM study', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'high-quality, differentiated safety', 'Colin Huntley MD', 'Thomas Jefferson University', 'excellent safety profile', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'leadless, full-body 1.5T', 'two successful IPOs', 'CE mark approval', 'Premarket Approval application', '66.6% median AHI reduction', 'full night polysomnography', 'BLAST OSA study', 'breakthrough treatment alternatives', 'implanted battery solution', 'medical technology company', 'challenging supine position', 'The Genio system', 'Apnea-Hypopnea Index', 'clinical evidence', 'unique design', 'DREAM subjects', 'technology updates', 'battery replacements', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'successful execution', 'AHI scores', 'successful completion', 'innovative therapy', ""competitors' therapy"", 'Genio® System', 'Regulatory Approval', 'marketing approval', 'Key word', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'Drug Administration', 'different approach', 'wearable component', 'additional surgeries', 'defining moment', 'Olivier Taelman', 'secondary endpoints', 'sleeping position', 'critical differentiator', 'position-specific outcomes', 'airway obstructions', 'major addition', 'Associate Professor', 'Otolaryngology Head', 'Neck Surgery', 'consistent efficacy', 'innovative solutions', 'lead solution', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Concentric Collapse', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'potential advantages', 'Company directors', 'treatment options', 'CCC) patients', 'Genio patients', 'severe OSA', 'efficacy data', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Nyxoah SA', 'OSA patients', 'Nyxoah Nyxoah', '71.0% reduction', 'EQS-News', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'August', 'CET', '5:30pm', 'NYXH', 'neuromodulation', 'subset', 'moderate', 'HGNS', 'access', 'Today', 'mission', 'primary', 'knowledge', 'average', 'people', 'fact', 'number', 'physicians', 'Department', 'development', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'Complete', 'information', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', '23', '11:30']",2025-08-09,2025-08-09,menafn.com
