UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
27937,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINGERPRINT-CARDS-AB-PUB-27811939/news/Notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-Fingerprint-Cards-AB-publ-44370166/,Notice of extraordinary general meeting in Fingerprint Cards AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) The shareholders of Fingerprint Cards AB   Reg. No. 556154-2381   are hereby invited to attend an Extraordinary General Meeting to be held at 10:00 a.m. on 18 August 2023  at Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå  Hamngatan 2  SE-111 47  Stoc…,The shareholders of Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556154-2381 (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” or “Fingerprint”)  are hereby invited to attend an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM” or the “Meeting”) to be held at 10:00 a.m. on 18 August 2023  at Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå  Hamngatan 2  SE-111 47  Stockholm  Sweden. The entrance to the Meeting will open at 9:30 a.m.The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to the Company’s articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.A. Right to participate at the MeetingIn order to participate in the EGM  shareholders shall:be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of10 August 2023  and give notice of attendance at the Meeting to the Company in accordance with the instructions set out in the section “B. Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxy” no later than on 14 August 2023  or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions set out in the section “C. Voting by post” no later than on 14 August 2023.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation or submit a postal vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on 14 August 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than on 14 August 2023  are taken into account when preparing the share register.B. Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxyShareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting in person or through a proxy must notify the Company of their intention to attend the EGM no later than 14 August 2023  either viawww.fingerprints.com  by telephone +46 (0) 771-24 64 00  by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se or by mail to Computershare AB  “Fingerprint Cards EGM”  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden.On giving notice of attendance  shareholders must state their name  personal or corporate identity number  address  telephone number  e-mail address and details of their shareholdings and anyattending advisors. A proxy form for shareholders wishing to participate via proxy will be available from the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com. Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated Power of Attorney authorizing the representation. If a Power of Attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the registration certificate or the equivalent for the issuing legal entity must be appended. To facilitate the entrance  the Power of Attorney and registration certificate must be sent by mail to the Company at the above-stated address in due time prior to the EGM. A Power of Attorney must be presented in original. It is valid for no more than a year from issuance unless a longer period is stated in the Power of Attorney  however no more than five years from the issuance.C. Voting by postShareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights by postal voting shall use any of the methods listed below.Website Voting: Voting may be done electronically through signing with Bank-ID on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.co m ; Email Voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the voting form available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.co m   and then emailing such form to the email address proxy@computershare.se   together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (see below). Regular Mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the voting form available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.co m   and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (see below) to the following address Computershare AB  ”Fingerprint Cards EGM”  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm  Sweden.A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation  must have been received by Computershare AB no later than on 14 August 2023. If received later  the vote will be disregarded.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the Meeting in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the Meeting’s secretariat prior to the opening of the Meeting.If the shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated Power of Attorney shall be enclosed with the voting form. A proxy form is provided upon request and will be available from the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com. If a Power of Attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the registration certificate or the equivalent for the issuing legal entity must be appended.For questions regarding the postal voting process  please contact Computershare AB  ph. +46 (0) 771 24 64 00  weekdays between 9:00–16:00 (CEST).D. Matters to be addressed at the MeetingProposed agenda:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of two persons to attest the minutes6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Resolution to amend the articles of association8. Resolution on authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on a directed issue of convertible bonds9. Resolution on subsequent approval of the Board of Directors’ decision on an issue of shares of shareswith preferential rights for existing shareholders10. Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutionItem 2 –Election of chairman for the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the lawyer Mikael Borg  admitted to the Swedish Bar Association  will be appointed chairman of the meeting or  in the event of his absence  a person appointed by the Board of Directors.Item 7 – Resolution to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend § 4 and § 5 in the Company’s articles of association in order to increase the limits for the maximum permitted share capital and the maximum permitted number of shares as well as the number of shares of each class that may be issued. The general meeting’s resolution under this item 7 shall be conditional on the general meeting approving the proposals under items 8 and 9 below.Current wording Proposed wording § 4 Share capital § 4 Share capital The share capital shall amount to not less than SEK 6 000 000 and not more than SEK 24 000 000. The number of shares shall not be fewer than 150 000 000 and not exceed 600 000 000. The share capital shall amount to not less than SEK 18 480 000 and not more than SEK 73 920 000 . The number of shares shall not be fewer than 424 450 000 and not exceed 1 697 800 000 . § 5 Classes of shares § 5 Classes of shares The Company’s shares may be issued in two classes  designated Class A carrying ten (10) votes per share and Class B carrying one (1) vote per share. Class A shares may be issued in a maximum number of 45 000 000 and Class B shares in a maximum number of 555 000 000.When requested by holders of Class A shares  the Board shall arrange the conversion of the holders’ Class A shares to Class B shares. The conversion request shall be submitted in writing to the Board of Directors The request shall state the number of shares that the holder wishes to convert.In January each year  the Board of Directors will address questions pertaining to the conversion to Class B shares for those Class A shares for which the holders have requested conversion during the immediately preceding calendar year. However  should the Board finds grounds thereto  the Board is permitted to address conversion issues even at other times. Conversions shall be reported for registration without delay and conversion shall become effective as soon as registration has been completed. The Company’s shares may be issued in two classes  designated Class A carrying ten (10) votes per share and Class B carrying one (1) vote per share. Class A shares may be issued in a maximum number of 127 335 000 and Class B shares in a maximum number of 1 570 465  000 .When requested by holders of Class A shares  the Board shall arrange the conversion of the holders’ Class A shares to Class B shares. The conversion request shall be submitted in writing to the Board of Directors The request shall state the number of shares that the holder wishes to convert.In January each year  the Board of Directors will address questions pertaining to the conversion to Class B shares for those Class A shares for which the holders have requested conversion during the immediately preceding calendar year. However  should the Board finds grounds thereto  the Board is permitted to address conversion issues even at other times. Conversions shall be reported for registration without delay and conversion shall become effective as soon as registration has been completed.Authorisation to make minor adjustmentsThe Board of Directors  or the person authorised by the Board of Directors  shall be entitled to make the adjustments to the general meeting’s resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 8 – Resolution on authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on a directed issue of convertible bondsBackgroundOn 16 July 2023  the Company announced that the Board of Directors had entered into a subscription agreement with an entity managed by Heights Capital Management  Inc. (“HCM”) regarding an undertaking to subscribe for convertible bonds that can be converted to shares of series B (the “Bonds”) amounting to a nominal amount of not more than SEK 250 million comprising two tranches. The first tranche comprises Bonds with a total nominal amount of SEK 160 million (“Tranche 1”) and the Company also has an option to issue a second tranche comprising Bonds with a total nominal amount of SEK 90 million (“Tranche 2”) that can be exercised under certain conditions.ProposalIn light of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to during the time up until 31 December 2023  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  resolve upon the issuance of Bonds amounting to not more than MSEK 250 with a tenor of no longer than three years and six months and with a fixed six percent interest on the outstanding nominal amount per annum  payable bi-monthly (the “Bond Issue”). Subscription of Bonds shall be paid for in cash and the subscription amount shall be equal to 92 percent of the nominal amount of the Bonds. The authorisation shall be limited so that the Board of Directors may not resolve upon a Bond Issue that entail that the share capital or number of shares in the Company after such conversion of Bonds exceeds the limits in the articles of association when the Board of Directors resolve on an issue in accordance with the authorisation. If the Board of Directors resolves on the Bond Issue  the proceeds shall firstly be used to finance early total redemption of the Company’s outstanding bond loan 2021/2024 with ISIN SE0017071855 and secondly for general corporate purposes  including increased investments within the Company’s growth segment. The authorisation may only be exercised if the Company prior thereto has completed the Rights Issue (as defined under item 9 below).Conditions for completionThe resolution under this item 8 is conditional upon the general meeting approving the resolution under item 9 below.Item 9 – Resolution on subsequent approval of the Board of Directors’ decision on an issue of shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersBackgroundOn 16 July 2023  the Company announced that the Board of Directors had decided on a fully guaranteed issue of shares of series B (“B-shares”) amounting to approximately SEK 180 million with preferential rights for existing shareholders (the “Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue”) and an issue of ordinary shares of series A (“A-shares” and together with B-shares “Shares”) amounting to approximately SEK 3.4 million with preferential rights for existing shareholders (together with the Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue  the “Rights Issue”).ProposalThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ decision to carry out the Rights Issue  mainly on the terms and conditions set out below.Decision on the final terms and conditionsThe Board of Directors will  no later than on 16 August 2023  decide on the maximum amount by which the Company’s share capital may be increased with  the number of Shares to be issued (including the number of subscription rights to which each existing Share in the Company shall entitle and the number of Shares that each subscription right shall entitle to subscribe) and the subscription price to be paid for each Share. The subscription price and other subscription conditions shall be the same for each A-share as for each B-share.Subscription rightThe record date for the right to participate in the Rights Issue shall be 24 August 2023. Each holder of A-shares and B-shares have preferential right to subscribe for new shares of the same class in proportion to the number of shares previously held (primary preferential right). A-shares and/or B-shares not subscribed for with primary preferential right shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential right). In the event that not all shares are subscribed for by exercising subscription rights  the Board of Directors shall  within the maximum limit of the Rights Issue  decide on allotment of shares subscribed for without exercising of subscription rights in accordance with the following allotment principals:(a) Firstly  allotment of shares shall be granted to those who have subscribed for shares by exercising subscription rights  regardless if the they were registered as shareholders’ on the record date or not  and in the event of over-subscription  pro rata in relation to their subscription by exercising subscription rights  and to the extent this is not possible  by drawing lots (b) Secondly  allotment of shares shall be granted to others who have subscribed for shares without exercising subscription rights  and in the event of over-subscription  pro rata in relation to the subscribed amount  and to the extent this is not possible  by drawing lots  and(c) Thirdly  allotment of shares shall be granted to others who have guaranteed the Rights Issue  pro rata in relation to the guarantee commitments given.The new shares shall carry the right to dividend for the first time on the dividend record date that follows immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden. Subscription of shares by exercising subscription rights shall be made between 28 August 2023 and 11 September 2023 through payment in cash. Subscription of shares without exercising subscription rights shall be carried out on a separate application form during the same period. Payment for shares subscribed for without exercising subscription rights shall be made through payment in cash no later than 15 September 2023. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period as well as the payment period. The premium from the Rights Issue shall be transferred in its entirety to the unrestricted statutory reserve. The Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments to the general meeting’s resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB. The new A-shares are subject to a conversion clause in the articles of association in accordance with Chapter 4  Section 6 in the Swedish Companies Act.Conditions for completionThe resolution under this item 9 is conditional upon the general meeting approving the resolution under item 8 above.E. Majority requirementsA resolution to approve the proposal under item 7 and item 8 above is valid only where it is supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Meeting.F. Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request that the Board of Directors and CEO provide information at the EGM in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. The obligation to provide information also applies to the Company’s relationship to other group companies. Information must be provided if possible to provide such information without significant harm to the Company.G. Documentation and number of shares and votesDocumentation will be available at the Company and on its website  www.fingerprints.com  no later than three weeks prior to the EGM. These documents will also be sent to shareholders requesting such documentation and who have provided their postal address.As of the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 424 492 719(7 875 000 A-shares and 416 617 719 B-shares). The total number of votes amounts to 495 367 719. At the time of this notice  the Company holds 3 800 000 B-shares in treasury.H. Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  see the privacy notice on Euroclear Sweden AB’s and Computershare AB’s respective website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy_notice_BOSS_20181023.pdf andhttps://www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr#English.Gothenburg in July 2023Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.03,mixed,0.31,0.03,0.66,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'Fingerprint Cards AB', 'Notice', 'other authorization documents', 'other authorization documentation', 'corporate identity number', 'P.O. Box', 'issuing legal entity', 'Fingerprint Cards AB', 'Fingerprint Cards EGM', 'Voting right registrations', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Computershare AB', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'other instructions', 'Danielsson Advokatbyrå', 'telephone number', 'certified copy', 'longer period', 'five years', 'physical copy', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'Email Voting', 'share register', 'postal vote', 'email address', 'following address', 'voting form', 'due time', 'specific instructions', 'C. Voting', 'a year', 'Regular Mail', 'dated Power', 'Website Voting', 'proxy form', 'B. Notice', 'A Power', '10:00 a', '9:30 a', 'A.', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'Company', '18 August', 'Gernandt', 'Hamngatan', 'SE', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'articles', 'association', 'person', 'order', '10 August', 'attendance', 'accordance', '14 August', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'participation', 'procedures', 'advance', 'account', 'intention', 'details', 'shareholdings', 'advisors', 'Attorney', 'equivalent', 'original', 'issuance', 'methods', 'Bank-ID', 'completion', 'options', 'point', 'entirety', 'conditions', 'text', 'opening', '102']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27938,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707465/0/en/Notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-Fingerprint-Cards-AB-publ.html,Notice of extraordinary general meeting in Fingerprint Cards AB (publ),The shareholders of Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556154-2381 (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” or “Fingerprint”)  are hereby invited to attend an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM” or the “Meeting”) to be held at 10:00 a.m. on 18 August 202…,English SwedishThe shareholders of Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556154-2381 (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” or “Fingerprint”)  are hereby invited to attend an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM” or the “Meeting”) to be held at 10:00 a.m. on 18 August 2023  at Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå  Hamngatan 2  SE-111 47  Stockholm  Sweden. The entrance to the Meeting will open at 9:30 a.m.The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to the Company’s articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.A. Right to participate at the MeetingIn order to participate in the EGM  shareholders shall:be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of10 August 2023  and give notice of attendance at the Meeting to the Company in accordance with the instructions set out in the section “B. Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxy” no later than on 14 August 2023  or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions set out in the section “C. Voting by post” no later than on 14 August 2023.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation or submit a postal vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on 14 August 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than on 14 August 2023  are taken into account when preparing the share register.B. Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxyShareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting in person or through a proxy must notify the Company of their intention to attend the EGM no later than 14 August 2023  either viawww.fingerprints.com  by telephone +46 (0) 771-24 64 00  by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se or by mail to Computershare AB  “Fingerprint Cards EGM”  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden.On giving notice of attendance  shareholders must state their name  personal or corporate identity number  address  telephone number  e-mail address and details of their shareholdings and anyattending advisors. A proxy form for shareholders wishing to participate via proxy will be available from the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com. Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated Power of Attorney authorizing the representation. If a Power of Attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the registration certificate or the equivalent for the issuing legal entity must be appended. To facilitate the entrance  the Power of Attorney and registration certificate must be sent by mail to the Company at the above-stated address in due time prior to the EGM. A Power of Attorney must be presented in original. It is valid for no more than a year from issuance unless a longer period is stated in the Power of Attorney  however no more than five years from the issuance.C. Voting by postShareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights by postal voting shall use any of the methods listed below.Website Voting: Voting may be done electronically through signing with Bank-ID on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com; Email Voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the voting form available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com  and then emailing such form to the email address proxy@computershare.se  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (see below). Regular Mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the voting form available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com  and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (see below) to the following address Computershare AB  ”Fingerprint Cards EGM”  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm  Sweden.A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation  must have been received by Computershare AB no later than on 14 August 2023. If received later  the vote will be disregarded.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the Meeting in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the Meeting’s secretariat prior to the opening of the Meeting.If the shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated Power of Attorney shall be enclosed with the voting form. A proxy form is provided upon request and will be available from the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com. If a Power of Attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the registration certificate or the equivalent for the issuing legal entity must be appended.For questions regarding the postal voting process  please contact Computershare AB  ph. +46 (0) 771 24 64 00  weekdays between 9:00–16:00 (CEST).D. Matters to be addressed at the MeetingProposed agenda:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of two persons to attest the minutes6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Resolution to amend the articles of association8. Resolution on authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on a directed issue of convertible bonds9. Resolution on subsequent approval of the Board of Directors’ decision on an issue of shares of shares with preferential rights for existing shareholders10. Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutionItem 2 – Election of chairman for the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the lawyer Mikael Borg  admitted to the Swedish Bar Association  will be appointed chairman of the meeting or  in the event of his absence  a person appointed by the Board of Directors.Item 7 – Resolution to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend § 4 and § 5 in the Company’s articles of association in order to increase the limits for the maximum permitted share capital and the maximum permitted number of shares as well as the number of shares of each class that may be issued. The general meeting’s resolution under this item 7 shall be conditional on the general meeting approving the proposals under items 8 and 9 below.Current wording Proposed wording § 4 Share capital § 4 Share capital The share capital shall amount to not less than SEK 6 000 000 and not more than SEK 24 000 000. The number of shares shall not be fewer than 150 000 000 and not exceed 600 000 000. The share capital shall amount to not less than SEK 18 480 000 and not more than SEK 73 920 000 . The number of shares shall not be fewer than 424 450 000 and not exceed 1 697 800 000 . § 5 Classes of shares § 5 Classes of shares The Company’s shares may be issued in two classes  designated Class A carrying ten (10) votes per share and Class B carrying one (1) vote per share. Class A shares may be issued in a maximum number of 45 000 000 and Class B shares in a maximum number of 555 000 000.When requested by holders of Class A shares  the Board shall arrange the conversion of the holders’ Class A shares to Class B shares. The conversion request shall be submitted in writing to the Board of Directors The request shall state the number of shares that the holder wishes to convert.In January each year  the Board of Directors will address questions pertaining to the conversion to Class B shares for those Class A shares for which the holders have requested conversion during the immediately preceding calendar year. However  should the Board finds grounds thereto  the Board is permitted to address conversion issues even at other times. Conversions shall be reported for registration without delay and conversion shall become effective as soon as registration has been completed. The Company’s shares may be issued in two classes  designated Class A carrying ten (10) votes per share and Class B carrying one (1) vote per share. Class A shares may be issued in a maximum number of 127 335 000 and Class B shares in a maximum number of 1 570 465  000 .When requested by holders of Class A shares  the Board shall arrange the conversion of the holders’ Class A shares to Class B shares. The conversion request shall be submitted in writing to the Board of Directors The request shall state the number of shares that the holder wishes to convert.In January each year  the Board of Directors will address questions pertaining to the conversion to Class B shares for those Class A shares for which the holders have requested conversion during the immediately preceding calendar year. However  should the Board finds grounds thereto  the Board is permitted to address conversion issues even at other times. Conversions shall be reported for registration without delay and conversion shall become effective as soon as registration has been completed.Authorisation to make minor adjustmentsThe Board of Directors  or the person authorised by the Board of Directors  shall be entitled to make the adjustments to the general meeting’s resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 8 – Resolution on authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on a directed issue of convertible bondsBackgroundOn 16 July 2023  the Company announced that the Board of Directors had entered into a subscription agreement with an entity managed by Heights Capital Management  Inc. (“HCM”) regarding an undertaking to subscribe for convertible bonds that can be converted to shares of series B (the “Bonds”) amounting to a nominal amount of not more than SEK 250 million comprising two tranches. The first tranche comprises Bonds with a total nominal amount of SEK 160 million (“Tranche 1”) and the Company also has an option to issue a second tranche comprising Bonds with a total nominal amount of SEK 90 million (“Tranche 2”) that can be exercised under certain conditions.ProposalIn light of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to during the time up until 31 December 2023  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  resolve upon the issuance of Bonds amounting to not more than MSEK 250 with a tenor of no longer than three years and six months and with a fixed six percent interest on the outstanding nominal amount per annum  payable bi-monthly (the “Bond Issue”). Subscription of Bonds shall be paid for in cash and the subscription amount shall be equal to 92 percent of the nominal amount of the Bonds. The authorisation shall be limited so that the Board of Directors may not resolve upon a Bond Issue that entail that the share capital or number of shares in the Company after such conversion of Bonds exceeds the limits in the articles of association when the Board of Directors resolve on an issue in accordance with the authorisation. If the Board of Directors resolves on the Bond Issue  the proceeds shall firstly be used to finance early total redemption of the Company’s outstanding bond loan 2021/2024 with ISIN SE0017071855 and secondly for general corporate purposes  including increased investments within the Company’s growth segment. The authorisation may only be exercised if the Company prior thereto has completed the Rights Issue (as defined under item 9 below).Conditions for completionThe resolution under this item 8 is conditional upon the general meeting approving the resolution under item 9 below.Item 9 – Resolution on subsequent approval of the Board of Directors’ decision on an issue of shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersBackgroundOn 16 July 2023  the Company announced that the Board of Directors had decided on a fully guaranteed issue of shares of series B (“B-shares”) amounting to approximately SEK 180 million with preferential rights for existing shareholders (the “Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue”) and an issue of ordinary shares of series A (“A-shares” and together with B-shares “Shares”) amounting to approximately SEK 3.4 million with preferential rights for existing shareholders (together with the Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue  the “Rights Issue”).ProposalThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ decision to carry out the Rights Issue  mainly on the terms and conditions set out below.Decision on the final terms and conditionsThe Board of Directors will  no later than on 16 August 2023  decide on the maximum amount by which the Company’s share capital may be increased with  the number of Shares to be issued (including the number of subscription rights to which each existing Share in the Company shall entitle and the number of Shares that each subscription right shall entitle to subscribe) and the subscription price to be paid for each Share. The subscription price and other subscription conditions shall be the same for each A-share as for each B-share.Subscription rightThe record date for the right to participate in the Rights Issue shall be 24 August 2023. Each holder of A-shares and B-shares have preferential right to subscribe for new shares of the same class in proportion to the number of shares previously held (primary preferential right). A-shares and/or B-shares not subscribed for with primary preferential right shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential right). In the event that not all shares are subscribed for by exercising subscription rights  the Board of Directors shall  within the maximum limit of the Rights Issue  decide on allotment of shares subscribed for without exercising of subscription rights in accordance with the following allotment principals:(a) Firstly  allotment of shares shall be granted to those who have subscribed for shares by exercising subscription rights  regardless if the they were registered as shareholders’ on the record date or not  and in the event of over-subscription  pro rata in relation to their subscription by exercising subscription rights  and to the extent this is not possible  by drawing lots (b) Secondly  allotment of shares shall be granted to others who have subscribed for shares without exercising subscription rights  and in the event of over-subscription  pro rata in relation to the subscribed amount  and to the extent this is not possible  by drawing lots  and(c) Thirdly  allotment of shares shall be granted to others who have guaranteed the Rights Issue  pro rata in relation to the guarantee commitments given.The new shares shall carry the right to dividend for the first time on the dividend record date that follows immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden. Subscription of shares by exercising subscription rights shall be made between 28 August 2023 and 11 September 2023 through payment in cash. Subscription of shares without exercising subscription rights shall be carried out on a separate application form during the same period. Payment for shares subscribed for without exercising subscription rights shall be made through payment in cash no later than 15 September 2023. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period as well as the payment period. The premium from the Rights Issue shall be transferred in its entirety to the unrestricted statutory reserve. The Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments to the general meeting’s resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB. The new A-shares are subject to a conversion clause in the articles of association in accordance with Chapter 4  Section 6 in the Swedish Companies Act.Conditions for completionThe resolution under this item 9 is conditional upon the general meeting approving the resolution under item 8 above.E. Majority requirementsA resolution to approve the proposal under item 7 and item 8 above is valid only where it is supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Meeting.F. Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request that the Board of Directors and CEO provide information at the EGM in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. The obligation to provide information also applies to the Company’s relationship to other group companies. Information must be provided if possible to provide such information without significant harm to the Company.G. Documentation and number of shares and votesDocumentation will be available at the Company and on its website  www.fingerprints.com  no later than three weeks prior to the EGM. These documents will also be sent to shareholders requesting such documentation and who have provided their postal address.As of the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 424 492 719(7 875 000 A-shares and 416 617 719 B-shares). The total number of votes amounts to 495 367 719. At the time of this notice  the Company holds 3 800 000 B-shares in treasury.H. Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  see the privacy notice on Euroclear Sweden AB’s and Computershare AB’s respective website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy_notice_BOSS_20181023.pdf andhttps://www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr#English.Gothenburg in July 2023Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.03,mixed,0.25,0.09,0.66,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'Fingerprint Cards AB', 'Notice', 'other authorization documents', 'other authorization documentation', 'corporate identity number', 'P.O. Box', 'issuing legal entity', 'Fingerprint Cards AB', 'Fingerprint Cards EGM', 'Voting right registrations', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Computershare AB', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'other instructions', 'English Swedish', 'Reg. No.', 'Danielsson Advokatbyrå', 'telephone number', 'certified copy', 'longer period', 'five years', 'physical copy', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'C. Voting', 'Email Voting', 'share register', 'postal vote', 'email address', 'following address', 'voting form', 'due time', 'specific instructions', 'Regular Mail', 'computershare.se', 'a year', 'Website Voting', 'dated Power', 'proxy form', 'B. Notice', '10:00 a', '9:30 a', 'A.', 'shareholders', 'Company', '18 August', 'Gernandt', 'Hamngatan', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'articles', 'association', 'person', 'order', '10 August', 'attendance', 'accordance', 'section', '14 August', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'participation', 'procedures', 'advance', 'account', 'intention', 'details', 'shareholdings', 'advisors', 'Attorney', 'representation', 'equivalent', 'original', 'issuance', 'methods', 'Bank-ID', 'completion', 'options', 'point', 'entirety', 'conditions', 'text', 'secretariat', 'openi', '102']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27939,Euroclear,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/92803/,Euroclear received 1.743 bln euros interest on frozen Russian assets in H1,MOSCOW. July 20 (Interfax) - Euroclear received 1.743 billion euros interest on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets in H1 2023  the company said in a report. Such interest earnings are driven by prevailing interest rates and the amount of cash balances that Euroclear is required to invest  it said.,Euroclear received 1.743 bln euros interest on frozen Russian assets in H1MOSCOW. July 20 (Interfax) - Euroclear received 1.743 billion euros interest on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets in H1 2023  the company said in a report.Such interest earnings are driven by prevailing interest rates and the amount of cash balances that Euroclear is required to invest  it said.Interest on these assets was 734 million euros in Q1 2023  110 million euros in H1 2022 and 821 million euros in the whole of 2022.At present  Euroclear expects the growth of interest income to slow in H2 2023.Euroclear also said the European Commission was mulling various options to use the profits generated by sanctioned amounts held by financial institutions  including Euroclear  to finance Ukraine's reconstruction. Euroclear said it was focused on minimizing potential legal  technical  and operational risks that may arise for itself and its clients from implementing any proposals from the European Commission.The company reiterated that it would retain profits related to the Russian sanctions until the situation with respect to them becomes clearer.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['1.743 bln euros interest', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'H1', 'Such interest earnings', 'prevailing interest rates', '1.743 bln euros interest', '1.743 billion euros interest', 'interest income', 'cash balances', '821 million euros', 'European Commission', 'various options', 'financial institutions', 'operational risks', 'Russian sanctions', 'Russian assets', 'Russia-sanctioned assets', '734 million', '110 million', 'Euroclear', 'H1', 'MOSCOW', 'Interfax', 'company', 'report', 'amount', 'Q1', 'present', 'growth', 'H2', 'profits', 'Ukraine', 'reconstruction', 'clients', 'proposals', 'situation', 'respect', '2022']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,interfax.com
27940,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-continues-deliver-profitable-growth-080000885.html,Euroclear continues to deliver profitable growth and invest in its long-term strategy,Substantial growth in operating income to reach EUR 3 107 million (vs EUR 998m in H1 2022)  driven by continued business income growth and higher interest earnings  including a material rise linked to the application of international sanctions on Russia.,"BRUSSELS  July 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Financial results for the six months ended 30 June 2023HighlightsOverall financial performance rose sharply in the first half of 2023Strong financial performance  with the underlying business performing well and benefitting from its diversified and resilient business model.Substantial growth in operating income to reach EUR 3 107 million (vs EUR 998m in H1 2022)  driven by continued business income growth and higher interest earnings  including a material rise linked to the application of international sanctions on Russia.Euroclear more than doubles underlying net profit (excluding impact of Russian sanctions)Underlying net profit more than doubled to reach EUR 561 million  reflecting a strong business performance and continued growth of Euroclear's core business.Euroclear achieved an underlying EBITDA margin of 58.3%  an increase of 11.3 percentage points compared to the 47.0% reported in the first half of 2022. The underlying operating margin was 25.1% reflecting investment and inflationary pressures on expenses.Euroclear continues to invest in its strategy  its people and technology as demonstrated by the opening of a new Tech Hub in Krakow. The Tech Hub will create 400 new jobs across critical capabilities such as data  digitalisation and cyber  while also reinforcing other key functions.Planned investments  alongside the impact of inflation  led to an increase of 19% in underlying operating expenses  totalling EUR 628 million in H1 2023.On an underlying basis  earnings per share rose by 102.6% to EUR 178.3 per share  reflecting the increase in net profit.Lieve Mostrey  Chief Executive Officer of Euroclear Group  commented:""Euroclear's underlying performance through the first half of 2023 continues to demonstrate the robustness of its strong and diversified business model.We remained focused on the execution of our strategy and service to our customers. We continue to invest to support our growth over the long term and despite general inflationary pressures  yet again  we generated a strong underlying performance  which further builds on the progress made over the past years.The recent opening of our new Tech Hub in Krakow and the expansion of our service capabilities and teams groupwide further accelerates delivery of our purpose to innovate to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth.""Financial performance reaches record levelsEuroclear Holding(€ m)H1 2022Estimated RussiansanctionsimpactsH1 2022UnderlyingH1 2023Estimated RussiansanctionsimpactsH1 2023UnderlyingUnderlyingvs 2022Operating income9981078913 1071 7311 376484 54 % Business income807-4811827-1183827 3 % Interest  banking & other income191111802 2801 743538457 571 %Operating expenses-534-7-527-649-21-628-101 -19 %Operating profit before Impairment4641003642 4581 711748383 105 %Impairment-1-100000Pre-tax profit463993652 4581 711748383 105 % Tax-112-25-87-614-428-187-99 -114 % Net profit351742771 8441 283561284 103 %EPS111.788.0585.9178.3Business income operating margin33.8 %35.0 %21.5 %25.1 %EBITDA margin (EBITDA/oper.income)52.0 %47.0 %80.9 %58.3 %Euroclear's underlying business income improved in H1 2023 to reach a record EUR 838 million  an increase of 3% year-on-year.The major policy rates continue to increase which has led to a large increase in interest earnings. On an underlying basis  H1 2023 interest  banking and other income progressed by 571% to EUR 538 million.Euroclear continues to expect operating expenses to remain above its 'through-the-cycle' target of 4-6% p.a. throughout 2023  due to accelerating investment in both its strategy and the resilience of the business  coupled with one-off investments and continued high inflation impact on the cost base.Once again  Euroclear's business model has proven itself to be a hedge against market volatility. When equity markets are lower  the impact is mitigated by the group's diversified and subscription-like business model  and benefits in a similar vein when bond markets are weaker  as approximately three quarters of the group's business income is decoupled from financial market valuations. The operating entities which have a greater relative weighting to the bond markets  and saw business income grow  help mitigate any potential impact of lower equity valuations and transaction volumes.Business performance remains robustThe key operating metrics demonstrate a strong business performance during the period. Following last year's record levels in transaction volumes driven by highly volatile markets  the number of transactions in H1 2023 is 2.2% lower. With little change in equity market valuations  assets under custody and fund assets under custody have slightly increased.H1 2023 YoY evolution 3-year CAGR Assets under custody €36.8 trillion +3.8 % +5.8 % Number of transactions 152 million -2.2 % +2.5 % Turnover €546 trillion +4.4 % +5.8 % Fund assets under custody €3 trillion +4.8 % +9.4 % Collateral highway €1.68 trillion -12.7 % +4.2 %To further help investors make better informed decisions and manage their portfolios  Euroclear announced a partnership with BondCliQ Inc  a credit market focused Data as a Service (DaaS) company. Through this partnership  Euroclear will launch a new European fixed income settlement data solution  allowing market participants to gain valuable insights and intelligence  including unparalleled levels of access to refined fixed income settlement data through customised dashboards.Consistent with its strategy centred on people and technology  Euroclear continues to grow its Krakow facility with the creation of a new Tech Hub and the addition of 400 new jobs in Poland. During Euroclear's 10 years in Krakow  it has seen its office grow to approximately 800 staff who primarily work in operations  support  and control functions.As MFEXbyEuroclear is entering the next phase of integration  Euroclear continues to enhance its proposition for funds services. This includes services in private markets assets  where Euroclear has recently announced the completion of the acquisition of Goji  a UK-based FinTech providing digital access and technology-enabled solutions to private markets.Euroclear further improved its funds data services offering with the first release of a new funds market intelligence product. This cloud-based data analytics platform  designed to help Funds Management Companies improve their distribution strategy  has successfully onboarded its first pilot users.Aligned to the group's strategy of embracing innovation to the benefit of capital markets  Euroclear recently joined existing strategic international investors in the third fund of Illuminate Financial. Illuminate Financial  a financial services-focused venture firm  has closed this $235 million new fund to invest in early-stage businesses solving problems for financial institutions.On 3 July 2023  LCH SA merged its core RepoClear Euro debt service with €GCPlus to provide alternative channels to access general collateral (GC) liquidity. €GCPlus  a general collateral tri-party basket repo clearing service  was initially launched in 2014 by LCH SA in collaboration with Euroclear and Banque de France. The new combined service aims to enable a unique point of access to the world's largest Euro cleared liquidity pool with clearing members benefitting from a single membership  default fund and set of margins  and further netting opportunities.ESG is key to Euroclear's business strategy. Euroclear's ESG mission is to support and enable a sustainable financial marketplace  while limiting our impact on the environment  providing an equitable and inclusive workplace  and conducting business in an ethical and responsible way.Euroclear continues to mature its approach to sustainability  notably with the publication of an expanded Annual Sustainability Report in May 2023 reporting  for the first time  according to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The Annual Sustainability Report can be found here: https://www.euroclear.com/newsandinsights/en/Format/Whitepapers-Reports/sustainability-report.htmlIn addition  Euroclear published a comprehensive transversal ESG Policy setting out the minimum requirements for the Group in the areas of Environment  Social and Governance. This policy can be found here: https://www.euroclear.com/ourresponsibility/en/esg-policy.htmlImplications of Russian sanctionsRussia's invasion of Ukraine resulted in market-wide application of international sanctions  which have had a material impact on Euroclear. Since considerable uncertainties persist  the Board considers it necessary to separate the estimated sanction-related earnings from the underlying financial results when assessing the company's performance and resources.Well-established processes are in place which allow the group to implement the sanctions  while maintaining the normal course of business. However  one consequence of the sanctions is that blocked coupon payments and redemptions owed to sanctioned entities results in an accumulation of cash on Euroclear Bank's balance sheet. At the end of June 2023  Euroclear Bank's balance sheet had increased by EUR 47 billion year-on-year to a total of EUR 150 billion.As per Euroclear's standard process  which is the same for any client's long cash balances  the cash balances arising from the sanctions are invested to minimise credit risk. Managing such credit risk is a requirement under Capital Requirements Regulation. The interest paid on reinvestment of cash balances is net interest income earned by Euroclear. Over H1 2023  interest arising on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets was EUR 1 743 million.Such interest earnings are driven by two factors: (i) the prevailing interest rates and (ii) the amount of cash balances that Euroclear is required to invest. As such  future earnings will be influenced by the evolving interest rate environment and the size of cash balances as the sanctions evolve.At present  the Board expects the growth rate of interest income to slow in the second half of 2023 as blocked payments and redemptions accumulate less rapidly and as economists' consensus forecasts anticipate a more stable interest rate environment.In parallel  the European Commission is contemplating various options to use the profits generated by sanctioned amounts held by financial institutions  including Euroclear  for the financing of Ukraine's reconstruction.Euroclear is focused on minimising potential legal  technical  and operational risks that may arise for itself and its clients from the implementation of any proposals from the European Commission. The company continues to act in a transparent manner with all authorities involved. The Board will continue to act cautiously  retaining profits related to the Russian sanctions until the situation becomes clearer.Currently  Euroclear is faced with a high level of complexity in managing both the wide-ranging package of sanctions and a set of complex economic countermeasures  which Russia has implemented since it does not recognise the international sanctions. Euroclear allocates considerable time and resources to manage the market issues and implications of these countermeasures while maintaining regular dialogue with clients and other stakeholders.Various parties contest the consequences of the application of sanctions and countermeasures  with legal proceedings ongoing in both the European Union and Russia. While recognising the scale of the sanctions and the speed of implementation  Euroclear's assessment is these legal proceedings are not considered a material risk at present and  so far  they have not incurred any material financial impact.Overall  Euroclear incurred additional direct costs from the management of Russian sanctions of €21 million in the first half of 2023  with considerable senior management and Board focus on the topic. Additionally  the international sanctions and Russian countermeasures have resulted in a loss of activities from sanctioned clients and Russian securities  which negatively impacted business income by €11 million.Rating agencies reconfirm Euroclear group's strong capital positionEuroclear maintains a strong capital position and a low-risk profile  which allows the group to finance further growth plans. Both S&P and Fitch Ratings reconfirmed the AA rating of Euroclear Bank in June 2023. Fitch also assigned the issuing entity of the group  Euroclear Investments SA (EINV)  a Viability Rating at 'aa-'.The group capital ratios remain solid  despite the sizable increase of its balance sheet due to the Russian sanctions. Fitch notes that ""Euroclear's investment guidelines for the bank's portfolio are particularly conservative  limiting holdings to highly liquid securities with strong ratings. Euroclear Bank applies a similarly low-risk policy when re-investing cash proceedings from frozen Russian assets.""DividendsOn 20 July 2023  Euroclear will pay its previously announced dividend relating to the 2022 underlying business results of EUR 115.5 per share (for a total of EUR 363.5 million)  representing a 31% increase compared to the dividend on 2021 results.AnnexesCash balances related to Sanctions on Russia""Business as usual"" Cash balancesEuroclear Bank and Euroclear Investments are the two group issuing entities. The summary income statements and financial positions at Q2 2023 for both entities are shown below.Euroclear Bank Income Statement (BE GAAP)Figures in Million of EURQ2 2023Q2 2022VarianceNet interest income2 261.5203.82 057.6Net fee and commission income550.0511.139.0Other income17.0-4.821.8Total operating income2 828.5710.12 118.3Administrative expenses-404.7-314.3-90.4Operating profit before impairment and taxation2 423.8395.82 028.0Result for the period1 814.1301.81 512.3Euroclear Bank Statement of Financial PositionShareholders' equity4 416.22 306.62 109.6Debt securities issued and funds borrowed (incl. subordinated debt) 5 822.75 029.8792.9Total assets150 376.0103 634.346 741.7Euroclear Investments Income Statement (BE GAAP)Dividend395.50.0395.5Net gains/(losses) on financial assets & liabilities5.5-4.810.3Other income-0.2-0.1-0.2Total operating income400.7-4.9405.6Administrative expenses-0.5-2.62.1Operating profit before impairment and taxation400.2-7.5407.7Result for the period399.0-7.4406.4Euroclear Investments Statement of Financial PositionShareholders' equity693.4636.357.1Debt securities issued and funds borrowed1 651.71 647.74.0Total assets2 345.72 284.461.3Euroclear Investments has been relocated from Luxembourg to Belgium on 31 December 2022 at midnight. The financial statements are now prepared under Belgian GAAP  and the 2022 have been restated accordingly.Note to editorsEuroclear group is the financial industry's trusted provider of post trade services. Guided by its purpose  Euroclear innovates to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth. Euroclear provides settlement and custody of domestic and cross-border securities for bonds  equities and derivatives  and investment funds. As a proven  resilient capital market infrastructure  Euroclear is committed to delivering risk-mitigation  automation  and efficiency at scale for its global client franchise. The Euroclear group comprises Euroclear Bank  the International CSD  as well as Euroclear Belgium  Euroclear Finland  Euroclear France  Euroclear Nederland  Euroclear Sweden  Euroclear UK & International and MFEXbyEuroclear.Euroclear logoSOURCE Euroclear",neutral,0.44,0.56,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.14,0.43,True,English,"['profitable growth', 'long-term strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Business income operating margin', 'The Tech Hub', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major policy rates', 'greater relative weighting', 'new Tech Hub', 'lower equity valuations', 'key operating metrics', 'other key functions', 'resilient business model', 'subscription-like business model', 'sustainable economic growth', 'Overall financial performance', 'underlying EBITDA margin', 'underlying operating margin', 'general inflationary pressures', 'financial market valuations', 'strong underlying performance', 'Strong financial performance', 'strong business performance', 'underlying business income', 'underlying operating expenses', 'business income growth', 'underlying net profit', 'higher interest earnings', 'diversified business model', 'high inflation impact', 'operating income', 'other income', '400 new jobs', 'Operating profit', 'underlying basis', 'Financial results', 'core business', 'financial markets', 'market volatility', 'equity markets', 'operating entities', 'oper.income', 'Substantial growth', 'continued growth', 'Pre-tax profit', 'six months', 'first half', 'material rise', 'international sanctions', 'Russian sanctions', '11.3 percentage points', 'critical capabilities', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'long term', 'past years', 'cost base', 'similar vein', 'bond markets', 'three quarters', 'transaction volumes', 'record levels', 'potential impact', 'recent opening', 'service capabilities', 'one-off investments', 'last year', 'H1 2023 interest', 'Euroclear Holding', 'large increase', 'Euroclear Group', '27 3 % Interest', 'BRUSSELS', 'PRNewswire', 'Highlights', 'application', 'strategy', 'people', 'technology', 'Krakow', 'data', 'digitalisation', 'cyber', 'share', 'robustness', 'execution', 'customers', 'progress', 'expansion', 'teams', 'delivery', 'purpose', 'safety', 'efficiency', 'connections', 'impacts', 'banking', 'Impairment', '383 105 % Tax', 'EPS', 'cycle', 'target', 'resilience', 'hedge', 'benefits', 'period', '19', '571', '99', '44']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,finance.yahoo.com
27941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706982/0/en/JDE-Peet-s-accelerates-its-sustainability-agenda-with-a-breakthrough-paper-pack-for-soluble-coffee.html,JDE Peet’s accelerates its sustainability agenda with a breakthrough paper pack for soluble coffee,PRESS RELEASE      Amsterdam  19 July 2023      JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today......,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  19 July 2023JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to launch a new paper pack for its soluble coffee ranges.This new paper pack solution  the first of its kind in the coffee market  will be recyclable. It is designed to create a more sustainable ecosystem in the soluble coffee market by incentivising the reuse of existing glass jars and tin formats. Moreover  the coffee from this new paper pack will generate the lowest carbon footprint within the existing range of JDE Peet’s products.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “This is an important step in driving the sustainability agenda of our company and yet another sign of our leadership in innovation. We know that reducing packaging and promoting recyclability and reusability are increasing consumer needs. By providing more sustainable solutions within soluble coffee  one of the world’s most beloved and consumed beverages  we can maximise our positive contribution in decarbonising our own portfolios and the coffee market as a whole.”JDE Peet’s is working to reduce the amount of packaging material and associated carbon emissions  used in both manufacturing  transport  and end-of-life disposal. This innovative new paper pack directly supports the company’s effort of minimising its carbon footprint across its entire value chain and its goal of moving towards 100% of packaging designed to be reusable  recyclable  or compostable by 2030. In line with this  in 2022  JDE Peet’s set targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to reduce emissions across scopes 1  2 and 3.This new range will be available in selected markets across multiple brands of JDE Peet’s’ portfolio as of 2024.EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 391 77 280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 20 55 81212IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachments,neutral,0.18,0.82,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['breakthrough paper pack', 'JDE Peet', 'sustainability agenda', 'coffee', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'new paper pack solution', 'innovative new paper pack', 'entire value chain', 'existing glass jars', 'lowest carbon footprint', 'associated carbon emissions', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'new range', 'existing range', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'sustainable ecosystem', 'tin formats', 'Fabien Simon', 'important step', 'sustainability agenda', 'consumer needs', 'sustainable solutions', 'consumed beverages', 'positive contribution', 'life disposal', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'coffee ranges', 'coffee market', 'multiple brands', 'Enquiries Media', 'packaging material', 'tea company', '50 brands', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'intention', 'kind', 'reuse', 'products', 'CEO', 'sign', 'leadership', 'innovation', 'recyclability', 'reusability', 'beloved', 'portfolios', 'amount', 'manufacturing', 'transport', 'effort', 'goal', 'line', 'SBTi', 'scopes', 'markets', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,200 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachments', '19', '2024']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TINEXTA-S-P-A-16860993/news/Tinexta-S-p-A-signs-a-joint-venture-agreement-with-Digital-Magics-44370784/,Tinexta S p A : signs a joint venture agreement with Digital Magics,(marketscreener.com)   Rome  July 19  2023. Tinexta  a leading company in Digital Trust  Cyber Security and Business Innovation services  listed on the Euronext Star Milan segment  and Digital Magics  a certified business incubator listed on the Euronext Gr…,"Rome  July 19  2023. Tinexta  a leading company in Digital Trust  Cyber Security and Business Innovation services  listed on the Euronext Star Milan segment  and Digital Magics  a certified business incubator listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market (Symbol: DM)  Italy's leader in technological innovation  have signed today a termsheet that will launch a Joint Venture  through the establishment of a 50:50 newco  aimed at making investments in high-potential digital startups.The funding required for the initiative will be provided by Tinexta through equity financial instruments earmarked for future investments; the deal-flow of the newco will be managed by a dedicated Digital Magics team through an advisory agreement.The joint venture partnership will target investments including early-stage  seed stage and possible subsequent follow-ons in companies that develop digital technologies  including artificial intelligence tools and solutions  in areas potentially related to Tinexta Group's reference industries in an ""open innovation"" logic. Through this partnership  Tinexta intends to select investment opportunities in start-ups which  following a growth process  can contribute to providing functional solutions to innovate the Group's offerings.The target companies will mainly be those in which Digital Magics is directly or indirectly present in the share capital  with the possibility to investment in startups not yet part of the the portfolio  in which the JV and Digital Magics will invest together.The investment strategy will be guided by ""ESG"" criteria that are of primary interest to both the Tinexta Group and Digital Magics.The JV will make around 10 equity investments  with an average ticket size of 250 thousand Euros and with the possibility of follow-on investments for a total of € 5 million. The Joint Venture will have a duration of 10 years  with an investment period of 5 years.Commenting on the transaction  Pier Andrea Chevallard  CEO of Tinexta said  ""Since its foundation  the Tinexta Group gained a positioning as an industrial aggregator of companies with high potential  in innovative and strategic market segments. With this initiative  in a world undergoing rapid transformation and inspired by new technological and business paradigms  Tinexta expands its open innovation program  grafting additional opportunities for growth and evolution. The collaboration with Digital Magics complements our ability to identify and develop innovative solutions  thanks to their longstanding experience in selecting projects  establishing companies and accelerating the growth of high-tech startups and scaleups.""Marco Gay  Executive Chairman of Digital Magics  said  ""Our goal is to create value and we are constantly looking for the best talent. We believe that working as a system is the way to allow the Digital Made in Italy grow successfully.This new Joint Venture with Tinexta  a leading national and international player  confirms the mutual will to keep supporting the development of innovation in our country.Thanks to Tinexta we will be able to give additional and important support to the startups in our Portfolio  offering companies new opportunities for growth  development and investment with a concrete international vision.""",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['joint venture agreement', 'Tinexta S', 'Digital Magics', 'Euronext Star Milan segment', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'dedicated Digital Magics team', 'strategic market segments', 'possible subsequent follow-ons', 'artificial intelligence tools', 'average ticket size', 'Pier Andrea Chevallard', 'certified business incubator', 'equity financial instruments', 'concrete international vision', 'open innovation"" logic', 'open innovation program', 'Business Innovation services', 'The Joint Venture', 'new Joint Venture', 'joint venture partnership', 'high-potential digital startups', 'business paradigms', 'international player', 'technological innovation', 'new technological', 'new opportunities', 'Digital Trust', 'digital technologies', 'Digital Made', 'leading company', 'Cyber Security', 'advisory agreement', 'seed stage', 'reference industries', 'share capital', 'ESG"" criteria', 'primary interest', 'The JV', '250 thousand Euros', 'industrial aggregator', 'high potential', 'rapid transformation', 'longstanding experience', 'Marco Gay', 'Executive Chairman', 'best talent', 'leading national', 'mutual will', 'important support', '10 equity investments', 'growth process', 'investment opportunities', 'investment strategy', 'investment period', 'high-tech startups', 'functional solutions', 'additional opportunities', 'future investments', 'target companies', 'innovative solutions', 'Tinexta Group', 'Rome', 'Symbol', 'DM', 'Italy', 'leader', 'termsheet', 'establishment', '50:50 newco', 'funding', 'initiative', 'deal-flow', 'early-stage', 'areas', 'start-ups', 'offerings', 'possibility', 'portfolio', 'total', 'duration', '10 years', '5 years', 'transaction', 'CEO', 'foundation', 'positioning', 'world', 'evolution', 'collaboration', 'ability', 'projects', 'scaleups', 'goal', 'value', 'system', 'way', 'development', 'country']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707537/0/en/AMG-Schedule-for-Second-Quarter-2023-Earnings-Release.html,AMG Schedule for Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release,"Amsterdam  19 July 2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its second quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  July 26  2023  at approximately 18:00 CEST. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financia…","Amsterdam  19 July 2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its second quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  July 26  2023  at approximately 18:00 CEST. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results for the second quarter of 2023 at 9:00 CEST (8:00 BST / 3:00AM EDT) on Thursday  July 27  2023.Please connect approximately 10 minutes prior to the beginning of the call to ensure participation. The call-in information is as follows:Toll-free number: 1-800-225-9448Alternate (toll) number: 1-203-518-9708United Kingdom: 44 0800 048 7798Netherlands: 31 0800 022 9530When prompted for the conference ID  tell the operator AMGQ223 and you will be directed onto the call. The conference call will be available on the website www.amg-nv.com within twenty-four hours following completion of the call.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release', 'AMG Schedule', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'other end use markets', 'other forward looking statements', 'second quarter 2023 financial results', 'energy storage materials', 'related process technologies', 'energy storage solutions', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'customer service offices', 'Alternate (toll) number', 'mineral processing operations', 'tantalum value chains', 'high-purity materials', 'other information', 'financial position', 'Toll-free number', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'United Kingdom', 'conference ID', 'twenty-four hours', 'engineered systems', 'aerospace engines', 'global leaders', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'future events', 'historical information', 'inherent risks', 'conference call', 'production facilities', 'Wednesday', 'July', '18:00 CEST', '9:00 CEST', '3:00AM', 'Thursday', 'beginning', 'participation', 'Netherlands', 'operator', 'website', 'completion', 'mission', 'development', 'lithium', 'vanadium', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'recycling', 'infrastructure', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASSA-ABLOY-AB-PUBL-120791625/news/ASSA-ABLOY-intends-to-acquire-Evolis-in-France-44364964/,ASSA ABLOY intends to acquire Evolis in France,(marketscreener.com) STOCKHOLM  July 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ASSA ABLOY intends to  through its subsidiary HID Global SAS   and subject to certain customary and regulatory conditions  purchase approximately 98.5 percent of the shares of EVOLIS S.A.   a Eur…,"STOCKHOLM  July 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ASSA ABLOY intends to  through its subsidiary HID Global SAS (""HID"")  and subject to certain customary and regulatory conditions  purchase approximately 98.5 percent of the shares of EVOLIS S.A. (""Evolis"" or the ""Company"")  a Euronext Growth company listed in Paris and a leading French manufacturer of ID card printers and consumables.HID has entered into (i) a put option agreement with the shareholders of Cedys & Co S.A.S. (""Cedys"") for all of the Cedys' shares  noting that Cedys owns approximately 84.4 percent of the Evolis shares and voting rights (i.e. 4 407 707 shares) and (ii) a share purchase agreement for the sale by Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR and Crédit Mutuel Innovation of 14.0 percent of the shares (i.e. respectively 732 632 and 10 shares) to HID  which would result in a combined purchase price for the two transactions noted in (i) and (ii) above of approximately EUR 224.9 million for 98.5 percent of the Evolis shares (i.e. 5 140 349 shares)  which is equivalent to a purchase price per Evolis share of EUR 43.75 (the ""Acquisition"").The purchase price represents a premium of approximately 36 percent over Evolis' volume-weighted average share price on Euronext Growth Paris during the last 60 traded days up to and including July 17th  2023  of 32.30 EUR.After the completion of the Acquisition  HID would own approximately 98.5 percent of the share capital and voting rights of the Company  (i.e. 5 140 349 shares) and would then launch a mandatory public tender offer (OPAS-RO)[1] shortly thereafter for the remaining 1.5 percent outstanding shares of Evolis (the ""Offer"") (i.e. 80 471 shares)[2] (at the same purchase price per Evolis share as for the Acquisition  i.e.  EUR 43.75 per Evolis share  subject to the Evolis' board of directors opinion on the terms of the Offer  which would account for a fairness opinion report on the Offer from an independent appraiser). The Offer would be subject to the AMF's clearance decision (French Financial Markets Authority – AMF – Autorité des Marchés Financiers).After the closing of the Offer  HID would intend to implement  in accordance with the provisions of the General Rules (Règlement Général) of the AMF  a squeeze-out procedure for the remaining outstanding shares of the Company.Evolis develops  manufactures  and sells printers and software for personalization of physical credentials. Through a well-established channel network Evolis has built a well-established global market position in the instant issuance of physical credentials including ID cards  access control badges  payment cards and other personalized credentials.Evolis was established in 1999 and has some 380 employees. The company is headquartered in Angers  France. The Company is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris.""I am looking forward to welcoming Evolis into the ASSA ABLOY Group. Evolis would be a good technological addition to the ASSA ABLOY Group and would reinforce our current offering within the secure issuance business"" says Nico Delvaux  President and CEO of ASSA ABLOY.""It would be a pleasure to welcome Evolis to the HID family"" says Björn Lidefelt  Executive Vice President and Head of Global Technologies business unit HID Global. ""Joining forces with a strong industry player like Evolis would enable us to better meet our customers' needs and provides complementary growth opportunities across product  geographical and vertical market presence"".Conditions to the AcquisitionThe Acquisition is conditional upon customary closing conditions and regulatory approval and would be expected to close during the third quarter of 2023.Financial effects for ASSA ABLOYAssuming all the free float would be tendered to the Offer  the total amount paid for the Acquisition and the Offer would amount to approximately EUR 228.4 million.For 2022 Evolis' sales amounted to EUR 112 million with a strong EBIT-margin. The acquisition would be accretive to EPS from the start.For more information  please contact:Nico Delvaux  President and CEO  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 82Erik Pieder  CFO and Executive Vice President  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 72Björn Tibell  Head of Investor Relations  tel. no: +46 70 275 67 68  e-mail: bjorn.tibell@assaabloy.comAbout ASSA ABLOYThe ASSA ABLOY Group is the global leader in access solutions. The Group operates worldwide with 52 000 employees and sales of SEK 121 billion. The Group has leading positions in areas such as efficient door openings  trusted identities and entrance automation. ASSA ABLOY's innovations enable safe  secure and convenient access to physical and digital places. Every day  we help billions of people experience a more open world.[1] OPAS: simplified tender offer according to Art. 233-12 of the RGAMF as HID will own more than 50 percent of the shares and voting rights of Evolis at the time the tender offer is initiated.[2] Excluding 3 542 free shares which will be issued between 2024 and 2025.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/7333/3807071/2195544.pdf Press release (PDF) https://news.cision.com/assa-abloy/i/logo-on-facade2 c3200839 logo on facade2View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/assa-abloy-intends-to-acquire-evolis-in-france-301880581.htmlSOURCE ASSA ABLOY",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['ASSA ABLOY', 'Evolis', 'France', 'Règlement Général', 'Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR', 'Crédit Mutuel Innovation', 'Co S.A.S.', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Global Technologies business unit', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'mandatory public tender offer', 'The ASSA ABLOY Group', 'remaining 1.5 percent outstanding shares', 'Marchés Financiers', 'leading French manufacturer', 'put option agreement', 'fairness opinion report', 'good technological addition', 'Björn Lidefelt', 'vertical market presence', 'efficient door openings', 'global market position', 'complementary growth opportunities', 'remaining outstanding shares', 'secure issuance business', 'strong industry player', 'EVOLIS S.A.', 'combined purchase price', 'same purchase price', 'access control badges', 'other personalized credentials', 'share purchase agreement', 'Executive Vice President', 'Björn Tibell', 'ID card printers', 'HID Global SAS', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Euronext Growth company', 'customary closing conditions', 'The Group', 'Financial effects', 'global leader', 'share capital', 'instant issuance', 'ID cards', 'strong EBIT-margin', 'leading positions', 'safe, secure', 'access solutions', 'convenient access', 'regulatory conditions', 'voting rights', 'two transactions', 'independent appraiser', 'clearance decision', 'General Rules', 'physical credentials', 'channel network', 'payment cards', 'The Company', 'current offering', 'Nico Delvaux', ""customers' needs"", 'regulatory approval', 'third quarter', 'free float', 'total amount', 'Erik Pieder', 'Investor Relations', 'trusted identities', 'entrance automation', 'digital places', 'open world', 'following files', 'Press release', 'Evolis share', '3,542 free shares', ""Evolis' board"", 'HID family', ""Evolis' sales"", '4,407,707 shares', '10 shares', '5,140,349 shares', '80,471 shares', '98.5 percent', '84.4 percent', '14.0 percent', '36 percent', '50 percent', 'PRNewswire', 'subsidiary', 'consumables', 'shareholders', 'Cedys', 'Acquisition', 'premium', 'last 60', 'days', 'July', 'completion', 'OPAS-RO', 'directors', 'terms', 'AMF', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'software', 'personalization', '380 employees', 'Angers', 'France', 'CEO', 'pleasure', 'Head', 'forces', 'geographical', 'EPS', 'start', 'information', 'tel', 'CFO', 'mail', 'assaabloy', '52,000 employees', 'SEK', 'areas', 'innovations', 'billions', 'people', 'Art.', 'time', 'download', '2022']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-44370710/,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   19.07.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,19.07.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 10 July 2023 until and including 18 July 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 10/07/2023 494 32 79 32 70 32 85 11/07/2023 - 0 00 0 00 0 00 12/07/2023 477 32 68 32 65 32 70 13/07/2023 354 32 62 32 60 32 90 14/07/2023 400 32 90 32 85 32 95 17/07/2023 350 33 02 33 00 33 05 18/07/2023 125 33 00 33 00 33 10Total number of shares = 2.200. Average price = 32 81 €/share. Total amount = 72.177 45 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholder.On 18 July 2023  470.020 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11 000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 3 5 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Karel Verlinde Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price Maximum price', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'following treasury shares', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '3,5 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11,000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '10 July', '18 July', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholder', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', 'vandevelde', '470.020', '32']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707579/0/en/Ipsen-announces-European-Commission-decision-on-palovarotene-for-the-treatment-of-FOP.html,Ipsen announces European Commission decision on palovarotene for the treatment of FOP,PARIS  FRANCE  19 July 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that the European Commission has followed guidance provided by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) in May this year  and has not granted marketing authorizat…,English FrenchEuropean Commission determines not to grant marketing authorization approval for palovarotene for fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)Decision follows negative opinion by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use  in MayNo currently approved options available in the E.U. for the treatment of FOP  an ultra-rare condition  that continuously and permanently causes abnormal bone formation  leading to progressive mobility loss and shortened life expectancyIpsen to continue seeking regulatory approvals in other countries and regionsPARIS  FRANCE  19 July 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that the European Commission has followed guidance provided by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) in May this year  and has not granted marketing authorization for palovarotene  an investigational treatment for fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP). Palovarotene is the first treatment to be submitted anywhere in the world for regulatory approval for FOP  an ultra-rare disease with approximately 900 known cases worldwide.“We worked tirelessly to bring a greatly needed treatment option to patients living with FOP in the E.U. ” said Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development for Ipsen. “We believe that our clinical data provide evidence supporting the effect of palovarotene on the reduction of new  abnormal bone formation  known as heterotopic ossification  which characterizes the disease. We are therefore disappointed that the European Commission decided not to approve this treatment for patients with FOP in Europe. We have learned through this experience  and we have been motivated by the support of the FOP community  including those living with the condition and the doctors and healthcare providers managing their care. This has encouraged us as we continue to progress with other regulatory submissions.”Palovarotene was studied in a comprehensive clinical program over 15 years. This included MOVE  the first and largest Phase III clinical trial for FOP  a condition that causes abnormal bone growth. The average age of diagnosis for FOP is five years old and the average life expectancy is 56 years old. FOP is a chronic and progressive condition  where flare-ups occur that can lead to the development of new  abnormal bone formulation  accumulating outside of the skeleton in muscles  joints  and other areas of the body. As a result  most people living with FOP eventually lose the ability to eat and drink on their own. By the age of 30 years old  many will need a wheelchair to get around and full-time care. Life expectancy is shortened  as untimely death can be caused by bone formation around the ribcage  leading to breathing problems and cardiorespiratory failure.“It is devastating to hear that the wait for an innovative treatment for people living with FOP  and their families and caregivers will continue  as this negative decision from the European Commission means that this treatment will not be made available to patients.” said Dr. Genevieve Baujat  Clinical Geneticist Consultant at Necker-Enfants Malades Hospital  Paris  France. “Many of the clinicians that manage patients with this disease in Europe will have participated in the MOVE clinical trial and have seen the potential for palovarotene.”ENDSAbout palovarotenePalovarotene is an investigational oral medicine that selectively targets the retinoic-acid receptor gamma (RARγ)  which is an important regulator of skeletal development and ectopic bone in the retinoid signaling pathway. Palovarotene is designed to mediate the interactions between the receptors  growth factors and proteins within the retinoid signaling pathway to reduce new abnormal bone formation. Palovarotene received Orphan Drug and Breakthrough Therapy Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the potential treatment of FOP and was granted Priority Review. It remains under FDA review  with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date of 16 August 2023. Palovarotene was also granted orphan medicine designation by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Palovarotene is in review processes with a number of regulatory authorities including the FDA and the EMA. Palovarotene is currently authorized for use in appropriate patients only in Canada and provisionally in the U.A.E. where it is marketed as SohonosTM (palovarotene capsules).About the MOVE trialMOVE (NCT03312634) was a Phase III  multicenter  single-arm  open-label trial to assess the efficacy and safety of palovarotene. 107 study participants with FOP received oral palovarotene as a chronic (5mg once daily) and episodic (20mg once daily for 4 weeks  followed by 10mg for ≥8 weeks for flare-ups and trauma) regimen. The primary endpoint was annualized change in new HO volume measured by low-dose whole-body computed tomography. Efficacy data from participants enrolled in MOVE were compared with data from FOP Natural History Study (NHS) participants untreated beyond standard of care; individuals ≤65 years of age with clinically diagnosed FOP and a verified ACVR1R206H pathogenic variant were eligible for inclusion in the NHS.About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 400 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:Ipsen ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAnna GibbinsGlobal Head of Franchise Communications Rare Disease+44 (0)7717 801 900Amy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy & Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.12,0.68,True,English,"['European Commission decision', 'Ipsen', 'palovarotene', 'treatment', 'FOP', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date', 'Phase III, multicenter, single-arm, open-label trial', 'largest Phase III clinical trial', 'new, abnormal bone formulation', 'new, abnormal bone formation', 'new abnormal bone formation', 'FOP Natural History Study', 'new HO volume', 'abnormal bone growth', 'comprehensive clinical program', 'Clinical Geneticist Consultant', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva', 'Executive Vice President', 'Dr. Genevieve Baujat', 'Necker-Enfants Malades Hospital', 'retinoic-acid receptor gamma', 'retinoid signaling pathway', 'Breakthrough Therapy Designations', 'MOVE clinical trial', 'progressive mobility loss', 'U.S. Food', 'orphan medicine designation', 'European Medicines Agency', 'investigational oral medicine', 'U.A.E.', 'other regulatory submissions', 'marketing authorization approval', 'average life expectancy', 'Orphan Drug', 'Drug Administration', 'MOVE trial', 'ectopic bone', 'clinical data', 'E.U.', 'regulatory approval', 'growth factors', 'other countries', 'other areas', '107 study participants', 'regulatory authorities', 'European Commission', 'investigational treatment', 'English French', 'negative opinion', 'Medicinal Products', 'Howard Mayer', 'heterotopic ossification', 'healthcare providers', 'progressive condition', 'untimely death', 'breathing problems', 'cardiorespiratory failure', 'important regulator', 'Priority Review', 'review processes', 'primary endpoint', 'annualized change', 'low-dose whole-body', 'average age', 'Human Use', 'treatment option', 'innovative treatment', 'oral palovarotene', 'ultra-rare condition', 'most people', 'negative decision', 'ultra-rare disease', 'full-time care', 'skeletal development', 'FDA review', 'FOP community', 'appropriate patients', 'Efficacy data', 'first treatment', 'potential treatment', 'palovarotene capsules', 'Committee', 'options', 'Ipsen', 'regions', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '19 July', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'guidance', 'CHMP', 'world', 'cases', 'Head', 'Research', 'evidence', 'effect', 'reduction', 'experience', 'support', 'doctors', '15 years', 'diagnosis', 'chronic', 'flare-ups', 'skeleton', 'muscles', 'joints', 'result', 'ability', 'wheelchair', 'ribcage', 'wait', 'families', 'caregivers', 'clinicians', 'ENDS', 'RARγ', 'interactions', 'receptors', 'proteins', '16 August', 'EMA', 'number', 'Canada', 'SohonosTM', 'safety', '4 weeks', '10mg', '≥8 weeks', 'trauma', 'regimen', 'tomography', 'NHS', 'standard', 'individuals', '65 years', '900']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707774/0/en/Monthly-information-regarding-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-total-number-of-shares-of-the-Company-as-of-June-30-2023.html,Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and total number of shares of the Company as of June 30  2023,Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and   total number of shares of the Company as of June 30  2023     (Article 223-16...,English FrenchMonthly information regarding the total number of voting rights andtotal number of shares of the Company as of June 30  2023(Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market : NYSE Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010417345DateTotal number of shares Total number of voting rights 06/30/2023 96 250 954Total gross of voting rights: 96 250 954Total net* of voting rights: 96 100 982* Net total = total number of voting rights attached to shares – shares without voting rights = 96 250 954 –149 972= 96 100 982Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'information', 'shares', 'Company', 'June', 'Marchés Financiers', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'English French', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'ISIN Code', 'Total gross', 'Net total', 'information', 'shares', 'Company', 'June', 'Article', 'des', 'Market', 'Date', 'Attachment']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://gcaptain.com/worlds-first-methanol-powered-containership-bunkers-green-methanol-in-korea/,World’s First Methanol-Powered Containership Bunkers Green Methanol in Korea,The world’s first methanol-powered containership has fueled up on green methanol bunkers on Ulsan  South Korea  before departing on its maiden voyage. Maersk’s new ship was delivered earlier this month...,The world’s first methanol-powered containership has fueled up on green methanol bunkers on Ulsan  South Korea  before departing on its maiden voyage.Maersk’s new ship was delivered earlier this month from Hyundai Mipo Dockyard. With a capacity of 2 100 TEU capacity  the 172-meter feeder ship will be operated in the Baltics between Northern Europe and the Bay of Bothnia.Odfjell Terminal Korea (OTK) said it supplied the vessel with 1 000 tonnes of green methanol on July 16 in Ulsan  marking the world’s first green methanol bunkering.“We congratulate Maersk on this important milestone  and are proud to be the first terminal to successfully supply green methanol bunkering to this unique vessel ” said OTK’s CEO  Joseph Kim. “Over the past months  there have been business reviews and technical efforts on safe and successful methanol bunker supply models. We expect these results to be the cornerstone of the methanol bunkering business moving forward.”AIS showed the vessel  unofficially named Laura Maersk  departed Ulsan on Monday  July 17  on its maiden voyage to Copenhagen  where she will be officially named in September.Maersk last month announced it had secured the ISCC certified green biomethanol for the ship’s maiden voyage from OCI Global (Euronext: OCI).“The successful bunkering is a testament to the collaboration of all the partners involved and we look forward to fueling more journeys on green methanol from now on ” said Ahmed El-Hoshy  CEO of OCI Global.The feeder vessel is the first of 25 methanol dual-fuel engine ships to come from Maersk. The next ships will be much larger  with 18 of the vessels ranging from 16 000-17 000 TEUs and six coming in at 9 000 TEUs. Deliveries are schedule between 2024 and 2027.Maersk has set ambitious goal of becoming carbon neutral by 2040  which is a decade ahead of most other companies in the sector. The company has also set nearer-term targets that call for a 50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions intensity from its ocean fleet and a 70% reduction in absolute emissions from its fully controlled terminals by 2030.“This journey is an important step in our efforts to reach net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040  as it will allow us to gain the necessary operational experience with the new engines and fuel ahead of the arrival of our larger methanol-enabled vessels in the coming years ” said Morten Bo Christiansen  Head of Energy Transition  A.P. Moller-Maersk.Green methanol can reduce Sulfur Oxides (Sox)  Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) and Particulate Matter (PM) emissions by more than 95%  and NOx by up to 80% compared to conventional marine fuels  and can be carbon neutral on a lifecycle basis.“We will continue to expand our expertise in decarbonization and eco-friendly fuel supply chain businesses as part of our role as a key hub terminal in Northeast Asia. We look forward to welcoming more energy-efficient and greener fuel vessels in the years to come. In the meantime  we wish the pioneer ship and crew all the best on this historic maiden voyage ” added OTK’s CEO  Joseph Kim.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['First Methanol-Powered Containership Bunkers', 'Green Methanol', 'World', 'Korea', 'eco-friendly fuel supply chain businesses', 'successful methanol bunker supply models', 'greenhouse gas emissions intensity', 'zero greenhouse gas emissions', 'Particulate Matter (PM) emissions', 'ISCC certified green biomethanol', '25 methanol dual-fuel engine ships', 'first green methanol bunkering', 'first methanol-powered containership', 'Hyundai Mipo Dockyard', 'most other companies', 'necessary operational experience', 'Morten Bo Christiansen', 'A.P. Moller-Maersk', 'conventional marine fuels', 'green methanol bunkers', 'key hub terminal', 'methanol bunkering business', 'larger methanol-enabled vessels', 'greener fuel vessels', 'Odfjell Terminal Korea', '172-meter feeder ship', 'historic maiden voyage', 'successful bunkering', 'first terminal', 'absolute emissions', 'next ships', 'South Korea', 'business reviews', 'new ship', 'Northern Europe', 'important milestone', 'Joseph Kim', 'past months', 'Ahmed El-Hoshy', 'feeder vessel', 'ambitious goal', 'nearer-term targets', 'ocean fleet', 'important step', 'new engines', 'Energy Transition', 'Sulfur Oxides', 'Nitrogen Oxides', 'up to', 'lifecycle basis', 'Northeast Asia', 'pioneer ship', 'OCI Global', '2,100 TEU capacity', 'unique vessel', 'technical efforts', '16,000-17,000 TEUs', 'coming years', 'Laura Maersk', '9,000 TEUs', 'world', 'Ulsan', 'Baltics', 'Bay', 'Bothnia', 'OTK', '1,000 tonnes', 'July', 'CEO', 'safe', 'results', 'cornerstone', 'AIS', 'Monday', 'Copenhagen', 'September', 'testament', 'collaboration', 'partners', 'journeys', 'Deliveries', 'sector', 'company', '50% reduction', '70% reduction', 'terminals', 'net', 'arrival', 'Head', 'Sox', 'NOx', 'expertise', 'decarbonization', 'role', 'energy-efficient', 'meantime', 'crew']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,gcaptain.com
27949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-44370540/,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 19 July 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -   In accordance with…,19 July 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 12 and 18 July 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 25 May 2023 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 772 201 (1.4%) on 18 July 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Arnaud Laviolette', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'July', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '25 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'Website', 'dieterengroup', '12']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706972/0/en/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Completion-of-the-Technicolor-Creative-Studios-reverse-share-split.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Completion of the Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share split,PRESS RELEASE  Technicolor Creative StudiosCompletion of the Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share split  Reverse share split through the exchange...,"English FrenchPRESS RELEASETechnicolor Creative StudiosCompletion of the Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share splitReverse share split through the exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1).Effective date of reverse share split (listing of the new shares): July 18  2023Paris (FRANCE)  July 19  2023 - Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: symbol TCHCS) (the “Company”) announces the completion on July 18  2023 of the reverse share split of all outstanding shares of the Company  as decided by decision of the Chief Executive Officer on May 30  2023  following sub-delegation by the Board of Directors on May 15  2023  taken in accordance with the twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 15  2023.The reverse share split involved the exchange of one hundred (100) old shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) (the “Existing Shares”) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1) (a ""New Share"").The main features of this reverse share split  as detailed in the notice of reverse share split published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 31  2023 and in the press release published by the Company on the same date  are as follows:Number of Existing Shares subject to the reverse share split : two billion five hundred and fifty-one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand two hundred and seventy (2 551 182 270) shares  each with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01).: two billion five hundred and fifty-one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand two hundred and seventy (2 551 182 270) shares  each with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01). Number of New shares resulting from the reverse share split : twenty-five million five hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two (25 511 822) shares  each with a par value of one euro (€1).: twenty-five million five hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two (25 511 822) shares  each with a par value of one euro (€1). Listing of the New Shares: the New Shares resulting from the reverse share split have been admitted to trading on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  with effect from July 18  2023  the first day of trading  and have been assigned a new ISIN code (FR001400I939).A shareholder who was unable to obtain a number of shares that is a multiple of 100 will be compensated for any remaining fractional shares (rompus) within 30 days by his/her financial intermediary.The next steps of the reverse share split will take place according to the following indicative timetable:July 18  2023 Listing of the New Shares July 19  2023 Book-entry of the New Shares (Record Date) July 20  2023 Payment Date of the New Shares and start of the period of compensation for fractional shares (rompus) by the financial intermediaries August 20  2023 Deadline for compensation of fractional shares (rompus) by financial intermediariesAdjustment of the conversion ratio of convertible bonds and of the exercise parity of warrants:As a result of the reverse share split  and by decision of the Chief Executive Officer on July 18  2023  the conversion ratio of the convertible bonds (“OCA”) and the exercise parity of the warrants (“New Money Warrants”) are adjusted in accordance with the following terms  detailed in the twenty-sixth resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting and set out in the notice of reverse share split published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires:Adjustment of the conversion ratio of the OCA : the new conversion ratio of the OCA will be equal to 20 OCA for 1 New Share;: the new conversion ratio of the OCA will be equal to 20 OCA for 1 New Share; Adjustment of the exercise parity of the New Money Warrants: the new exercise parity of the New Money Warrants will be equal to 100 New Money Warrants for 1 New Share.***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share split', 'Completion', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share split', 'two billion five hundred', 'two thousand two hundred', 'five million five hundred', 'one hundred (100) old shares', 'Technicolor Creative Studios shares', 'one hundred (100) existing shares', 'million one hundred', 'thousand eight hundred', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'world-class production expertise', 'following indicative timetable', 'new ISIN code', 'one euro cent', 'one (1) new share', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'New Money Warrants', 'creative technology company', 'twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution', 'remaining fractional shares', 'new conversion ratio', 'new exercise parity', 'award-winning studios', '1 New Share', 'creative companies', 'creative community', 'Technicolor Games', 'twenty-sixth resolution', 'one purpose', 'new shares', 'following terms', 'extraordinary ideas', 'outstanding shares', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'par value', 'Effective date', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'main features', 'same date', 'first day', 'financial intermediary', 'next steps', 'Record Date', 'Payment Date', 'financial intermediaries', 'convertible bonds', 'The Mill', 'iconic work', 'global teams', 'brand experience', 'universal art', 'Corporate press', 'symbol TCHCS', 'Mikros Animation', 'Euronext Paris', '2,270) shares', '1,822) shares', 'Completion', 'exchange', 'listing', 'July', 'FRANCE', 'decision', 'May', 'delegation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'notice', 'BALO', 'Number', 'twenty-two', 'market', 'trading', 'multiple', 'rompus', '30 days', 'place', 'Book-entry', 'start', 'period', 'compensation', 'Deadline', 'Adjustment', 'result', 'OCA', 'realization', 'ambitious', 'network', 'MPC', 'artists', 'technologists', 'film', 'television', 'gaming', 'advertising', 'storytelling', 'audiences', 'Image', 'Attachment', '2,551', '25']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Completion-of-the-Technicolor-Creative-Studios-reverse-share-split-44363450/,Technicolor Creative Studios: Completion of the Technicolor Creative Studios' reverse share split,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Technicolor Creative StudiosCompletion of the Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share split Reverse share split through the exchange of one hundred existing shares with a par value of one euro cent for one new share with…,"PRESS RELEASETechnicolor Creative StudiosCompletion of the Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share splitReverse share split through the exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1).Effective date of reverse share split (listing of the new shares): July 18  2023Paris (FRANCE)  July 19  2023 - Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: symbol TCHCS) (the “Company”) announces the completion on July 18  2023 of the reverse share split of all outstanding shares of the Company  as decided by decision of the Chief Executive Officer on May 30  2023  following sub-delegation by the Board of Directors on May 15  2023  taken in accordance with the twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 15  2023.The reverse share split involved the exchange of one hundred (100) old shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) (the “Existing Shares”) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1) (a ""New Share"").The main features of this reverse share split  as detailed in the notice of reverse share split published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 31  2023 and in the press release published by the Company on the same date  are as follows:Number of Existing Shares subject to the reverse share split : two billion five hundred and fifty-one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand two hundred and seventy (2 551 182 270) shares  each with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01).: two billion five hundred and fifty-one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand two hundred and seventy (2 551 182 270) shares  each with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01). Number of New shares resulting from the reverse share split : twenty-five million five hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two (25 511 822) shares  each with a par value of one euro (€1).: twenty-five million five hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two (25 511 822) shares  each with a par value of one euro (€1). Listing of the New Shares: the New Shares resulting from the reverse share split have been admitted to trading on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  with effect from July 18  2023  the first day of trading  and have been assigned a new ISIN code (FR001400I939).A shareholder who was unable to obtain a number of shares that is a multiple of 100 will be compensated for any remaining fractional shares (rompus) within 30 days by his/her financial intermediary.The next steps of the reverse share split will take place according to the following indicative timetable:July 18  2023 Listing of the New Shares July 19  2023 Book-entry of the New Shares (Record Date) July 20  2023 Payment Date of the New Shares and start of the period of compensation for fractional shares (rompus) by the financial intermediaries August 20  2023 Deadline for compensation of fractional shares (rompus) by financial intermediariesAdjustment of the conversion ratio of convertible bonds and of the exercise parity of warrants:As a result of the reverse share split  and by decision of the Chief Executive Officer on July 18  2023  the conversion ratio of the convertible bonds (“OCA”) and the exercise parity of the warrants (“New Money Warrants”) are adjusted in accordance with the following terms  detailed in the twenty-sixth resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting and set out in the notice of reverse share split published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires:Adjustment of the conversion ratio of the OCA : the new conversion ratio of the OCA will be equal to 20 OCA for 1 New Share;: the new conversion ratio of the OCA will be equal to 20 OCA for 1 New Share; Adjustment of the exercise parity of the New Money Warrants: the new exercise parity of the New Money Warrants will be equal to 100 New Money Warrants for 1 New Share.***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'reverse share split', 'Completion', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Technicolor Creative Studios’ reverse share split', 'five million five hundred', 'two billion five hundred', 'one hundred (100) old shares', 'Technicolor Creative Studios shares', 'one hundred (100) existing shares', 'thousand two hundred', 'thousand eight hundred', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'world-class production expertise', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'following indicative timetable', 'new ISIN code', 'one euro cent', 'one (1) new share', 'New Money Warrants', 'creative technology company', 'twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution', 'remaining fractional shares', 'new conversion ratio', 'new exercise parity', 'award-winning studios', '1 New Share', 'creative companies', 'creative community', 'Technicolor Games', 'twenty-sixth resolution', 'one purpose', 'new shares', 'following terms', 'extraordinary ideas', 'outstanding shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'par value', 'Effective date', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'main features', 'same date', 'first day', 'financial intermediary', 'next steps', 'Record Date', 'Payment Date', 'financial intermediaries', 'convertible bonds', 'The Mill', 'iconic work', 'global teams', 'brand experience', 'universal art', 'Corporate press', 'symbol TCHCS', 'Mikros Animation', 'Euronext Paris', '2,270) shares', '1,822) shares', 'Completion', 'exchange', 'listing', 'July', 'FRANCE', 'decision', 'May', 'sub-delegation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'notice', 'BALO', 'Number', 'market', 'trading', 'multiple', 'rompus', '30 days', 'place', 'Book-entry', 'start', 'period', 'compensation', 'Deadline', 'Adjustment', 'result', 'OCA', 'realization', 'ambitious', 'network', 'MPC', 'artists', 'technologists', 'film', 'television', 'gaming', 'advertising', 'storytelling', 'audiences', 'Image', 'Attachment', '2,551', '25']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-applies-to-Public-Finance-Department-pilot-phase-to-become-a-Partner-Dematerialization-Plat-44370777/,Quadient applies to Public Finance Department pilot phase to become a Partner Dematerialization Platform in 2024,(marketscreener.com) Quadient applies to Public Finance Department pilot phase to become a Partner Dematerialization Platform in 2024 Quadient has already submitted its application to the French State Financial Data Processing Agency for the pilot starting in…,Quadient applies toPublic Finance Department pilot phase to becomea Partner Dematerialization Platform in 2024Quadient has already submitted its application to the French State Financial Data Processing Agency (AIFE) for the pilot starting in January 2024Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leading provider of digital invoice and customer communication management technology  announced that it has submitted its application to join the pilot project starting in January 2024  as part of the process to be a registered Partner Dematerialization Platform (PDP) by the French tax authorities. This pilot phase will be conducted with selected customers among the thousands of French businesses using Quadient solutions  ahead of the enforcement of the new regulation for eletronic invoices in the summer of 2024.Quadient positions itself as a trusted partner to support the digitalization of businesses  and is in the process of completing the application to obtain its registration as a PDP to offer a secure solution  integrated with their existing management and invoicing tools.Dematerialization platforms will be an essential component in the electronic transmission of business-to-business (B2B) invoices and company data to the French administration starting July 2024. Those recognized by the Public Finance Department (DGFiP)  following an official registration procedure  will ensure the security and integrity of invoices by managing their transmission between suppliers and their customers  and will be able to extract tax data for electronic transmission to the French authorities.“We welcome the context of the French Finance Bill  which will accelerate the digital transition of businesses and enable business transactions to be more secure. Drawing on our long track record in invoice management and digitization  it's only natural we should apply to become a registered PDP with the French tax authorities  to help companies comply with future regulatory obligations ” explains Stéphanie Auchabie  Chief Operations Officer for Quadient France-Benelux. “We look forward to runpreviewconnection tests with the public invoicing portal and our customers  and therefore hope to be selected by the AIFE for the pilot phase. By offering a secure and seamless solution  we simplify invoice digitization and facilitate the transfer of tax data to the authorities for our current and future customers  guaranteeing them a smooth transition towards digital invoicing.”For many years now  Quadient has been helping companies of all sizes to automate and digitize their customer and supplier invoices. The company remains committed to guiding them through the transition towards compliance with the new regulations. To read about seven key points businesses need to be aware of before the July 2024 deadline  visit https://www.quadient.com/fr/blog/7-points-a-maitriser-facturation-electronique (in French).About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Public Finance Department pilot phase', 'Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'French State Financial Data Processing Agency', 'three key solution areas', 'customer communication management technology', 'Finance Department pilot phase', 'Public Finance Department', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'French Finance Bill', 'long track record', 'Stéphanie Auchabie', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'future regulatory obligations', 'seven key points', 'public invoicing portal', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'official registration procedure', 'French tax authorities', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'tax data', 'French authorities', 'French administration', 'trusted partner', 'existing management', 'Dematerialization platforms', 'invoice management', 'seamless solution', 'company data', 'invoicing tools', 'digital invoicing', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'pilot project', 'secure solution', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading provider', 'digital invoice', 'French businesses', 'new regulation', 'essential component', 'many years', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'eletronic invoices', 'B2B) invoices', 'supplier invoices', 'future customers', 'electronic transmission', 'digital transition', 'smooth transition', 'Quadient solutions', 'invoice digitization', 'July 2024 deadline', 'Joe Scolaro', 'business transactions', 'Quadient France-Benelux', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'application', 'AIFE', 'January', 'QDT', 'PDP', 'thousands', 'enforcement', 'summer', 'digitalization', 'DGFiP', 'security', 'integrity', 'suppliers', 'context', 'companies', 'tests', 'transfer', 'current', 'sizes', 'compliance', 'maitriser-facturation-electronique', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Ext.', 'Attachment']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707558/0/en/Quadient-applies-to-Public-Finance-Department-pilot-phase-to-become-a-Partner-Dematerialization-Platform-in-2024.html,Quadient applies to Public Finance Department pilot phase to become a Partner Dematerialization Platform in 2024,Quadient applies to Public Finance Department pilot phase to become a Partner Dematerialization Platform in 2024  Quadient has already submitted its......,English FrenchQuadient applies to Public Finance Department pilot phase to become a Partner Dematerialization Platform in 2024Quadient has already submitted its application to the French State Financial Data Processing Agency (AIFE) for the pilot starting in January 2024Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leading provider of digital invoice and customer communication management technology  announced that it has submitted its application to join the pilot project starting in January 2024  as part of the process to be a registered Partner Dematerialization Platform (PDP) by the French tax authorities. This pilot phase will be conducted with selected customers among the thousands of French businesses using Quadient solutions  ahead of the enforcement of the new regulation for eletronic invoices in the summer of 2024.Quadient positions itself as a trusted partner to support the digitalization of businesses  and is in the process of completing the application to obtain its registration as a PDP to offer a secure solution  integrated with their existing management and invoicing tools.Dematerialization platforms will be an essential component in the electronic transmission of business-to-business (B2B) invoices and company data to the French administration starting July 2024. Those recognized by the Public Finance Department (DGFiP)  following an official registration procedure  will ensure the security and integrity of invoices by managing their transmission between suppliers and their customers  and will be able to extract tax data for electronic transmission to the French authorities.“We welcome the context of the French Finance Bill  which will accelerate the digital transition of businesses and enable business transactions to be more secure. Drawing on our long track record in invoice management and digitization  it's only natural we should apply to become a registered PDP with the French tax authorities  to help companies comply with future regulatory obligations ” explains Stéphanie Auchabie  Chief Operations Officer for Quadient France-Benelux. “We look forward to run preview connection tests with the public invoicing portal and our customers  and therefore hope to be selected by the AIFE for the pilot phase. By offering a secure and seamless solution  we simplify invoice digitization and facilitate the transfer of tax data to the authorities for our current and future customers  guaranteeing them a smooth transition towards digital invoicing.”For many years now  Quadient has been helping companies of all sizes to automate and digitize their customer and supplier invoices. The company remains committed to guiding them through the transition towards compliance with the new regulations. To read about seven key points businesses need to be aware of before the July 2024 deadline  visit https://www.quadient.com/fr/blog/7-points-a-maitriser-facturation-electronique (in French).About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['Public Finance Department pilot phase', 'Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'French State Financial Data Processing Agency', 'Public Finance Department pilot phase', 'three key solution areas', 'customer communication management technology', 'seven key points businesses', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'French Finance Bill', 'long track record', 'Stéphanie Auchabie', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'public invoicing portal', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'future regulatory obligations', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'official registration procedure', 'preview connection tests', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'French tax authorities', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'tax data', 'French authorities', 'English French', 'French businesses', 'trusted partner', 'existing management', 'Dematerialization platforms', 'French administration', 'invoice management', 'seamless solution', 'company data', 'pilot project', 'invoicing tools', 'digital invoicing', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'secure solution', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading provider', 'digital invoice', 'new regulation', 'essential component', 'many years', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'eletronic invoices', 'B2B) invoices', 'supplier invoices', 'future customers', 'electronic transmission', 'digital transition', 'smooth transition', 'Quadient solutions', 'invoice digitization', 'July 2024 deadline', 'business transactions', 'Quadient France-Benelux', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'application', 'AIFE', 'January', 'QDT', 'PDP', 'thousands', 'enforcement', 'summer', 'digitalization', 'DGFiP', 'security', 'integrity', 'suppliers', 'context', 'companies', 'transfer', 'current', 'sizes', 'compliance', 'maitriser-facturation-electronique', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'Small', 'information', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Attachment']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-Announces-Leaner-HQ-Management-Team-Strengthening-Operating-Company-Boards-44370171/,VEON Announces Leaner HQ Management Team Strengthening Operating Company Boards,(marketscreener.com)   Amsterdam  19 July 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces changes to its management team  creating a leaner Group management in line with its portfolio size …,Amsterdam  19 July 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces changes to its management team  creating a leaner Group management in line with its portfolio size  while strengthening operating company boards.Group Head of Portfolio Management Dmitry Shvets  Group Chief People Officer Michael Schulz and Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer Matthieu Galvani will be stepping down from their executive roles effective 1 October 2023. They will continue to support the VEON Group as directors on VEON’s Operating Company Boards. VEON’s Group Executive Committee (GEC) will comprise 3 members - Group Chief Executive Officer Kaan Terzioglu  Group Chief Financial Officer Joop Brakenhoff and Group General Counsel Omiyinka Doris – with a flatter Group leadership team structure.“It has been a privilege to work with Dmitry  Michael and Matthieu in our Group Executive Committee and I would like to thank them for their outstanding service  their exemplary leadership and their contributions to navigating VEON through the past challenging period. VEON Group as whole  and specifically our operating companies  will continue to benefit from their vast expertise and depth of experience as they will continue to be members of our operating company Boards.” said Kaan Terzioglu  VEON Group CEO.With the transition to a smaller GEC  VEON is developing its distributed decision-making model further  with a lean headquarters and increasingly self-sufficient operating companies  each with a local Board of Directors. The leaner Group management will increase VEON’s agility in decision-making at the headquarters level  and support Group’s evolution into a more compact and faster-growing entity as the Group’s portfolio evolves.This also follows the decisions taken during VEON’s recent Annual General Meeting (AGM) where the Company’s shareholders supported a smaller VEON Board of Directors  reducing the Board’s size from 11 to 7 members.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s management team and governance structure. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comContact informationVEONSenior Communications ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.13,0.56,True,English,"['Leaner HQ Management Team', 'Operating Company Boards', 'VEON', 'Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer Matthieu Galvani', 'Group Chief People Officer Michael Schulz', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Group General Counsel Omiyinka Doris', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'flatter Group leadership team structure', 'recent Annual General Meeting', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Group Executive Committee', 'global digital operator', 'past challenging period', 'six dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'leaner Group management', 'operating company boards', 'self-sufficient operating companies', 'distributed decision-making model', 'VEON Group CEO', 'smaller VEON Board', 'exemplary leadership', 'governance structure', 'management team', 'Group Head', 'executive roles', 'Portfolio Management', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'outstanding service', 'vast expertise', 'smaller GEC', 'lean headquarters', 'local Board', 'headquarters level', 'faster-growing entity', '160 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Nik Kershaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Dmitry Shvets', 'unanticipated events', 'VEON Ltd.', '11 to 7 members', 'Contact information', 'portfolio size', 'statements', '3 members', 'NASDAQ', 'changes', 'directors', 'privilege', 'contributions', 'depth', 'experience', 'transition', 'agility', 'evolution', 'compact', 'decisions', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'elements']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HAVILA-KYSTRUTEN-AS-125277845/news/Havila-Kystruten-AS-Key-information-relating-to-subsequent-offering-44365152/,Havila Kystruten AS : Key information relating to subsequent offering,(marketscreener.com) Reference is made to the stock exchange release by Havila Kystruten AS on 18 July 2023 regarding completion of a private placement of new shares in the Company and that the Company is considering a subsequent offering of up to 60 000 000 …,"Reference is made to the stock exchange release by Havila Kystruten AS (the ""Company"") on 18 July 2023 regarding completion of a private placement (the ""Private Placement"") of new shares in the Company and that the Company is considering a subsequent offering of up to 60 000 000 new shares at the same subscription price as in the Private Placement (the ""Subsequent Offering"").Date on which the terms and conditions of the Subsequent Offering were announced: 18 July 2023Last day including right: 18 July 2023Ex-date: 19 July 2023Record date: 20 July 2023Maximum number of new shares: 60 000 000Subscription price: NOK 1.00 per shareOther information: The Subsequent Offering is subject toi) the resolution by the Company's extraordinary general meeting  expected to be held on 20 July 2023 ii) the publication of a prospectus in appropriate form andiii) the prevailing market price of the Company's shares following the Private Placement.The Board may decide that the Subsequent Offering will not be carried out in the event that the Company's shares trade below the subscription price in the Subsequent Offering at adequate volumes.The Subsequent Offering will not be available for shareholders resident in a jurisdiction where such offering would be unlawful  or for jurisdictions other than Norway  would require any filing  registration or similar action.This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book and published by Arne Johan Dale  CFO of Havila Kystruten AS  on 19 July 2023 at 09:00 CEST.Contacts:CEO Bent Martini  + 47 905 99 650CFO Arne Johan Dale  +47 909 87 706",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Havila Kystruten AS', 'Key information', 'subsequent offering', 'Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book', 'CFO Arne Johan Dale', 'stock exchange release', 'Havila Kystruten AS', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'CEO Bent Martini', 'prevailing market price', 'same subscription price', 'The Subsequent Offering', 'private placement', 'Last day', 'Maximum number', 'appropriate form', 'adequate volumes', 'similar action', 'new shares', 'Record date', 'Other information', 'Reference', 'Company', '18 July', 'completion', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Ex-date', '19 July', '20 July', 'NOK', 'resolution', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'Board', 'event', 'shareholders', 'jurisdiction', 'Norway', 'filing', 'registration', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'Contacts', '09:00']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707000/0/en/Havila-Kystruten-AS-Key-information-relating-to-subsequent-offering.html,Havila Kystruten AS : Key information relating to subsequent offering,"Reference is made to the stock exchange release by Havila Kystruten AS (the ""Company"") on 18 July 2023 regarding completion of a private placement (the ""Private Placement"") of new shares in the Company and that the Company is considering a subsequent offering…","English NorwegianReference is made to the stock exchange release by Havila Kystruten AS (the ""Company"") on 18 July 2023 regarding completion of a private placement (the ""Private Placement"") of new shares in the Company and that the Company is considering a subsequent offering of up to 60 000 000 new shares at the same subscription price as in the Private Placement (the ""Subsequent Offering"").Date on which the terms and conditions of the Subsequent Offering were announced: 18 July 2023Last day including right: 18 July 2023Ex-date: 19 July 2023Record date: 20 July 2023Maximum number of new shares: 60 000 000Subscription price: NOK 1.00 per shareOther information: The Subsequent Offering is subject toi) the resolution by the Company's extraordinary general meeting  expected to be held on 20 July 2023 ii) the publication of a prospectus in appropriate form andiii) the prevailing market price of the Company's shares following the Private Placement.The Board may decide that the Subsequent Offering will not be carried out in the event that the Company's shares trade below the subscription price in the Subsequent Offering at adequate volumes.The Subsequent Offering will not be available for shareholders resident in a jurisdiction where such offering would be unlawful  or for jurisdictions other than Norway  would require any filing  registration or similar action.This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book and published by Arne Johan Dale  CFO of Havila Kystruten AS  on 19 July 2023 at 09:00 CEST.Contacts:CEO Bent Martini  + 47 905 99 650CFO Arne Johan Dale  +47 909 87 706",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Havila Kystruten AS', 'Key information', 'subsequent offering', 'Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book', 'CFO Arne Johan Dale', 'stock exchange release', 'Havila Kystruten AS', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'CEO Bent Martini', 'prevailing market price', 'same subscription price', 'The Subsequent Offering', 'to 60,000,000 new shares', 'English Norwegian', 'private placement', 'Last day', 'Maximum number', 'appropriate form', 'adequate volumes', 'similar action', 'Record date', 'Other information', 'Reference', 'Company', '18 July', 'completion', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Ex-date', '19 July', '20 July', 'resolution', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'Board', 'event', 'shareholders', 'jurisdiction', 'Norway', 'filing', 'registration', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'Contacts', '09:00']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707762/0/en/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-First-Patient-Injected-in-New-Phase-1-2-Study-Evaluating-Radiotherapy-Activated-NBTXR3-Plus-Anti-PD-1-for-Patients-With-Advanced-Cancers.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces First Patient Injected in New Phase 1/2 Study Evaluating Radiotherapy-Activated NBTXR3 Plus Anti-PD-1 for Patients With Advanced Cancers,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  July 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO — NASDAQ: NBTX – the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cance…,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  July 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO — NASDAQ: NBTX – the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced that the first patient has been injected in a Phase 1/2 study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy in combination with anti-PD-1/L-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumor malignancies that have spread to lungs (lung metastases) and/or liver (liver metastases). The trial (NCT05039632) is being conducted as part of an ongoing strategic collaboration between Nanobiotix and The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center evaluating radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 across solid tumor indications and treatment combinations.“Fundamental in the effort to bring the potential benefits of NBTXR3 to millions of patients around the world is an expansive development program that pushes the scientific boundaries of oncology ” said Leonard A. Farber  MD  Chief Clinical and Medical Affairs Officer at Nanobiotix. “This collaboration expands development of NBTXR3 across solid tumor indications  therapeutic combinations  and treatment modalities in parallel with studies led by Nanobiotix. We are pleased with the momentum we continue to build in our program and look forward to the opportunity to bring NBTXR3 to more patients.”This new study expands the ongoing strategic collaboration to five actively recruiting trials. Beyond the new study  the additional active studies in the collaboration include:A Phase 2 study of radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 in combination with anti-PD-1 for patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer (NCT04862455)A Phase 1 study of radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 for patients with inoperable non-small cell lung cancer (NCT04505267)A Phase 1 study of radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 for patients with pancreatic cancer (NCT04484909)A Phase 1 study of NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with chemotherapy for patients with esophageal cancer (NCT04615013)Nanobiotix expects data from the collaboration to be presented in H2 2023.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy; and a Phase 3 global registrational study was launched in 2021. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company-sponsored phase I clinical study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC  or lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and phase II studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2021  the Company announced an agreement with LianBio to expand development of NBTXR3 into Greater China and other Asian Markets  and in 2023 Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The Company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate – NBTXR3 – which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Cautionary StatementThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “additional”  “aim”  “continue”  “could”  “drive”  “enable”  “expect”  “further”  “look forward”  “may”  “ongoing”  “potential”  “promise”  “realize”  “subject to”  “success-based”  “up to”  “will”  and “would” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the overall development of NBTXR3  including the timing and progress of clinical trials; the development of NBTXR3 pursuant to the license  agreement with Janssen (the “Agreement”) and the potential payments for which Nanobiotix is eligible under the Agreement; the potential for  and possible size of  the proposed equity investment by JJDC; and the financial position of Nanobiotix. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that conditions to closing  including necessary regulatory approvals  are not satisfied in a timely manner or at all; the risks arising from Nanobiotix’s reliance on Janssen to conduct development and commercialization activities with respect to NBTXR3  including the potential for disagreements or disputes under the Agreement; the risk that Janssen may exercise its discretion in a manner that limits the resources contributed toward the development of NBTXR3 under the Agreement or may exercise its faculty to terminate without cause the Agreement; the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data; and the risk that the Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 24 2023  (copies of which are available on www.nanobiotix.com)  may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.73,0.05,0.22,True,English,"['New Phase 1/2 Study', 'Radiotherapy-Activated NBTXR3 Plus Anti-PD-1', 'First Patient', 'Advanced Cancers', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Patients', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'Company-sponsored phase I clinical study', 'inoperable non-small cell lung cancer', 'five actively recruiting trials', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'significant tumor cell death', 'anti-PD-1/L-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 global registrational study', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'advanced solid tumor malignancies', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'adaptive immune response', 'Phase 1/2 study', 'A Phase 2 study', 'A Phase 1 study', 'Phase 1 dose escalation', 'Leonard A. Farber', 'Medical Affairs Officer', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'dose expansion study', 'United States Food', 'other Asian Markets', 'Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'solid tumor indications', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'phase II studies', 'additional active studies', 'ongoing strategic collaboration', 'favorable safety data', 'priority development pathways', 'primary development pathway', 'expansive development program', 'class oncology product', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'Phase 3 study', 'physics-based approaches', 'Chief Clinical', 'primary cancer', 'several Phase 1', 'new study', 'pancreatic cancer', 'esophageal cancer', 'global co', 'tumor types', 'lung metastases', 'advanced head', 'therapeutic combinations', 'neck cancer', 'product candidate', 'advanced HNSCC', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'first patient', 'radiation therapy', 'The University', 'potential benefits', 'scientific boundaries', 'metastatic head', 'physical mechanism', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'same population', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'Greater China', 'The Company', 'collaboration strategy', 'treatment possibilities', 'liver metastases', 'treatment combinations', 'treatment modalities', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'treatment outcomes', 'physical MoA', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'locoregional recurrent', 'license agreement', 'radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'patients', 'lungs', 'effort', 'millions', 'world', 'parallel', 'momentum', 'opportunity', 'H2', 'action', 'efficacy', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'LianBio', 'commercialization', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'push', '2019', '2023']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706959/0/en/argenx-raises-1-1-billion-in-gross-proceeds-in-a-global-offering.html,argenx raises $1.1 billion in gross proceeds in a global offering,Regulated information — Inside information          July 18  2023  9:20 PM ET  July 19  2023  3:20 AM CET     Amsterdam  the Netherlands — argenx SE......,Regulated information — Inside informationJuly 18  2023  9:20 PM ETJuly 19  2023  3:20 AM CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands — argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  announced today the pricing of a global offering of ordinary shares  which may be represented by American Depository Shares (“ADSs”). The global offering is comprised of an offering of ordinary shares represented by ADSs in the United States and certain other countries outside of the European Economic Area and a simultaneous private placement of ordinary shares in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. The Company anticipates total gross proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion (approximately €979.6 million) from the sale of 1 580 981 ADSs at a price of $490.00 per ADS and the sale of 663 918 ordinary shares at a price of €436.37 per ordinary share. Each of the ADSs represents the right to receive one ordinary share  nominal value of €0.10 per share. The U.S. offering and the European private placement are currently expected to close simultaneously on July 24  2023  subject to customary closing conditions.In addition  argenx has granted the underwriters of the offering a 30-day option to purchase up to 336 734 ordinary shares (which may be represented by ADSs) on the same terms and conditions.argenx’s ADSs are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ARGX” and argenx’s ordinary shares are currently listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol “ARGX”.J.P. Morgan  Morgan Stanley  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  BofA Securities and TD Cowen are acting as joint bookrunning managers for the offering. Van Lanschot Kempen is acting as manager for the offering.The securities are being offered in the United States pursuant to an automatically effective shelf registration statement that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the securities being offered in the United States was filed with the SEC on July 17  2023. The final prospectus supplement relating to the securities being offered in the United States will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.When available  copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the U.S. offering may be obtained for free from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions  1155 Long Island Avenue  Edgewood  NY 11717  by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com  or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  180 Varick Street  2nd Floor  New York  NY 10014  Attn: Prospectus Department  or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  200 West Street  New York  NY 10282  Attn: Prospectus Department  by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com  or by telephone at 866-471-2526; from BofA Securities  NC1-022-02-25  201 North Tryon Street  Charlotte  North Carolina 28255-0001  Attn: Prospectus Department  or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@bofa.com; or from Cowen and Company  LLC  599 Lexington Avenue  New York  NY 10022  by email at Prospectus_ECM@cowen.com  or by telephone at (833) 297-2926.A request for the admission to listing and trading of the ordinary shares (including the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs) on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels will be made.This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute  and should not be construed as  an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale is not permitted or to any person or entity to whom it is unlawful to make such offer  solicitation or sale. Reference is also made to the restrictions set out in “Important information” below. This press release is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into any state or jurisdiction into which doing so would be unlawful or where a prior registration or approval is required for such purpose.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin MurphyEMurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)ARoy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)LElton@argenx.comForward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should ” and include statements argenx makes concerning the anticipated total gross proceeds and closing of the proposed offering. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including argenx’s expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities  regulatory approval requirements and commercialization of its products; argenx’s reliance on collaborations with third parties; estimating the commercial potential of argenx’s product candidates; argenx’s ability to obtain and maintain protection of intellectual property for its technologies and drugs; argenx’s limited operating history; and argenx’s ability to obtain additional funding for operations and to complete the development and commercialization of its product candidates. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s SEC filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Important informationThe preliminary prospectus supplement in respect of the U.S. offering does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and has not been approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) or the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit Financiële Diensten en Markten) or any other European Supervisory Authority.No public offering will be made and no one has taken any action that would  or is intended to  permit a public offering in any country or jurisdiction  other than the United States  where any such action is required  including in the European Economic Area. In the European Economic Area  the offering to which this press release relates will only be available to  and will be engaged in only with  qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.European Economic Area:No action has been or will be taken to offer the ordinary shares to a retail investor established in the European Economic Area as part of the global offering. For the purposes of this paragraph:a. The expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:• • a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or • a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or • not a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; andb. the expression “offer” means any communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe these securities.In addition  in the United Kingdom  the transaction to which this press release relates will only be available to  and will be engaged in only with persons who are “qualified investors” (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Prospectus Regulation) (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the Order)  and/or (ii) who are high net worth companies (or persons to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated) falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.StabilizationIn connection with the offering  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (the “Stabilization Manager”)  or any of its agents  on behalf of the underwriters may (but will be under no obligation to)  to the extent permitted by applicable law  over-allot ordinary shares or ADSs or effect other transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the ordinary shares or ADSs at a higher level than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The Stabilization Manager is not required to enter into such transactions and such transactions may be effected on any securities market  over-the-counter market  stock exchange (including Euronext Brussels) or otherwise and may be undertaken at any time starting on the first trading date and ending no later than 30 calendar days thereafter.However  there will be no obligation on the Stabilization Manager or any of its agents to effect stabilizing transactions and there is no assurance that stabilizing transactions will be undertaken. Such stabilization  if commenced  may be discontinued at any time without prior notice. Save as required by law or regulation  neither the Stabilization Manager nor any of its agents intends to disclose the extent of any over-allotments made and/or stabilization transactions under the offering.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.09,0.87,True,English,"['gross proceeds', 'global offering', 'argenx', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'J.P. Morgan Securities LLC', 'effective shelf registration statement', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'The U.S. offering', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'European Economic Area', 'simultaneous private placement', 'total gross proceeds', 'European private placement', 'joint bookrunning managers', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', '1155 Long Island Avenue', 'American Depository Shares', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'final prospectus supplement', 'customary closing conditions', '201 North Tryon Street', 'global immunology company', 'one ordinary share', 'Morgan Stanley', 'regulated market', 'prior registration', 'The Company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'global offering', 'North Carolina', '599 Lexington Avenue', 'Co. LLC', '180 Varick Street', '200 West Street', 'ordinary shares', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Prospectus Department', 'United States', 'other countries', 'United Kingdom', 'nominal value', '30-day option', 'same terms', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Exchange Commission', '2nd Floor', 'New York', 'dg.prospectus_requests', 'press release', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Brussels', 'BofA Securities', 'Regulated information', 'information purposes', 'Important information', 'TD Cowen', 'argenx SE', 'July', '3:20 AM', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'pricing', 'ADSs', 'sale', 'price', 'right', 'addition', 'underwriters', 'symbol', 'website', 'sec.', 'copies', 'Edgewood', 'email', 'jpmchase', 'telephone', 'Charlotte', 'Prospectus_ECM', 'listing', 'trading', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'person', 'entity', 'Reference', 'restrictions', 'publication', 'distribution', 'approval', 'IIP', 'first', 'Japan', 'Israel', 'UK', 'China', 'efgartigimod', 'Media', 'EMurphy', 'Investors', 'ARoy', 'LElton', 'contents', 'announcement', '9:20']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERMENTALG-16118042/news/Fermentalg-H1-2023-Sales-New-strategic-plan-in-Fall-44371391/,Fermentalg :  H1 2023 Sales / New strategic plan in Fall,(marketscreener.com)  Libourne - July 19  2023 - Fermentalg   a French expert in microalgae  published today its sales figures for the 1er half-year of the 2023 financial year[1] and announced the presentation next fall of the major orientations of the new …,"Libourne - July 19  2023 - Fermentalg (Euronext - FALG)  a French expert in microalgae  published today its sales figures for the 1er half-year of the 2023 financial year[1] and announced the presentation next fall of the major orientations of the new strategic plan prepared under the leadership of its new CEO  Pierre Josselin.Pierre Josselin commented: ""My first few weeks at Fermentalg have confirmed my belief in the company's growth potential. The excellence of our teams' expertise in microalgae biology and the bio-industrialization processes developed in recent years mean that we can now offer high-quality natural ingredients that meet the sustainability challenges of major industrial players  particularly in the nutraceuticals and agri-food sectors. Whether it's the Omega-3 DHA Origins® or the natural blue colorant from the Blue Origins® program   world leaders in these markets have already validated these cutting-edge technologies  which are unique in Europe. We have the capabilities to meet the challenge of rapidly accelerating sales  which is my priority in the next few months. The strategic plan I will present next fall will unite our strengths around an ambitious roadmap focusing on growth and CSR  and enabling the company to take its place as a leading player in the environmental and societal transition as quickly as possible.""Business still impacted in the short term by a tense macro-economic situation(in K€) S1 2022 S1 2023 Net Sales 5 241 2 435Against a backdrop of geopolitical and inflationary tensions impacting the entire agri-food industry and its production costs  Q2 2023 sales totaled 940k euros (vs. 2 347k euros in Q2 2022)  driven exclusively by the Omega 3s business in Europe and South America  while the North American and Asian markets continue to suffer from an economic slowdown.Total sales for H1 2023 amounted to €2.4 million  compared with €5.2 million for H1 2022  a period which benefited from a record level of orders from customers in Europe and North America  not renewed in 2023.Sales this year also include a production batch intended for the pre-marketing to major food industry accounts of the first natural blue colorant stable in acid conditions and resistant to heat treatment. Regulatory approval processes are ongoing in the United States and Europe  with the first approval expected in the United States by the end of 2023.A new strategic plan to launch the next phase of developmentFermentalg's high value-added products and solutions are a major asset to meet the needs and requirements of customers engaged in the necessary transformation of their business models in favor of environmental transition  particularly in the healthcare and sustainable food sectors. One example of this is the French State support within the France 2030 national plan.Since his arrival  Pierre Josselin has initiated a structural review with all stakeholders to revitalize sales  prioritize the most promising projects within the framework of an optimized industrial organization and support sustainable growth that is less dependent on cyclical fluctuations. It relies on a new marketing and commercial approach of the target markets  in order to better exploit the unique characteristics of Fermentalg's solutions  and aims to strategically leverage the company's corporate responsibility policy.This new strategic plan will be presented in autumn 2023.Next publication: interim results 2023  September 13  2023 (after close of trading)About FermentalgAn expert in the research and bioindustrial exploitation of microalgae  Fermentalg aims to offer sustainable solutions and innovative products that contribute to the development of healthy  natural and high-performance products. Our business: the development  production and marketing of sustainable solutions and active ingredients derived from microalgae  for use in nutrition  health and the environment. Nutritional lipids  alternative proteins  natural food colorings and innovative environmental solutions make up our company's current and future offering. Fermentalg shares are listed on Euronext Paris (FR0011271600 - FALG)  and are eligible for PEA-PME and SRD long-only. It has received an Exemplary rating (85/100) from Gaïa Research  a rating agency specializing in the ESG performance of SMEs listed on European markets  in favor of Socially Responsible Investment (SRI).Further information: www.fermentalg.comContact for journalists : Investor Relations : ACTUS finance & communicationFatou-Kiné N'DIAYEPhone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationAnne-Catherine BONJOURPhone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93fermentalg@actus.fr[1] Unaudited dataThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mXBxk8VqZ2+ZlmxvaZhrl2hsb2toxJKYm5aWmWOelZaUmZ1lx2xmZ8jKZnFilWxm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81070-fermentalg_pr_h1-revenue_2023_vdef-en-us.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['New strategic plan', 'H1 2023 Sales', 'Fermentalg', 'Fall', 'major food industry accounts', 'first natural blue colorant', 'Blue Origins® program', 'natural food colorings', 'Omega-3 DHA Origins®', 'tense macro-economic situation', 'entire agri-food industry', 'corporate responsibility policy', 'Socially Responsible Investment', ""Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE"", 'original press release', 'France 2030 national plan', 'high-quality natural ingredients', 'French State support', 'high value-added products', 'major industrial players', 'new strategic plan', 'sustainable food sectors', 'Regulatory approval processes', 'Gaïa Research', 'Omega 3s business', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'innovative environmental solutions', 'agri-food sectors', 'healthy, natural', 'first approval', 'innovative products', 'major orientations', 'major asset', 'new CEO', 'bio-industrialization processes', 'industrial organization', 'active ingredients', 'high-performance products', 'sustainable solutions', 'French expert', '1er half-year', '2023 financial year', 'Pierre Josselin', ""teams' expertise"", 'recent years', 'sustainability challenges', 'world leaders', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'ambitious roadmap', 'leading player', 'societal transition', 'short term', 'inflationary tensions', '940k euros', '2,347k euros', 'South America', 'North American', 'economic slowdown', 'record level', 'acid conditions', 'heat treatment', 'United States', 'necessary transformation', 'environmental transition', 'One example', 'structural review', 'promising projects', 'cyclical fluctuations', 'commercial approach', 'unique characteristics', 'interim results', 'bioindustrial exploitation', 'Nutritional lipids', 'alternative proteins', 'future offering', 'Exemplary rating', 'rating agency', 'ESG performance', 'Investor Relations', 'Anne-Catherine BONJOUR', 'Unaudited data', 'other releases', 'new marketing', 'sustainable growth', 'next fall', 'Asian markets', 'next phase', 'business models', 'target markets', 'European markets', 'growth potential', 'production costs', 'production batch', 'Further information', 'ACTUS finance', 'Regulated information', 'sales figures', 'Net Sales', 'Total sales', 'Euronext Paris', 'microalgae biology', 'Next publication', 'Fermentalg shares', 'Q2 2023 sales', 'Libourne', 'FALG', 'presentation', 'leadership', 'weeks', 'belief', 'company', 'excellence', 'nutraceuticals', 'capabilities', 'priority', 'months', 'strengths', 'CSR', 'place', 'K€', 'backdrop', 'geopolitical', 'H1', 'period', 'orders', 'customers', 'end', 'development', 'needs', 'requirements', 'favor', 'healthcare', 'arrival', 'stakeholders', 'framework', 'autumn', 'close', 'trading', 'use', 'current', 'PEA-PME', 'SRD', 'SMEs', 'SRI', 'Contact', 'journalists', 'communication', 'Phone', 'Full', 'PDF']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707513/0/en/Sogeclair-Consolidated-turnover-for-the-1st-half-2023-7-4-at-72-6M-At-constants-exchange-rate-and-perimeter-7-0.html,Sogeclair: Consolidated turnover for the 1st half 2023: +7 4% at €72.6M / At constants exchange rate and perimeter*: +7.0%,Blagnac  France  July 19th 2023-5.35 pm     Montreal  Canada    Consolidated turnover for the 1st half 2023: +7 4% at €72.6MAt constants exchange rate...,English FrenchBlagnac  France  July 19th 2023-5.35 pm Montreal  CanadaConsolidated turnover for the 1st half 2023: +7 4% at €72.6MAt constants exchange rate and perimeter*: +7.0%SOGECLAIR  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility announces today its turnover for the 1st half 2023  ending on June 30  2023.Despite an unfavorable base effect (+14.3% in the 1st half of 2022)  the 1st half of 2023 closed with sustained growth of 7.4% (7% at constants exchange rate and perimeter). Growth was driven by the commercial aviation (+17.4%)  defense  rail and business aviation sectors (each between +8.2% and +8.7%)  while the automotive (-6.3%) and industrial (-36.1%) sectors suffered.In the 2nd quarter  turnover rose by 6.7%.* The change variations over the period represent €0.3M against € 1.5M in 2022.By geographical areaH1 2023 turnover(€M)H1 2022 turnover(€M)Impact on 2023 turnover(as %) Evolution(as %) France 32.6 36.5 44.9%-10.8% Europe 17.0 13.1 23.4% +29.6% America18.113.024.9%+38.8% Asia-Pacific 3.6 4.6 5.0% -20.5% Rest of the world 1.3 0.3 1.8% +305.0%Differences are due to rounding.Europe and America are the fastest-growing regions  while France and Asia-Pacific are in decline after the strong increases of 2022 (+17.9% and +43% respectively).By Business Unit Turnover (€M)H1-2023 Turnover (€M)H1-2022 Variation(as %)EngineeringAt constants exchange rate and perimeter 37.337.2 36.235.3 +3.1%+2.8%SolutionsAt constants exchange rate and perimeter 34.834.6 31.130.0 +11.9%+11.3%Conseil0.5 0.3 NSTotal72.6 67.6 +7.4%International40.0 31.0 +29.0%Differences are due to rounding.The Engineering Business Unit - support activity for manufacturers in the development of their products  processes and product life cycle - (51.4% of turnover) increases by 3.1%  driven by a strong recovery in commercial aviation (+12.3%)  a good performance in business aviation (+3.1%) - SOGECLAIR awarded Diamond Supplier label for Bombardier for 3rd year running - and the re-internalization of contracts in the space and rail sectors.The Solutions Business Unit - equipment manufacturer activity - (47.9% of turnover) continues its strong growth (+11.9%) with a base effect of +15.2% in 2022. The main drivers are commercial aviation (+21.4% - upturn in production rates) and business aviation (+25.8%)  as well as rail (+8.9%) and defense (+8.1%). The automotive sector slowed to -6.3%.The Conseil Business Unit - auditing  consulting and optimization of technologies and processes - (0.7% of turnover – 0.4% over the quarter) in growth by 66.7% after a start-up year in 2022.PerspectivesThe ONE SOGECLAIR plan is in place and markets are dynamic. Potential growth is strong and will depend on our ability to recruit new employees on all continents in a tense market context.Next announcement: results for H1 2023  on September 06th  2023  after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SogeclairSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  Chairman of Board of SOGECLAIR / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Executive Officer of SOGECLAIR / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.16,0.64,True,English,"['constants exchange rate', 'Consolidated turnover', '1st half', 'Sogeclair', 'perimeter', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'The Solutions Business Unit', 'The Conseil Business Unit', 'The Engineering Business Unit', 'high added value', 'English French Blagnac', 'constants exchange rate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Business Unit Turnover', 'equipment manufacturer activity', 'tense market context', 'unfavorable base effect', 'product life cycle', 'Diamond Supplier label', 'business aviation sectors', 'ONE SOGECLAIR plan', 'innovative solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'support activity', 'Stock Market', 'high-quality engineering', 'commercial aviation', '1st half', 'less-consuming mobility', 'change variations', 'geographical area', 'growing regions', 'strong increases', 'H1-2022 Variation', 'strong recovery', 'good performance', '3rd year', 'main drivers', 'start-up year', 'new employees', 'Next announcement', 'efficient mobility', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'Press contact', 'production rates', 'production chain', 'sustained growth', 'strong growth', 'Potential growth', 'Consolidated turnover', 'H1-2023 Turnover', '2nd quarter', 'automotive sector', 'proximity service', 'Louise-Marie Thabard', 'SOGECLAIR Communication', 'rail sectors', 'H1 2023 turnover', 'H1 2022 turnover', 'France', 'July', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'perimeter', 'safer', 'June', 'defense', 'industrial', 'period', 'Impact', 'Evolution', 'Europe', 'America', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Rest', 'world', 'Differences', 'rounding', 'decline', 'International', 'manufacturers', 'development', 'products', 'processes', 'Bombardier', 'internalization', 'contracts', 'space', 'upturn', 'auditing', 'consulting', 'optimization', 'technologies', 'Perspectives', 'place', 'markets', 'ability', 'continents', 'results', 'September', 'closing', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'vehicle', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'end', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Attachment', '35']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOGECLAIR-S-A-5081/news/Sogeclair-Consolidated-turnover-for-the-1st-half-2023-7-4-at-72-6M-At-constants-exchange-rate-44370455/,Sogeclair: Consolidated turnover for the 1st half 2023: +7 4% at 72.6M / At constants exchange rate and perimeter*: +7.0%,(marketscreener.com) SOGECLAIR awarded Diamond Supplier label for Bombardier for 3rd year running - and the re-internalization of contracts in the space and rail sectors. The Solutions Business Unit - equipment manufacturer activity - continues its strong gro…,Blagnac  France  July 19th 2023-5.35 pm Montreal  CanadaConsolidated turnover for the 1st half 2023:+7 4% at €72.6MAt constants exchange rate and perimeter*: +7.0%SOGECLAIR  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility announces today its turnover for the 1st half 2023  ending on June 30  2023.Despite an unfavorable base effect (+14.3% in the 1st half of 2022)  the 1st half of 2023 closed with sustained growth of 7.4% (7% at constants exchange rate and perimeter). Growth was driven by the commercial aviation (+17.4%)  defense  rail and business aviation sectors (each between +8.2% and +8.7%)  while the automotive (-6.3%) and industrial (-36.1%) sectors suffered.In the 2nd quarter  turnover rose by 6.7%.* The change variations over the period represent €0.3M against € 1.5M in 2022.By geographical areaH1 2023 turnover(€M)H1 2022 turnover(€M)Impact on 2023 turnover(as %) Evolution(as %) France 32.6 36.5 44.9%-10.8% Europe 17.0 13.1 23.4% +29.6% America18.113.024.9%+38.8% Asia-Pacific 3.6 4.6 5.0% -20.5% Rest of the world 1.3 0.3 1.8% +305.0%Differences are due to rounding.Europe and America are the fastest-growing regions  while France and Asia-Pacific are in decline after the strong increases of 2022 (+17.9% and +43% respectively).By Business Unit Turnover (€M)H1-2023 Turnover (€M)H1-2022 Variation(as %)EngineeringAt constants exchange rate and perimeter 37.337.2 36.235.3 +3.1%+2.8%SolutionsAt constants exchange rate and perimeter 34.834.6 31.130.0 +11.9%+11.3%Conseil0.5 0.3 NSTotal72.6 67.6 +7.4%International40.0 31.0 +29.0%Differences are due to rounding.The Engineering Business Unit - support activity for manufacturers in the development of their products  processes and product life cycle - (51.4% of turnover) increases by 3.1%  driven by a strong recovery in commercial aviation (+12.3%)  a good performance in business aviation (+3.1%) - SOGECLAIR awarded Diamond Supplier label for Bombardier for 3rd year running - and the re-internalization of contracts in the space and rail sectors.The Solutions Business Unit- equipment manufacturer activity - (47.9% of turnover) continues its strong growth (+11.9%) with a base effect of +15.2% in 2022. The main drivers are commercial aviation (+21.4% - upturn in production rates) and business aviation (+25.8%)  as well as rail (+8.9%) and defense (+8.1%). The automotive sector slowed to -6.3%.The Conseil Business Unit - auditing  consulting and optimization of technologies and processes - (0.7% of turnover – 0.4% over the quarter) in growth by 66.7% after a start-up year in 2022.PerspectivesThe ONE SOGECLAIR plan is in place and markets are dynamic. Potential growth is strong and will depend on our ability to recruit new employees on all continents in a tense market context.Next announcement: results for H1 2023  on September 06th  2023  after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SogeclairSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  Chairman of Board of SOGECLAIR / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Executive Officer of SOGECLAIR / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.14,0.66,True,English,"['constants exchange rate', 'Consolidated turnover', '1st half', 'Sogeclair', '6M', 'perimeter', 'The Solutions Business Unit- equipment manufacturer activity', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'The Conseil Business Unit', 'The Engineering Business Unit', 'high added value', 'constants exchange rate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Business Unit Turnover', 'tense market context', 'unfavorable base effect', 'product life cycle', 'Diamond Supplier label', 'business aviation sectors', 'ONE SOGECLAIR plan', 'innovative solutions', 'support activity', 'Euronext Paris', 'Stock Market', 'high-quality engineering', 'commercial aviation', '1st half', 'less-consuming mobility', 'change variations', 'geographical area', 'growing regions', 'strong increases', 'H1-2022 Variation', 'NS Total', 'strong recovery', 'good performance', '3rd year', 'main drivers', 'start-up year', 'new employees', 'Next announcement', 'efficient mobility', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'Press contact', 'production rates', 'production chain', 'sustained growth', 'strong growth', 'Potential growth', 'Consolidated turnover', 'H1-2023 Turnover', '2nd quarter', 'automotive sector', 'proximity service', 'Louise-Marie Thabard', 'SOGECLAIR Communication', 'rail sectors', 'H1 2023 turnover', 'H1 2022 turnover', 'Blagnac', 'France', 'July', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'perimeter', 'safer', 'June', 'defense', 'industrial', 'period', 'Impact', 'Evolution', 'Europe', 'America', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Rest', 'world', 'Differences', 'rounding', 'decline', 'International', 'manufacturers', 'development', 'products', 'processes', 'Bombardier', 'internalization', 'contracts', 'space', 'upturn', 'auditing', 'consulting', 'optimization', 'technologies', 'Perspectives', 'place', 'markets', 'ability', 'continents', 'results', 'September', 'closing', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'vehicle', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'end', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Attachment', '35', '€']",2023-07-04,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Lleida-net-Demonstrates-Steady-Growth-in-Second-Quarter-of-2-44363436/,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Lleida.net Demonstrates Steady Growth in Second Quarter of 2023 Driven by its Patented Technology,(marketscreener.com)   Lleida.net Demonstrates Steady Growth in Second Quarter of 2023 Driven by its Patented Technology      19 Jul 2023 07:04 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   LLEIDA.NET      Madrid  July 19.-...https://www.marketscre…,Lleida.net Demonstrates Steady Growth in Second Quarter of 2023 Driven by its Patented TechnologyMadrid  July 19.- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF)disclosed today its trading update for the second quarter of 2023  showcasing continued growth in the usage of its cutting-edge patented technology.The company has witnessed significant advancements in various services  with active circuits for Click&Sign  SMS circuits  and Lleida.net PKI (formerly known as Indenova) timestamping all experiencing a surge in both unique users and the volume of transmissions.Active circuits for contract signings through API continue to show upward progression  with a 28.92% increase in June 2023 compared to June 2022. That growth is predominantly driven by telecommunications contracts  as well as real estate credit agreements in Europe  a rise in prepaid card usage in Spain  and consumer financing in Latin America. The introduction of new features  such as electronic signatures  has significantly contributed to the rise in active circuits. However  it is important to note that registered email production experienced a downfall due to the service suspension by 4-72  the Colombian postal company  owing to non-payment.Over the last six months  two major milestones were achieved: the production of the 100 millionth certified email and the acquisition of the 300th patent. Lleida.net remains committed to strengthening its leadership position in the European market while providing unwavering support to its shareholders  who have been with the company since its initial public offering in 2015. Certified SMS traffic during 2Q2023 exhibited a slight growth compared to the traffic generated in 2Q2022. This growth is primarily attributed to the utilization of certified SMS in insurance and utility companies' claims processes in Europe  as well as for debtor notifications in banking and financial defaults by utilities  along with notifications from governmental agencies. The timestamping service has been increasingly used for document finalization and to ensure the date and time authenticity of specific documents. From 2Q2020 to 2Q2023  the time-stamping service has seen a substantial increase of 42.7%  with expanded diversification across various countries. Currently  Lleida.net provides this service for Eidas (Europe)  the Dominican Republic  Peru  and Colombia. Lleida.net was founded in 1995 and went public in Madrid in 2015. It subsequently executed a dual listing on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018 and on OTC Markets in New York in 2020. The company has been granted more than 300 patents by more than 60 countries around the world for its technology inventions in the SaaS industry.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Telemàtics S A', 'Lleida.net', 'Steady Growth', 'Second Quarter', 'Patented Technology', 'Lleidanetworks', 'real estate credit agreements', ""utility companies' claims processes"", 'last six months', 'two major milestones', '100 millionth certified email', 'initial public offering', 'prepaid card usage', 'registered email production', 'cutting-edge patented technology', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Spanish listed company', 'Colombian postal company', 'Lleida.net PKI', 'Certified SMS traffic', 'technology inventions', 'Second Quarter', 'trading update', 'significant advancements', 'various services', 'active circuits', 'Click&Sign', 'SMS circuits', 'unique users', 'contract signings', 'upward progression', 'telecommunications contracts', 'consumer financing', 'Latin America', 'new features', 'electronic signatures', '300th patent', 'leadership position', 'European market', 'unwavering support', 'financial defaults', 'document finalization', 'time authenticity', 'specific documents', 'Dominican Republic', 'dual listing', 'OTC Markets', 'New York', 'SaaS industry', 'Steady Growth', 'continued growth', 'slight growth', 'service suspension', 'timestamping service', 'time-stamping service', 'debtor notifications', 'substantial increase', 'various countries', '28.92% increase', '60 countries', 'Madrid', 'BME', 'LLN', 'LLEIF', 'Indenova', 'surge', 'volume', 'transmissions', 'API', 'June', 'rise', 'Spain', 'introduction', 'downfall', 'non', 'payment', 'acquisition', 'shareholders', '2Q2023', '2Q2022', 'utilization', 'insurance', 'banking', 'utilities', 'agencies', '2Q2020', 'diversification', 'Eidas', 'Peru', '300 patents', 'world']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JDE-PEET-S-N-V-107634499/news/JDE-Peet-s-accelerates-its-sustainability-agenda-with-a-breakthrough-paper-pack-for-soluble-coffee-44363692/,JDE Peet's accelerates its sustainability agenda with a breakthrough paper pack for soluble coffee,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Amsterdam  19 July 2023 JDE Peet’s   the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to launch a new paper pack for its soluble coffee ranges. This new paper pack solution  the …,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  19 July 2023JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to launch a new paper pack for its soluble coffee ranges.This new paper pack solution  the first of its kind in the coffee market  will be recyclable. It is designed to create a more sustainable ecosystem in the soluble coffee market by incentivising the reuse of existing glass jars and tin formats. Moreover  the coffee from this new paper pack will generate the lowest carbon footprint within the existing range of JDE Peet’s products.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “This is an important step in driving the sustainability agenda of our company and yet another sign of our leadership in innovation. We know that reducing packaging and promoting recyclability and reusability are increasing consumer needs. By providing more sustainable solutions within soluble coffee  one of the world’s most beloved and consumed beverages  we can maximise our positive contribution in decarbonising our own portfolios and the coffee market as a whole.”JDE Peet’s is working to reduce the amount of packaging material and associated carbon emissions  used in both manufacturing  transport  and end-of-life disposal. This innovative new paper pack directly supports the company’s effort of minimising its carbon footprint across its entire value chain and its goal of moving towards 100% of packaging designed to be reusable  recyclable  or compostable by 2030. In line with this  in 2022  JDE Peet’s set targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to reduce emissions across scopes 1  2 and 3.This new range will be available in selected markets across multiple brands of JDE Peet’s’ portfolio as of 2024.EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 391 77 280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 20 55 81212IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachments,neutral,0.14,0.86,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['breakthrough paper pack', 'JDE Peet', 'sustainability agenda', 'coffee', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'new paper pack solution', 'innovative new paper pack', 'entire value chain', 'existing glass jars', 'lowest carbon footprint', 'associated carbon emissions', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'new range', 'existing range', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'sustainable ecosystem', 'tin formats', 'Fabien Simon', 'important step', 'sustainability agenda', 'consumer needs', 'sustainable solutions', 'consumed beverages', 'positive contribution', 'life disposal', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'coffee ranges', 'coffee market', 'multiple brands', 'Enquiries Media', 'packaging material', 'tea company', '50 brands', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'intention', 'kind', 'reuse', 'products', 'CEO', 'sign', 'leadership', 'innovation', 'recyclability', 'reusability', 'beloved', 'portfolios', 'amount', 'manufacturing', 'transport', 'effort', 'goal', 'line', 'SBTi', 'scopes', 'markets', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,200 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachments', '19', '2024']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Experts-Share-Insights-on-the-Dangers-of-Predatory-Lending-Practices-44369013/,Wolters Kluwer Experts Share Insights on the Dangers of Predatory Lending Practices,(marketscreener.com) Safely accessing credit is critical for many small businesseshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Experts-Share-Insights-on-the-Dangers-of-Predatory-Lending-Practices-44369013/?utm_medium=R…,Safely accessing credit is critical for many small businessesBusiness owners should be aware of factors that can lead to predatory practices and how those risks can be mitigated to help ensure fair lending practices. Jason Keller and Emily Redig of Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions recently shared their insights on how business owners can avoid unscrupulous actors that provide short-term borrowing solutions with unreasonable terms. The insights are detailed in a feature article  “Avoiding the Pitfalls of Predatory Lending in a High-Rate Environment ” published in Corporate Compliance Insights.Tapping their fair lending expertise  Keller and Redig focus on small businesses that may be challenged in accessing credit not only by the current environment of higher inflation and interest rates  but also by the potential for being taken advantage of by predatory lenders.“In periods of inflation and potentially stressed economic times  lenders must be mindful of fair lending laws and regulations that are  in part  intended to prevent predatory lending ” they write. “In adhering to those laws and regulations  banks and credit unions must remain diligent in their underwriting and pricing practices to ensure dollars are lent fairly and equitably  with the borrower’s best interest in mind.”Keller and Redig offer suggestions for business owners to help manage these challenges and to do business with regulated lenders to help avert problems. “Vigilance remains the watchword  both for lenders as well as small-business borrowers with whom they collaborate ” they note.Founded in 2010  Corporate Compliance Insights is an independent news organization geared towards a global audience of compliance  risk and information security professionals.Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions is a market leader and trusted provider of risk management and regulatory compliance solutions and services to U.S. banks  credit unions  insurers and securities firms. The business  which sits within Wolters Kluwer’s Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division  helps these financial institutions efficiently manage risk and regulatory compliance obligations  and gain the insights needed to focus on better serving their customers and growing their business.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230719955833/en/,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,mixed,0.19,0.12,0.69,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Experts', 'Predatory Lending Practices', 'Insights', 'Dangers', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'short-term borrowing solutions', 'independent news organization', 'deep domain knowledge', 'fair lending expertise', 'many small businesses', 'U.S. banks', 'fair lending practices', 'fair lending laws', 'regulatory compliance solutions', 'Corporate Compliance Insights', 'information security professionals', 'expert solutions', 'compliance obligations', 'Predatory Lending', 'corporate performance', 'predatory practices', 'pricing practices', 'unscrupulous actors', 'unreasonable terms', 'feature article', 'High-Rate Environment', 'current environment', 'interest rates', 'economic times', 'best interest', 'small-business borrowers', 'global audience', 'market leader', 'trusted provider', 'securities firms', 'FCC) division', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Business owners', 'higher inflation', 'predatory lenders', 'credit unions', 'regulated lenders', 'Jason Keller', 'Emily Redig', 'risk management', 'financial institutions', 'factors', 'risks', 'Pitfalls', 'potential', 'advantage', 'periods', 'stressed', 'regulations', 'part', 'underwriting', 'dollars', 'mind', 'suggestions', 'challenges', 'problems', 'Vigilance', 'watchword', 'services', 'insurers', 'customers', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROLOG-CANOLA-SOCIMI-S-125743356/news/Eurolog-Canola-SOCIMI-U-Press-Release-Illescas-FPA-IV-Coally-Investments-19-07-2023-44368538/,Eurolog Canola SOCIMI U : Press Release Illescas FPA IV Coally Investments 19.07.2023,(marketscreener.com)   EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI  S.A.   Calle Nanclares de Oca 1 - B  28022 Madrid https://www.eurologcanola.com/   Madrid  19 July 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council …,"EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI  S.A.Calle Nanclares de Oca 1 - B  28022 Madrid (Spain) https://www.eurologcanola.com/Madrid  19 July 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  and repealing Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC  and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI S.A. (the ""Company"") hereby notifies the followingPRESS RELEASEThe company Coally Investments  S.L.U.  (""Coally"")  wholly owned by EuroLog Canola SOCIMI  S.A.U.  is a Spanish liability company incorporated on November 27  2020.A. As previously announced in the press releases issued on 23 December 2021  on 18 July 2022 and on 13 February 2023  respectively:On April 8  2021  Coally entered into a forward purchase agreement (""FPA"") with Murillo Illescas Desarrollos y Promociones Logísticas  S.L. (the ""Seller"") to forward purchase of 2 new logistics platforms in Illescas (Toledo province). The FPA was subsequently amended as set out in (i) FPA Addendum entered into on December 22  2021; (ii) FPA Addendum II entered into on May 13  2022 (iii) and FPA Addendum III entered into on February 2  2023 (further details can be found in the press release issued on 23 December 2021  on 18 July 2022 and on 13 February 2023  respectively).B. Further material amendments to the FPA have been agreed after the submission of the press release issued on 13 February 2023; which are summarized as follows:Coally and Murillo Cárcavas  S.L. (current seller under the FPA taking into consideration that on December 21  2022 Murillo Illescas Desarrollos y Promociones Logísticas  S.L. transferred the property where the logistics platforms are to be built in favor of Murillo Cárcavas  S.L. and consequently Murillo Cárcavas subrogated on seller's position under the FPA) entered into a fourth addendum to the FPA (the ""FPA Addendum IV"") by virtue of which amongst others  the Parties (i) amend the construction project; and  consequently  (ii) amend the purchase price of the logistics platforms; as follows:Amendment of the construction project : the Parties agree to amend the construction project with the aim of providing access 1 with a truck waiting area 1",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Illescas FPA IV Coally Investments', 'Eurolog Canola SOCIMI U', 'Press Release', 'EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI S.A.', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Promociones Logísticas', 'Murillo Cárcavas', 'truck waiting area', 'S.A.U.', 'Murillo Illescas Desarrollos', 'S.L.U.', 'forward purchase agreement', 'Further material amendments', '2 new logistics platforms', 'Spanish liability company', 'FPA Addendum II', 'FPA Addendum IV', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'fourth addendum', 'Calle Nanclares', 'European Parliament', 'Commission Directives', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Toledo province', 'construction project', 'purchase price', 'The FPA', 'current seller', 'Coally Investments', 'Oca', '28022 Madrid', 'Spain', '19 July', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'November', '23 December', '18 July', '13 February', 'May', 'details', 'B.', 'submission', 'consideration', 'property', 'favor', 'position', 'virtue', 'others', 'Parties', 'aim', 'access']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICADE-5021/news/Appointment-Anne-Violette-FAUGERAS-named-Icade-s-Head-of-Financing-and-Investor-Relations-44370995/,Appointment: Anne-Violette FAUGERAS named Icade's Head of Financing and Investor Relations,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Paris  July 19  2023  5:45 p.m.   APPOINTMENT: ANNE-VIOLETTE FAUGERAS NAMED   ICADE'S HEAD OF FINANCING AND INVESTOR RELATIONS   Anne-Violette Faugeras  presently Head of Financing and Treasury  will be res…,"PRESS RELEASEParis  July 19  2023  5:45 p.m.APPOINTMENT: ANNE-VIOLETTE FAUGERAS NAMEDICADE'S HEAD OF FINANCING AND INVESTOR RELATIONSAnne-Violette Faugeras  presently Head of Financing and Treasury  will be responsible for Icade's financial communication and investor relations  in addition to her current duties  effective from July 19  2023.Alongside the Financial Communication team  she will be tasked with managing relationships with analysts and equity and credit investors as well as preparing key information about the Group's financial performance. She will work under Victoire Aubry  an Executive Committee member in charge of Finance.Anne-Violette Faugeras is a graduate of ESCP Business School. She began her career in 2007 at Société Générale in the Inspection Department before arranging debt and equity capital market transactions for companies  particularly those in the real estate sector  from 2014 to 2021.She joined Icade in March 2021 as Head of Financing and since September 2021 has been Head of Financing and Treasury as well as a Coordination Committee member.Anne-Sophie Lanaute  the Group's current Head of Financial Communication and Investor Relations  will leave her post at the end of July 2023 to pursue her career outside the Group.ABOUT ICADEDESIRABLE PLACES TO LIVEAs an office property investment company (portfolio worth €8.2bn on a full consolidation basis as of December 31  2022) and a developer of homes  offices and public amenities (2022 economic revenue of €1.3bn)  Icade designs  builds  manages and invests in cities  neighbourhoods and buildings that are innovative  diverse  inclusive and connected  with a reduced carbon footprint. Desirable places to live and work. In collaboration with its stakeholders  Icade has made low carbon a strategic priority in order to reinvent real estate and create cities that are healthier  happier and more hospitable. Icade is a key player in Greater Paris and major French cities. It is listed as a ""SIIC"" on Euronext Paris and its leading shareholder is the Caisse des Dépôts group.The text of this press release is available on the Icade website: www.icade.fr/en",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Anne-Violette FAUGERAS', 'Investor Relations', 'Appointment', 'Icade', 'Head', 'Financing', 'Caisse des Dépôts group', 'Société Générale', 'office property investment company', 'equity capital market transactions', 'Executive Committee member', 'ESCP Business School', 'Coordination Committee member', 'full consolidation basis', 'reduced carbon footprint', 'real estate sector', 'ANNE-VIOLETTE FAUGERAS NAMED', 'major French cities', 'Financial Communication team', 'low carbon', 'financial performance', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'current duties', 'credit investors', 'key information', 'Victoire Aubry', 'Inspection Department', 'Anne-Sophie Lanaute', 'DESIRABLE PLACES', 'public amenities', '22 economic revenue', 'key player', 'leading shareholder', 'Greater Paris', 'Euronext Paris', 'current Head', 'Icade website', 'July', 'APPOINTMENT', 'FINANCING', 'Treasury', 'addition', 'relationships', 'analysts', 'charge', 'Finance', 'graduate', 'career', 'debt', 'companies', 'March', 'September', 'post', 'end', 'LIVE', 'portfolio', 'December', 'developer', 'homes', 'offices', 'neighbourhoods', 'buildings', 'collaboration', 'stakeholders', 'order', 'SIIC', 'text', '5:45']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707519/0/en/NEXTENSA-NV-SA-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,NEXTENSA NV/SA: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,PRESS RELEASE  REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  19 July 2023 – 5.40 PM      Nextensa NV/SA : Information on the total number of voting rights and shares  ...,English Dutch FrenchPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  19 July 2023 – 5.40 PMNextensa NV/SA : Information on the total number of voting rights and sharesIn accordance with article 15 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nextensa (the “Company”) publishes the following information as the double voting right has been granted to several shares in the Company (in accordance with article 28 of the articles of association).Situation as at 19 July 2023 :Total share capital: EUR 109 997 148.34Total number of securities carrying voting rights: 10 002 102Number of securities with double voting rights: 5 873 277(1)Total number of voting rights (= denominator) : 15 875 379On the basis of this information  the shareholders of the Company can verify whether they are above or below one of the thresholds of 3% (threshold set by the articles of association)  5%  10%  and so on (in multiples of five) of the total voting rights  and whether there is therefore an obligation to notify the company that they have exceeded this threshold.(1) 204 of these 5 873 277 shares giving the right to double voting rights in principle are held by a subsidiary of the Company. The voting rights attached to these 204 shares have therefore been suspendedFor more informationMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Rue Picard 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAbout NextensaNextensa NV is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer. The company's investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/03/2023 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €442.1 million (value 30/06/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.45,0.55,True,English,"['NEXTENSA NV/SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'English Dutch French', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major urban extension', 'large urban developments', 'Total share capital', 'double voting rights', 'total voting rights', 'investment portfolio', 'large shareholdings', 'total number', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Gare Maritime', 'Rue Picard', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'residential buildings', 'market capitalization', 'total value', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'Nextensa NV/SA', 'several shares', 'Euronext Brussels', '5,873,277 shares', '204 shares', '1000 Brussels', '19 July', 'accordance', 'article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Company', 'association', 'Situation', 'securities', 'denominator', 'basis', 'shareholders', 'thresholds', 'multiples', 'obligation', 'principle', 'subsidiary', 'relations', 'developer', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/03', 'Tour', 'Taxis', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-amsterdam-invest-nv-intents-to-acquire-prime-long-income-office-investment-in-edinburgh-uk-301880300.html,New Amsterdam Invest N.V. intents to acquire prime long income office investment in Edinburgh  UK,"AMSTERDAM  July 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- New Amsterdam Invest N.V. (the ""Company""  or ""New Amsterdam Invest""  or ""NAI"")  a commercial real estate company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces the intended acquisition of Forthstone  South Gyle Business Park …","AMSTERDAM  July 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- New Amsterdam Invest N.V. (the ""Company""  or ""New Amsterdam Invest""  or ""NAI"")  a commercial real estate company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces the intended acquisition of Forthstone  South Gyle Business Park  Edinburgh ("" Forthstone"") in the UK.The UK-holding of New Amsterdam Invest  Somerset Park Holding UK Ltd. has signed a provisional purchase contract for Forthstone  a unique commercial property with a long term lease agreement located in Edinburgh UK. With the purchase NAI will add a fifth property to its UK activities fully aligned with its business objectives and strategy.The formal owner of the property will be a newly incorporated operating company; Forthstone Land and Property Ltd  a 100% indirect subsidiary of NAI. The total consideration for Forthstone including transaction costs  will amount to approximately GBP 9.5 million  of which approximately 50% in equity (available in cash) and 50% in debt (LTV loan). The interest rate on the loan will be around 7%  or approximately GBP 308k per annum. The closing is expected by 29 August 2023.Aren van Dam  CEO of New Amsterdam Invest commented: ""Less than two months ago we received the trust of our shareholders in their unanimous support for our vision and business combination with Somerset Park. The acquisition of Forthstone shows we are delivering on that vision. We are growing our portfolio  realizing opportunities we see in the current market for operating high quality commercial real estate with sound returns for our shareholders.""Forthstone Property CharacteristicsThe Forthstone  property is let in its entirety to Motability Operations Ltd on a full Repairing and Insuring Lease started 23 August 2019 until 7 January 2037. The property has been fully refurbished to exceptional standard and provides modern  Grade A open plan office accommodation divided over three floors. The total passing rent for the 35 370 square feet (3 286 square meter) property is GBP 734 150 per annum which equates to GBP 21.00 per square feet on the office space and GBP 10.50 per square feet on the reception. The lease benefits from OMRV rent reviews.The rental income  as a percentage of the asset value (including transaction costs) is 7 7%. The interest rate on the loan will be around 7%  or approximately GBP 308k per annum.About New Amsterdam InvestNew Amsterdam Invest N.V. is a commercial real estate company listed at Euronext Amsterdam with operating companies in the United States and the United Kingdom.The main objective of New Amsterdam Invest is running commercial activities including the owning  (re-)developing  acquiring  divesting  maintaining  letting out and/or otherwise operating commercial real estate  all in the broadest possible meaning.The management board of New Amsterdam Invest N.V. consists of Aren van Dam (member and CEO)  Moshe van Dam (member and COO)  Elisha Evers (member and CSO) and Cor Verkade (member responsible for investor relations).All information about New Amsterdam Invest  including its principles and objectives can be found in the Shareholder Circular dated April 21  2023  and the prospectus dated June 21  2021. This and all other relevant documentation can be found on the company website: www.newamsterdaminvest.nl.DisclaimerElements of this press release contain or may contain information about New Amsterdam Invest N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release may include statements  including NAI's financial and operational medium-term objectives that are  or may be deemed to be  ''forward-looking statements''. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ''believes''  ''estimates''  ''plans''  ''projects''  ''anticipates''  ''expects''  ''intends''  ''may''  ''will'' or ''should'' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect NAI's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to NAI's business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth or strategies. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made.SOURCE New Amsterdam Invest N.V.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.26,0.43,True,English,"['New Amsterdam Invest N.V.', 'prime long income office investment', 'Edinburgh', 'UK', 'modern, Grade A open plan office accommodation', 'SOURCE New Amsterdam Invest N.V.', 'high quality commercial real estate', 'Somerset Park Holding UK Ltd', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'long term lease agreement', 'commercial real estate company', 'South Gyle Business Park', 'Aren van Dam', 'OMRV rent reviews', 'Moshe van Dam', 'unique commercial property', 'total passing rent', 'Motability Operations Ltd', 'other relevant documentation', 'provisional purchase contract', 'broadest possible meaning', 'operational medium-term objectives', '286 square meter) property', 'Forthstone Property Characteristics', 'office space', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'commercial activities', 'Property Ltd', 'current market', 'operating company', 'company website', 'UK activities', 'total consideration', 'Insuring Lease', 'other variations', 'business combination', '35,370 square feet', 'Edinburgh UK', 'fifth property', 'business objectives', 'formal owner', '100% indirect subsidiary', 'transaction costs', 'interest rate', 'unanimous support', 'sound returns', 'full Repairing', 'exceptional standard', 'three floors', 'rental income', 'asset value', 'operating companies', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'main objective', 'management board', 'Elisha Evers', 'Cor Verkade', 'investor relations', 'Shareholder Circular', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'current view', 'other risks', 'looking statements', 'intended acquisition', 'Forthstone Land', 'The Forthstone', 'actual results', 'financial position', 'LTV loan', 'July', 'NAI', 'UK-holding', 'strategy', 'equity', 'cash', 'debt', 'annum', 'closing', '29 August', 'CEO', 'trust', 'shareholders', 'portfolio', 'opportunities', 'entirety', '7 January', 'GBP', 'reception', 'percentage', 'member', 'COO', 'CSO', 'information', 'principles', 'April', 'prospectus', 'June', 'Disclaimer', 'Elements', 'Article', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'date']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,prnewswire.com
27969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVOLIS-32740/news/Evolis-Press-release-ndash-Information-July-2023-44365053/,Evolis : Press release – Information July 2023,"(marketscreener.com)   Angers  19 July 2023   Evolis shareholders intends to sell Evolis to HID Group  a subsidiary of Assa Abloy   ""This operation is a tremendous development   opportunity for our 2 groups""   Emmanuel Picot   The co-founders…","Angers  19 July 2023 Evolis shareholders intends to sell Evolis to HID Group  a subsidiary of Assa Abloy ""This operation is a tremendous development opportunity for our 2 groups"" Emmanuel Picot The co-founders and the Board of Directors of Evolis are pleased to inform you that the shareholders of Cedys & Co  which holds approximately 84.43% of the share capital and voting rights of Evolis (i.e. 4 407 707 shares)  have entered into exclusive negotiations with HID Global (""HID"")  a subsidiary of the Swedish group Assa Abloy  for the sale of their stake in Cedys & Co. At the same time  HID and Crédit Mutuel Equity  which holds around 14% of Evolis shares (i.e. 732 632 shares held by Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR and 10 shares held by Crédit Mutuel Innovation)  have entered into a share sale agreement for the Evolis shares held by the Crédit Mutuel Equity  conditional on the completion of the acquisition of Cedys Co. The transaction would be followed by a mandatory tender offer to enable HID to acquire the entire share capital and voting rights of Evolis. This transaction would strengthen two leaders in their fields  and allows HID to reinforce its product and solution offering  and extend its geographical coverage and ability to meet the needs of many additional markets. Emmanuel Picot  CEO of Evolis  comments: ""Since our creation  we have never stopped innovating and developing solutions for decentralized personalization of credit card format cards. This transaction with HID would give us access to new development opportunities  with greater added value for our customers by combining our expertise and know-how. It's a major step forward for Evolis  and we are eager and enthusiastic to join the HID family."" Björn Lidefelt  President and CEO of HID adds: ""I look forward to welcoming Evolis to the HID family. Joining forces with a strong industrial player like Evolis would enable us to better meet our customers' needs and offer us complementary growth opportunities in terms of products  geographical presence and markets."" Headquartered in Austin  Texas  HID is a global group employing more than 4 500 people worldwide  with international offices in over 100 countries. HID is part of the Swedish group Assa Abloy  world leader in access solutions. HID designs  develops and markets identification systems and applications for goods  people  places and objects. Its innovative identification solutions enable fluid access in all physical locations  connecting objects that can be digitally identified  verified  and tracked. Millions of people around the world use HID products and services in their daily lives  and billions of objects are connected thanks to its technologies. HID works with governments  educational institutions  hospitals  financial institutions  industrial companies  and some of the world's most innovative corporations.Evolis would be integrated into HID's ""Secure Issuance Business"" division  headed by Craig Sandness  Senior Vice President and Director of Secure Issuance and Citizen Identification Solutions. Craig Sandness comments: ""Integrating Evolis into our Secure Issuance Business is in line with our desire to develop our expertise in the decentralized card personalization market. Thanks to Evolis' knowledge of the market and the strong complementarity of our products  we look forward to enriching our offer to meet the needs of a growing number of customers in all business sectors and geographical areas"". Terms of the proposed transaction The purchase price for 100% of the shares and voting rights in the Evolis group would amount to 228.4 million euros  or 43.75 euros per share. This purchase price would represent a premium of around 39% over Evolis' volume-weighted average share price on Euronext Growth Paris over the last month of trading  as of July 17  2023. Completion of the transaction is expected to take place at the end of the third quarter of 2023. After completion  HID would own approximately 98.5 percent of the Evolis share capital and voting rights (i.e. 5 140 349 shares) and would shortly thereafter launch a mandatory public tender offer (OPAS-RO)1 for the remaining outstanding shares of Evolis (the ""Offer"") at the same purchase price per Evolis share as for the acquisitions  i.e.  EUR 43.75 per Evolis share  subject to the decision of the Evolis Board of Directors on the terms of the Offer which will be based on a fairness opinion prepared by an independent expert in accordance with applicable regulations. The Offer would be subject to the AMF's clearance decision (French Financial Markets Authority - AMF - Autorité des Marchés Financiers). In the context of the Offer  the board of directors decided on July 18  2023 to appoint Accuracy  represented by Mr. Henri PHILIPPE  as independent expert  in accordance with the provisions of the articles 261-1 and 261-1-1 of the General Rules (Réglement Général) of the AMF  subject to the absence of opposition from the AMF under the applicable regulatory conditions. After the closing of the Offer  HID would intend to implement  in accordance with the provisions of the General Rules (Réglement Général) of the AMF  a squeeze-out procedure for the remaining outstanding shares of the Company. The signing of definitive agreements will take place after information and consultation of Evolis' employee representative bodies. The completion of the transaction remains subject to customary conditions precedent  in particular in relation to the French foreign direct investment and the absence of significant adverse change in the situation of Evolis and its subsidiaries. The shareholders of Cedys & Co are advised by BDGS and Natixis Partners in the context of the transaction. 1 OPAS: simplified tender offer according to Art. 233-12 of the RGAMF as HID will own more than 50 percent of the shares and voting rights of Evolis at the time the tender offer is initiated. Evolis - 14 Avenue de la Fontaine - ZI Angers-Beaucouzé 49070 Beaucouzé - France T +33 (0) 241 367 606 - F +33 (0) 241 367 612 - info@evolis.com www.evolis.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Press release', 'Evolis', 'Information', 'Réglement Général', 'Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR', 'Crédit Mutuel Innovation', 'credit card format cards', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Secure Issuance Business"" division', 'mandatory public tender offer', 'decentralized card personalization market', 'tremendous development opportunity', 'new development opportunities', 'greater added value', 'Björn Lidefelt', 'complementary growth opportunities', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Marchés Financiers', 'Mr. Henri PHILIPPE', 'mandatory tender offer', 'applicable regulatory conditions', 'many additional markets', 'entire share capital', 'strong industrial player', 'Senior Vice President', 'Citizen Identification Solutions', 'same purchase price', 'share sale agreement', 'remaining outstanding shares', 'innovative identification solutions', 'Evolis share capital', 'decentralized personalization', 'financial institutions', 'business sectors', 'identification systems', 'same time', 'industrial companies', 'innovative corporations', 'strong complementarity', 'applicable regulations', 'Assa Abloy', 'Emmanuel Picot', 'voting rights', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Swedish group', 'two leaders', 'solution offering', 'geographical coverage', 'major step', 'geographical presence', 'global group', 'international offices', 'physical locations', 'daily lives', 'educational institutions', 'Craig Sandness', 'growing number', 'geographical areas', 'last month', 'third quarter', 'fairness opinion', 'independent expert', 'General Rules', 'access solutions', 'fluid access', '228.4 million euros', 'clearance decision', 'Evolis group', 'HID Group', 'HID Global', 'HID family', 'world leader', 'HID designs', 'Evolis shareholders', 'Evolis shares', 'Evolis Board', 'Cedys Co.', ""customers' needs"", 'HID products', '4,407,707 shares', '732,632 shares', '10 shares', '43.75 euros', '5,140,349 shares', 'Angers', 'subsidiary', 'operation', '2 groups', 'founders', 'Directors', 'stake', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'transaction', 'fields', 'ability', 'CEO', 'creation', 'expertise', 'know-how', 'forces', 'terms', 'Austin', 'Texas', '4,500 people', '100 countries', 'part', 'applications', 'goods', 'places', 'objects', 'Millions', 'services', 'billions', 'technologies', 'governments', 'hospitals', 'line', 'desire', 'knowledge', 'premium', 'trading', 'July', '98.5 percent', 'OPAS-RO', 'accordance', 'AMF', 'context', 'Accuracy', 'provisions', 'articles', 'absence', 'opposition', 'closing']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVOLIS-32740/news/Evolis-Evolis-shareholders-intends-to-sell-Evolis-to-HID-Group-a-subsidiary-of-Assa-Abloy-44370532/,Evolis :  Evolis shareholders intends to sell Evolis to HID Group  a subsidiary of Assa Abloy,"(marketscreener.com)  ""This operation is a tremendous developmentopportunity for our 2 groups""Emmanuel PicotThe co-founders and the Board of Directors of Evolis are pleased to inform you that the shareholders of Cedys & Co  which holds approximately…","""This operation is a tremendous developmentopportunity for our 2 groups""Emmanuel PicotThe co-founders and the Board of Directors of Evolis are pleased to inform you that the shareholders of Cedys & Co  which holds approximately 84.43% of the share capital and voting rights of Evolis (i.e. 4 407 707 shares)  have entered into exclusive negotiations with HID Global (""HID"")  a subsidiary of the Swedish group Assa Abloy  for the sale of their stake in Cedys & Co. At the same time  HID and Crédit Mutuel Equity  which holds around 14% of Evolis shares (i.e. 732 632 shares held by Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR and 10 shares held by Crédit Mutuel Innovation)  have entered into a share sale agreement for the Evolis shares held by the Crédit Mutuel Equity  conditional on the completion of the acquisition of Cedys & Co. The transaction would be followed by a mandatory tender offer to enable HID to acquire the entire share capital and voting rights of Evolis.This transaction would strengthen two leaders in their fields  and allows HID to reinforce its product and solution offering  and extend its geographical coverage and ability to meet the needs of many additional markets.Emmanuel Picot  CEO of Evolis  comments: ""Since our creation  we have never stopped innovating and developing solutions for decentralized personalization of credit card format cards. This transaction with HID would give us access to new development opportunities  with greater added value for our customers by combining our expertise and know-how. It's a major step forward for Evolis  and we are eager and enthusiastic to join the HID family.”Björn Lidefelt  President and CEO of HID adds: ""I look forward to welcoming Evolis to the HID family. Joining forces with a strong industrial player like Evolis would enable us to better meet our customers' needs and offer us complementary growth opportunities in terms of products  geographical presence and markets.""Headquartered in Austin  Texas  HID is a global group employing more than 4 500 people worldwide  with international offices in over 100 countries. HID is part of the Swedish group Assa Abloy  world leader in access solutions.HID designs  develops and markets identification systems and applications for goods  people  places and objects. Its innovative identification solutions enable fluid access in all physical locations  connecting objects that can be digitally identified  verified  and tracked. Millions of people around the world use HID products and services in their daily lives  and billions of objects are connected thanks to its technologies. HID works with governments  educational institutions  hospitals  financial institutions  industrial companies  and some of the world's most innovative corporations.Evolis would be integrated into HID's “Secure Issuance Business” division  headed by Craig Sandness  Senior Vice President and Director of Secure Issuance and Citizen Identification Solutions.Craig Sandness comments: ""Integrating Evolis into our Secure Issuance Business is in line with our desire to develop our expertise in the decentralized card personalization market. Thanks to Evolis' knowledge of the market and the strong complementarity of our products  we look forward to enriching our offer to meet the needs of a growing number of customers in all business sectors and geographical areas"".Terms of the proposed transactionThe purchase price for 100% of the shares and voting rights in the Evolis group would amount to 228.4 million euros  or 43.75 euros per share. This purchase price would represent a premium of around 39% over Evolis' volume-weighted average share price on Euronext Growth Paris over the last month of trading  as of July 17  2023.Completion of the transaction is expected to take place at the end of the third quarter of 2023. After completion  HID would own approximately 98.5 percent of the Evolis share capital and voting rights (i.e. 5 140 349 shares) and would shortly thereafter launch a mandatory public tender offer (OPAS-RO)1 for the remaining outstanding shares of Evolis (the “Offer”) at the same purchase price per Evolis share as for the acquisitions  i.e.  EUR 43.75 per Evolis share  subject to the decision of the Evolis Board of Directors on the terms of the Offer which will be based on a fairness opinion prepared by an independent expert in accordance with applicable regulations. The Offer would be subject to the AMF's clearance decision (French Financial Markets Authority – AMF – Autorité des Marchés Financiers).In the context of the Offer  the board of directors decided on July 18  2023 to appoint Accuracy  represented by Mr. Henri PHILIPPE  as independent expert  in accordance with the provisions of the articles 261-1 and 261-1-1 of the General Rules (Réglement Général) of the AMF  subject to the absence of opposition from the AMF under the applicable regulatory conditions.After the closing of the Offer  HID would intend to implement  in accordance with the provisions of the General Rules (Réglement Général) of the AMF  a squeeze-out procedure for the remaining outstanding shares of the Company.The signing of definitive agreements will take place after information and consultation of Evolis' employee representative bodies. The completion of the transaction remains subject to customary conditions precedent  in particular in relation to the French foreign direct investment and the absence of significant adverse change in the situation of Evolis and its subsidiaries.The shareholders of Cedys & Co are advised by BDGS and Natixis Partners in the context of the transaction.1 OPAS: simplified tender offer according to Art. 233-12 of the RGAMF as HID will own more than 50 percent of the shares and voting rights of Evolis at the time the tender offer is initiated.ABOUT EVOLIS (Euronext Growth: ALTVO)Evolis designs  manufactures  and markets a comprehensive range of solutions for identifying people and goods. With Evolis' printing systems and software  you can personalize the graphic design and encoding of ID cards  regardless of their technology. Our solutions have multiple uses: health cards  driver's licenses  bank cards  employee badges  student cards  price tags  presentation labels  and many more. Today  Evolis is world leader in the decentralized issuance of these cards and badges  standing out from competitors through its personalized solutions. The Group also markets a broad range of card accessories in addition to electronic signature pads  training and service offers.Founded in 2000  Evolis has more than 380 employees based in its head office and production site in Angers (France)  as well as its subsidiaries in: Miami  Boston  Singapore  Shanghai  Bombay  Lisbon  Paris and Lyon. Evolis' solutions are sold in over 140 countries.PRESS CONTACTKarine Perray+33 (0)2 41 36 44 07kperray@evolis.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xWlulMVvkmecnpxxapxlm2iYaW5nxWOYa2nJyGduZ52VnZ6Vl29pb53KZnFilWps- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesâ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81056-cp_evolis_ven_072023.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['HID Group', 'Assa Abloy', 'Evolis shareholders', 'subsidiary', 'Réglement Général', 'Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR', 'Crédit Mutuel Innovation', 'credit card format cards', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Secure Issuance Business” division', 'mandatory public tender offer', 'decentralized card personalization market', 'greater added value', 'Björn Lidefelt', 'complementary growth opportunities', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Marchés Financiers', 'Mr. Henri PHILIPPE', 'mandatory tender offer', 'new development opportunities', 'applicable regulatory conditions', 'many additional markets', 'entire share capital', 'strong industrial player', 'Senior Vice President', 'Citizen Identification Solutions', 'same purchase price', 'share sale agreement', 'innovative identification solutions', 'Evolis share capital', 'remaining outstanding shares', 'decentralized personalization', 'financial institutions', 'business sectors', 'identification systems', 'tremendous development', 'same time', 'industrial companies', 'innovative corporations', 'strong complementarity', 'applicable regulations', 'Emmanuel Picot', 'voting rights', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Swedish group', 'Assa Abloy', 'two leaders', 'solution offering', 'geographical coverage', 'major step', 'geographical presence', 'global group', 'international offices', 'physical locations', 'daily lives', 'educational institutions', 'Craig Sandness', 'growing number', 'geographical areas', 'last month', 'third quarter', 'fairness opinion', 'independent expert', 'General Rules', 'access solutions', 'fluid access', '228.4 million euros', 'clearance decision', 'Evolis group', 'world leader', 'HID Global', 'HID family', 'HID designs', 'Evolis shares', 'Evolis Board', ""customers' needs"", 'HID products', '4,407,707 shares', '732,632 shares', '10 shares', '43.75 euros', '5,140,349 shares', 'operation', 'opportunity', '2 groups', 'founders', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'Cedys', 'subsidiary', 'stake', 'Co.', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'transaction', 'fields', 'ability', 'CEO', 'creation', 'expertise', 'know-how', 'forces', 'terms', 'Austin', 'Texas', '4,500 people', '100 countries', 'part', 'applications', 'goods', 'places', 'objects', 'Millions', 'services', 'billions', 'technologies', 'governments', 'hospitals', 'line', 'desire', 'knowledge', 'proposed', 'premium', 'trading', 'July', '98.5 percent', 'OPAS-RO', 'accordance', 'AMF', 'context', 'Accuracy', 'provisions', 'articles', 'absence', 'opposition', 'closing', 'procedure']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2023/07/sec-faces-deadlines-for-spot-etf-applications-as-pressure-mounts,SEC Faces Deadlines For Spot ETF Applications As Pressure Mounts,The United States Securities and Exchange Commission is under pressure to accept spot Bitcoin ETF applications as deadline looms.They have already accepted BlackRock’s refiled application sparking speculation that approval could be granted.Deadline For Appr…,The United States Securities and Exchange Commission is under pressure to accept spot Bitcoin ETF applications as deadline looms.They have already accepted BlackRock’s refiled application sparking speculation that approval could be granted.Deadline For Approvals On The HorizonThe clock has started ticking for the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to approve or reject BlackRock’s application for a spot Bitcoin exchange traded fund. According to the SEC’s official calendar  BlackRock’s application for a spot Bitcoin ETF will be published in the Federal Register and kickstart a 21-day comment period. The application has been added to the SEC docket as part of the rule change process.The development is a significant milestone for the application being considered by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The world’s largest asset manager had submitted its original application in June. However  the Securities and Exchange Commission knocked back the application  prompting BlackRock to amend it. The updated application included a “surveillance sharing” provision with Coinbase  addressing one of the SEC’s primary concerns with the initial application.More Bitcoin ETFs In The PipelineBlackRock has over $9.4 trillion in assets under management and is known for obtaining ETF approvals. As a result  the asset manager’s initial application for a spot Bitcoin ETF sparked a rush of applications from other firms looking to do the same. If the ETF is approved  BlackRock customers will be able to invest in Bitcoin without having to hold the token. Instead  these assets can be traded on traditional stock markets. The Securities and Exchange Commission has already approved the first Bitcoin Futures ETF.The Securities and Exchange Commission also has to decide on other applications apart from BlackRock’s for a spot Bitcoin ETF. These include Bitwise’s Bitcoin ETP Trust’s application which was included in the Federal Register on Tuesday. The other applications under consideration are WisdomTree Bitcoin Trust  VanEck Bitcoin Strategy ETF  Invesco Galaxy Bitcoin ETF  and Fidelity’s Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust.The Securities and Exchange Commission had published documents for public consultation on Bitcoin ETFs last week. However  the review process officially starts when the filings are included in the Federal Register. The initial deadline for approval or rejection is 45 days but can be extended to 240 days. Additionally  there is no guarantee that the SEC would approve any of the applications filed. However  BlackRock’s application has led to considerable optimism surrounding approval. Other applications have already hit the Federal Register  with the ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF included in the register on the 15th of May. However  the SEC extended the approval deadline in June. Meanwhile  Valkyrie’s application for a spot Bitcoin exchange traded fund has not yet been listed on the Federal Register.Europe’s Spot Bitcoin ETFWhile American regulators are still considering approval  Europe has moved ahead  with its highly anticipated and long-delayed spot Bitcoin exchange traded fund set to debut later this year. The ETF was filed by London-based multi-asset investment platform Jacobi Asset Management and was originally set to debut on the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange in July 2022. However  the launch was delayed indefinitely thanks to unfavorable market conditions caused by the collapse of the Terra ecosystem and the FTX exchange.Disclaimer: This article is provided for informational purposes only. It is not offered or intended to be used as legal  tax  investment  financial  or other advice.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['Spot ETF Applications', 'Pressure Mounts', 'SEC', 'Deadlines', 'spot Bitcoin exchange traded fund', 'Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust', 'London-based multi-asset investment platform', 'first Bitcoin Futures ETF', 'VanEck Bitcoin Strategy ETF', 'Invesco Galaxy Bitcoin ETF', 'ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF', 'The United States Securities', 'Bitcoin ETP Trust', 'WisdomTree Bitcoin Trust', 'spot Bitcoin ETF', '21-day comment period', 'surveillance sharing” provision', 'traditional stock markets', 'unfavorable market conditions', 'More Bitcoin ETFs', 'Euronext Amsterdam Exchange', 'rule change process', 'largest asset manager', 'Bitcoin ETF applications', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'Exchange Commission', 'FTX exchange', 'review process', 'ETF approvals', 'The Securities', 'The Pipeline', 'official calendar', 'significant milestone', 'primary concerns', 'other firms', 'public consultation', 'considerable optimism', 'American regulators', 'Terra ecosystem', 'informational purposes', 'other advice', 'Federal Register', 'other applications', 'initial deadline', 'original application', 'updated application', 'initial application', 'SEC docket', 'BlackRock customers', 'approval deadline', 'pressure', 'speculation', 'Horizon', 'clock', 'part', 'development', 'world', 'June', 'Coinbase', 'assets', 'result', 'token', 'Bitwise', 'Tuesday', 'consideration', 'Fidelity', 'documents', 'filings', 'rejection', '45 days', '240 days', 'guarantee', '15th', 'May', 'Valkyrie', 'Europe', 'July', 'launch', 'collapse', 'Disclaimer', 'article', 'financial']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,cryptodaily.co.uk
27972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706988/0/en/Trading-Update-Lleida-net-Demonstrates-Steady-Growth-in-Second-Quarter-of-2023-Driven-by-its-Patented-Technology.html,Trading Update: Lleida.net Demonstrates Steady Growth in Second Quarter of 2023 Driven by its Patented Technology,MADRID  Spain  July 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) disclosed today its trading update for the second quarter of 2023  showcasing continued growth in the usage of its cutting-edge patented tec…,"MADRID  Spain  July 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) disclosed today its trading update for the second quarter of 2023  showcasing continued growth in the usage of its cutting-edge patented technology.The company has witnessed significant advancements in various services  with active circuits for Click&Sign  SMS circuits  and Lleida.net PKI (formerly known as Indenova) timestamping all experiencing a surge in both unique users and the volume of transmissions.Active circuits for contract signings through API continue to show upward progression  with a 28.92% increase in June 2023 compared to June 2022. That growth is predominantly driven by telecommunications contracts  as well as real estate credit agreements in Europe  a rise in prepaid card usage in Spain  and consumer financing in Latin America. The introduction of new features  such as electronic signatures  has significantly contributed to the rise in active circuits.However  it is important to note that registered email production experienced a downfall due to the service suspension by 4-72  the Colombian postal company  owing to non-payment.Over the last six months  two major milestones were achieved: the production of the 100 millionth certified email and the acquisition of the 300th patent. Lleida.net remains committed to strengthening its leadership position in the European market while providing unwavering support to its shareholders  who have been with the company since its initial public offering in 2015.Certified SMS traffic during 2Q2023 exhibited a slight growth compared to the traffic generated in 2Q2022. This growth is primarily attributed to the utilization of certified SMS in insurance and utility companies' claims processes in Europe  as well as for debtor notifications in banking and financial defaults by utilities  along with notifications from governmental agencies.The timestamping service has been increasingly used for document finalization and to ensure the date and time authenticity of specific documents. From 2Q2020 to 2Q2023  the timestamping service has seen a substantial increase of 42.7%  with expanded diversification across various countries. Currently  Lleida.net provides this service for Eidas (Europe)  the Dominican Republic  Peru  and Colombia.Lleida.net was founded in 1995 and went public in Madrid in 2015. It subsequently executed a dual listing on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018 and on OTC Markets in New York in 2020.The company has been granted more than 300 patents by more than 60 countries around the world for its technology inventions in the SaaS industry.SAFE HARBORThis press release contains statements regarding the future of the Lleida.net company and its innovations. Statements regarding the future may be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""wait""  ""anticipate""  ""pretend""  ""power""  ""plan""  ""potential""  the use of future time and other terms of similar meaning. No undue reliance should be placed on these claims. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements  including uncertainty of the company's commercial success  ability to protect our intellectual property rights  and other risks. These statements are based on current beliefs and forecasts and refer only to the date of this press release. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update its forward-looking statements  regardless of whether new information  future events or any other circumstance arise.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.03,0.72,True,English,"['Trading Update', 'Lleida.net', 'Steady Growth', 'Second Quarter', 'Patented Technology', 'real estate credit agreements', ""utility companies' claims processes"", 'last six months', 'two major milestones', 'initial public offering', 'intellectual property rights', 'cutting-edge patented technology', '100 millionth certified email', 'prepaid card usage', 'registered email production', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Spanish listed company', 'Colombian postal company', 'Lleida.net PKI', 'Lleida.net company', 'Certified SMS traffic', 'technology inventions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'trading update', 'second quarter', 'significant advancements', 'various services', 'active circuits', 'Click&Sign', 'SMS circuits', 'unique users', 'contract signings', 'upward progression', 'telecommunications contracts', 'consumer financing', 'Latin America', 'new features', 'electronic signatures', '300th patent', 'leadership position', 'European market', 'unwavering support', 'financial defaults', 'document finalization', 'time authenticity', 'specific documents', 'Dominican Republic', 'dual listing', 'OTC Markets', 'New York', 'SaaS industry', 'SAFE HARBOR', 'press release', 'other terms', 'similar meaning', 'undue reliance', 'actual results', 'commercial success', 'current beliefs', 'new information', 'other circumstance', 'continued growth', 'slight growth', 'service suspension', 'timestamping service', 'debtor notifications', 'substantial increase', 'various countries', 'future time', 'other risks', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', '28.92% increase', '60 countries', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'BME', 'LLN', 'Indenova', 'surge', 'volume', 'transmissions', 'API', 'June', 'rise', 'introduction', 'downfall', 'non', 'payment', 'acquisition', 'shareholders', '2Q2023', '2Q2022', 'utilization', 'insurance', 'banking', 'utilities', 'agencies', 'diversification', 'Eidas', 'Peru', '300 patents', 'world', 'innovations', 'words', 'power', 'plan', 'uncertainties', 'uncertainty', 'ability', 'forecasts', 'obligation']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-CRITICAL-MATERIALS-N-55482/news/AMG-Schedule-for-Second-Quarter-2023-Earnings-Release-44370581/,AMG Schedule for Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  19 July 2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. will release its second quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  July 26  2023  at approximately 18:00 CEST. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results for …,"Amsterdam  19July2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its second quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  July 26  2023  at approximately 18:00 CEST. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results for the second quarter of 2023 at 9:00 CEST (8:00 BST / 3:00AM EDT) on Thursday  July 27  2023.Please connect approximately 10 minutes prior to the beginning of the call to ensure participation. The call-in information is as follows:Toll-free number: 1-800-225-9448Alternate (toll) number: 1-203-518-9708United Kingdom: 44 0800 048 7798Netherlands: 31 0800 022 9530When prompted for the conference ID  tell the operator AMGQ223 and you will be directed onto the call. The conference call will be available on the website www.amg-nv.com within twenty-four hours following completion of the call.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 6109754979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release', 'AMG Schedule', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'other end use markets', 'other forward looking statements', 'second quarter 2023 financial results', 'energy storage materials', 'related process technologies', 'energy storage solutions', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'customer service offices', 'Alternate (toll) number', 'mineral processing operations', 'tantalum value chains', 'high-purity materials', 'other information', 'financial position', 'Toll-free number', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'United Kingdom', 'conference ID', 'twenty-four hours', 'engineered systems', 'aerospace engines', 'global leaders', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'future events', 'historical information', 'inherent risks', 'conference call', 'production facilities', 'Wednesday', 'July', '18:00 CEST', '9:00 CEST', '3:00AM', 'Thursday', 'beginning', 'participation', 'Netherlands', 'operator', 'website', 'completion', 'mission', 'development', 'lithium', 'vanadium', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'recycling', 'infrastructure', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELENET-GROUP-HOLDING-NV-5991/news/Telenet-Liberty-Global-will-increase-its-ownership-stake-in-Telenet-to-93-23-1-and-will-reopen-its-44372265/,Telenet : Liberty Global will increase its ownership stake in Telenet to 93.23%1 and will reopen its offer on 24 August 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Mechelen  July 19  2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV notes the announcement by Liberty Global plc of the results of the initial acceptance period of the voluntary and conditional public takeover bid by its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary…,"Mechelen  July 19  2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV (""Telenet"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: TNET) notes the announcement by Liberty Global plc (""Liberty Global"") of the results of the initial acceptance period of the voluntary and conditional public takeover bid by its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary  Liberty Global Belgium Holding B.V. (the ""Offeror"") for all the shares of Telenet that it did not already own or that were not held by Telenet (the ""Offer"").During the initial acceptance period  which ended on 12 July 2023  34 676 001 shares of Telenet were tendered into the Offer  as a result of which the Offeror will own a total of 101 018 038 shares once the settlement has occurred on 26 July 2023 (the ""Payment Date""). Taking into account the 3 500 526 treasury shares already held by Telenet  the Offeror will directly or indirectly own 93.23% of the shares of Telenet.Payment of the offer price for the tendered shares (€21.00 per share after deduction of the €1.00 gross dividend approved by Telenet's ordinary general meeting of 26 April 2023 and paid on 5 May 2023) will take place on 26 July 2023.The Offeror waives the condition of owning  together with Telenet  at least 95% of the outstanding shares in Telenet. Since the Offeror  together with Telenet  will own more than 90% of all Telenet shares following the transfer of such shares on the Payment Date  the Offer will be mandatorily reopened at 9:00am CET on Thursday 24 August 2023. This subsequent acceptance period will close on Wednesday 13 September 2023. Shareholders who have not yet accepted the Offer  being the remaining free float of 6.77% post-settlement  will thus be able to accept the Offer in this period which gives investors who missed the initial acceptance period or those seeking additional liquidity the opportunity to still accept the Offer.The results of the subsequent acceptance period will be announced on or around 20 September 2023. Payment of the offer price of the shares tendered during the subsequent acceptance period will be made on or around 27 September 2023.If  following the Offer  Liberty Global  together with Telenet  owns at least 95% of the shares of Telenet and has acquired  by acceptance of the Offer  at least 90% of the shares that are the subject of the Offer  the Offer will be followed by a simplified squeeze-out bid subject to the same financial conditions as the Offer.As a reminder  the prospectus (including the valuation report by Lazard BV/SRL  which has been appointed as independent expert by the independent directors of the Company  in accordance with article 23 of the royal decree of 27 April 2007 on public takeovers)  the response memorandum and the acceptance form are available on the following website: shareholder-offer.be.In accordance with its obligations under Belgian law  the Board of Directors  with the support of its financial and legal advisors  has reviewed the Offer and assessed the terms and conditions thereof. The independent directors appointed Lazard BV/SRL as independent expert in accordance with article 23 of the royal decree of 27 April 2007 on public takeovers. Telenet's Board of Directors unanimously supports and recommends the Offer. The Board of Directors has provided its formal opinion in the response memorandum which is attached to the prospectus as mentioned above.1 This includes the 3.12% shareholding held by Telenet as treasury shares.This document has been released on July 19  2023  at 10.35 PM CETFull press release.pdf 1 MB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.09,0.18,True,English,"['Liberty Global', 'ownership stake', 'Telenet', 'offer', '24 August', 'Liberty Global Belgium Holding B.V.', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', 'conditional public takeover bid', 'Liberty Global plc', 'simplified squeeze-out bid', 'ordinary general meeting', 'remaining free float', 'Full press release', 'initial acceptance period', 'subsequent acceptance period', 'same financial conditions', 'public takeovers', 'acceptance form', 'Euronext Brussels', 'owned subsidiary', '€1.00 gross dividend', '9:00am CET', 'Thursday 24 August', 'additional liquidity', 'Lazard BV/SRL', 'independent expert', 'royal decree', 'response memorandum', 'following website', 'Belgian law', 'legal advisors', 'formal opinion', 'Payment Date', 'independent directors', 'Wednesday 13 September', 'The Board', '3,500,526 treasury shares', 'outstanding shares', 'The Offeror', 'offer price', 'Telenet shares', '20 September', '27 September', '34,676,001 shares', '101,018,038 shares', 'Mechelen', 'Company', 'TNET', 'announcement', 'results', 'voluntary', 'indirect', '12 July', 'total', 'settlement', '26 July', 'account', 'deduction', '26 April', '5 May', 'place', 'transfer', 'Shareholders', 'investors', 'opportunity', 'subject', 'reminder', 'prospectus', 'report', 'accordance', 'article', '27 April', 'obligations', 'support', 'terms', '3.12% shareholding', 'document', '10.35 PM']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/Highco-Q2-2023-Gross-Profit-44370618/,Highco: Q2 2023 Gross Profit,(marketscreener.com) Aix-en-Provence  19 July 2023 HIGHCO: STABLE BUSINESS ACTIVITY IN Q2/H1 2023 ; STABLE ESTIMATED HALF-YEAR EARNINGS Slight business growth in Q2/H1 2023 Q2 2023 gross profit1 of €19.53 m  up 0.1% on a reported basis and LFL2.H1 2023 gross …,Aix-en-Provence  19 July 2023 (6 p.m.)HIGHCO: STABLE BUSINESS ACTIVITY IN Q2/H1 2023 (GP up 0.1%/0.3%); STABLE ESTIMATED HALF-YEAR EARNINGSSlight business growth in Q2/H1 2023Q2 2023 gross profit 1 of €19.53 m  up 0.1% on a reported basis and LFL 2 .of €19.53 m  up 0.1% on a reported basis and LFL . H1 2023 gross profit 1 of €38.43 m  up 0.3% on a reported basis and LFL 2 .of €38.43 m  up 0.3% on a reported basis and LFL . Growth in digital businesses (Q2 up 5.6% LFL; H1 up 3.4% LFL) and decline in offline businesses (Q2 down 10.1% LFL; H1 down 5.5% LFL).Slight business growth in France (Q2 up 0.3% LFL; H1 up 0.6% LFL) and less significant decline in International businesses (Q2 down 1% LFL; H1 down 1.7% LFL).2023 Half-year Earnings: Forecast of stable HPBIT3 and operating margin3Current situation with the retail market in France2023 Guidance reiteratedGross Profit (in € m)1 2023 2022 2023/2022Change Q1 18.90 18.80 +0.5% Q2 19.53 19.51 +0.1% H1 38.43 38.31 +0.3%1 Limited audit by the Statutory Auditors currently in progress.2 Like for like: Based on a comparable scope and at constant exchange rates (i.e. applying the average exchange rate over the period to data from the compared period).3 Headline PBIT: Profit before interest  tax and restructuring costs. Operating margin: Headline PBIT/Gross profit.Didier Chabassieu  Chairman of the Management Board  stated  “HighCo’s start to the year was in line with its expectations  with slight business growth (up 0.3%)  and anticipates steadyprofitability levels.The M&A deals under way in the retail industry in France are compounded with an already turbulent environment due to the sustained inflation in food prices. The current climate is complex for all market players. The Group’s staff are all hard at work to support their customers.”SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH IN Q2/H1 2023 DRIVEN BY DIGITALFollowing the slight growth in Q1 2023 (up 0.5% LFL)  HighCo showed  as anticipated  virtually stable business growth in Q2 2023 with gross profit of €19.53 m (up 0.1% LFL).Digital was up 5.6% driven in Q2 by paperless promotional offers. Meanwhile  offline businesses fell sharply  by 10.1%  over the quarter.As a result  the Group’s businesses showed slight growth of 0.3% in H1 2023  to €38.43 m. With growth of 3.4% over the first half of the year  Digital benefited especially from the strength of SMS and push notification activities (up 24% in volume). The share of digital businesses in the Group’s total gross profit increased from 65.3% in H1 2022 to 67.3% in H1 2023.Group revenue for H1 2023 amounted to €76.4 m.Slight business growth in France and less significant decline in International businessFRANCEGross Profit (in € m) 2023/2022 Change% Total gross profit2023 2022 Q1 16.30 16.14 +1.0% 86.3% Q2 17.10 17.05 +0.3% 87.5% H1 33.40 33.19 +0.6% 86.9%In France  gross profit rose slightly  by 0.3%  to €17.1 m in Q2 2023.Benefiting from a favourable comparative base (Q1 2022 and Q2 2022 up 6.9% and up 1.4%  respectively)  digital businesses grew by 7.4% in Q2 2023. Offline businesses  however (Q1 2022 and Q2 2022 down 9.1% and up 7.2%  respectively)  showed a sharp decline of 13.2% over the quarter.H1 2023 showed slight growth of 0.6%  with France accounting for 86.9% of the Group’s gross profit in the first half of the year. Digital businesses rose by 4.6% in the first half of the year  and their share increased significantly to 68.5% of gross profit. Accounting for more than one-quarter of business in France  Mobile activities remained stable over the first half of the year (down 0.5%)  against a challenging 2022 comparative base (up 19.7% in H1 2022). Offline businesses were down by 7% in France in the first half of the year.INTERNATIONALGross Profit (in € m) 2023/2022 Change% Total gross profit2023 2022 Q1 2.59 2.65 -2.3% 13.7% Q2 2.43 2.46 -1.0% 12.5% H1 5.03 5.11 -1.7% 13.1%The drop in International business in Q2 2023 (down 1%) was less significant than in recent quarters  and gross profit totalled €2.43 m.In Belgium  as anticipated  gross profit fell slightly by 0.8%. After several years of decline  the traditional promotion management business grew over the period.Business in Other countries (Spain and Italy) continues to hold up (down 1.8% against a comparative base of a 56.8% increase in Q2 2022) and accounts for 2% of the Group’s gross profit.In H1 2023  International business fell 1.7% to €5.03 m  accounting for 13.1% of the Group’s gross profit. Down 4.5%  the share of Digital in International businesses represented 59.3% of gross profit.FORECAST OF STABLE 2023 HALF-YEAR EARNINGSBased on the half-year closing in progress  the Group forecasts:Stable headline PBIT 3 (H1 2022: €9.97 m);(H1 2022: €9.97 m); Stable operating margin3 (H1 2022: 26%).The 2023 half-year earnings will be released on Wednesday  13 September after market close. A conference call for financial analysts is scheduled for Thursday  14 September at 11 a.m.CURRENT SITUATION WITH THE RETAIL MARKET IN FRANCEMuch has been happening on the French retail market since the beginning of the year: price war  negotiations with consumer goods manufacturers  changes in consumption and shopping habits  mergers  alliances  financial position  and so forth.HighCo is carefully watching to see how the situation with its long-standing client Casino will play out. So far  the Group has not felt an impact from this situation on its business or on its financial statements for the half-year ended 30 June 2023. HighCo will closely follow this case and any decisions made over the next few weeks  so as to anticipate any potential impacts on the Group in the short and medium term.2023 GUIDANCE REITERATEDBased on its reported business activity in Q2 2023 and its forecast of stable half-year earnings  the Group reiterates its guidance for 2023:Stable gross profit (2022 gross profit: €77.16 m);(2022 gross profit: €77.16 m); Operating margin (headline PBIT/gross profit) of approximately 21% (2022 operating margin: 21%).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has nearly 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile Collina-Hue Nicolas CassarManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventsPublication takes place after market close .2023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023Conference call on half-year earnings: Thursday  14 September 2023 at 11 a.m.Q3 and 9-month YTD 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 2023Q4 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC®Mid&Small (CACMS)  CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims all liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.15,0.36,True,English,"['Gross Profit', 'Highco', 'Q2', 'traditional promotion management business', 'The M&A deals', 'constant exchange rates', 'average exchange rate', 'paperless promotional offers', 'favourable comparative base', 'challenging 2022 comparative base', 'less significant decline', 'STABLE BUSINESS ACTIVITY', 'Headline PBIT/Gross profit', 'total gross profit', 'Slight business growth', 'stable business growth', 'Stable operating margin3', 'Q2 2023 gross profit', 'H1 2023 gross profit', 'Management Board', 'slight growth', 'Stable headline', 'International business', 'stable HPBIT3', 'HALF-YEAR EARNINGS', '1 Limited audit', 'Statutory Auditors', 'comparable scope', 'restructuring costs', 'Didier Chabassieu', 'steadyprofitability levels', 'retail industry', 'turbulent environment', 'sustained inflation', 'food prices', 'current climate', 'first half', 'notification activities', 'sharp decline', 'Mobile activities', 'recent quarters', 'several years', 'Other countries', 'half-year closing', 'conference call', 'financial analysts', 'offline businesses', '3 Headline PBIT', 'The Group', 'Current situation', 'retail market', 'market players', 'digital businesses', 'Group revenue', '11 a', 'Provence', '19 July', 'HIGHCO', 'Q2/H1', 'GP', 'basis', 'LFL', 'France', 'Forecast', '2023 Guidance', 'progress', 'period', 'data', 'interest', 'tax', 'Chairman', 'start', 'expectations', 'way', 'staff', 'work', 'customers', 'Q1', 'result', 'strength', 'SMS', 'push', 'volume', 'share', 'one-quarter', 'drop', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Italy', '56.8% increase', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'Thursday', 'bee', '€', '0.', '7.', '13.', '26']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-announces-European-Commission-decision-on-palovarotene-for-the-treatment-of-FOP-44370971/,Ipsen announces European Commission decision on palovarotene for the treatment of FOP,(marketscreener.com) European Commission determines not to grant marketing authorization approval for palovarotene for fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva Decision follows negative opinion by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use  in MayNo curr…,European Commission determines not to grant marketing authorization approval for palovarotene for fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)Decision follows negative opinion by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use  in MayNo currently approved options available in the E.U. for the treatment of FOP  an ultra-rare condition  that continuously and permanently causes abnormal bone formation  leading to progressive mobility loss and shortened life expectancyIpsen to continue seeking regulatory approvals in other countries and regionsPARIS  FRANCE  19 July 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that the European Commission has followed guidance provided by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) in May this year  and has not granted marketing authorization for palovarotene  an investigational treatment for fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP). Palovarotene is the first treatment to be submitted anywhere in the world for regulatory approval for FOP  an ultra-rare disease with approximately 900 known cases worldwide.“We worked tirelessly to bring a greatly needed treatment option to patients living with FOP in the E.U. ” said Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development for Ipsen. “We believe that our clinical data provide evidence supporting the effect of palovarotene on the reduction of new  abnormal bone formation  known as heterotopic ossification  which characterizes the disease. We are therefore disappointed that the European Commission decided not to approve this treatment for patients with FOP in Europe. We have learned through this experience  and we have been motivated by the support of the FOP community  including those living with the condition and the doctors and healthcare providers managing their care. This has encouraged us as we continue to progress with other regulatory submissions.”Palovarotene was studied in a comprehensive clinical program over 15 years. This included MOVE  the first and largest Phase III clinical trial for FOP  a condition that causes abnormal bone growth. The average age of diagnosis for FOP is five years old and the average life expectancy is 56 years old. FOP is a chronic and progressive condition  where flare-ups occur that can lead to the development of new  abnormal bone formulation  accumulating outside of the skeleton in muscles  joints  and other areas of the body. As a result  most people living with FOP eventually lose the ability to eat and drink on their own. By the age of 30 years old  many will need a wheelchair to get around and full-time care. Life expectancy is shortened  as untimely death can be caused by bone formation around the ribcage  leading to breathing problems and cardiorespiratory failure.“It is devastating to hear that the wait for an innovative treatment for people living with FOP  and their families and caregivers will continue  as this negative decision from the European Commission means that this treatment will not be made available to patients.” said Dr. Genevieve Baujat  Clinical Geneticist Consultant at Necker-Enfants Malades Hospital  Paris  France. “Many of the clinicians that manage patients with this disease in Europe will have participated in the MOVE clinical trial and have seen the potential for palovarotene.”ENDSAbout palovarotenePalovarotene is an investigational oral medicine that selectively targets the retinoic-acid receptor gamma (RARγ)  which is an important regulator of skeletal development and ectopic bone in the retinoid signaling pathway. Palovarotene is designed to mediate the interactions between the receptors  growth factors and proteins within the retinoid signaling pathway to reduce new abnormal bone formation. Palovarotene received Orphan Drug and Breakthrough Therapy Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the potential treatment of FOP and was granted Priority Review. It remains under FDA review  with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date of 16 August 2023. Palovarotene was also granted orphan medicine designation by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Palovarotene is in review processes with a number of regulatory authorities including the FDA and the EMA. Palovarotene is currently authorized for use in appropriate patients only in Canada and provisionally in the U.A.E. where it is marketed as SohonosTM (palovarotene capsules).About the MOVE trialMOVE (NCT03312634) was a Phase III  multicenter  single-arm  open-label trial to assess the efficacy and safety of palovarotene. 107 study participants with FOP received oral palovarotene as a chronic (5mg once daily) and episodic (20mg once daily for 4 weeks  followed by 10mg for ≥8 weeks for flare-ups and trauma) regimen. The primary endpoint was annualized change in new HO volume measured by low-dose whole-body computed tomography. Efficacy data from participants enrolled in MOVE were compared with data from FOP Natural History Study (NHS) participants untreated beyond standard of care; individuals ≤65 years of age with clinically diagnosed FOP and a verified ACVR1R206H pathogenic variant were eligible for inclusion in the NHS.About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 400 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:Ipsen ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAnna GibbinsGlobal Head of Franchise Communications Rare Disease+44 (0)7717 801 900Amy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy & Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.07,0.69,True,English,"['European Commission decision', 'Ipsen', 'palovarotene', 'treatment', 'FOP', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date', 'Phase III, multicenter, single-arm, open-label trial', 'largest Phase III clinical trial', 'new, abnormal bone formulation', 'new, abnormal bone formation', 'new abnormal bone formation', 'FOP Natural History Study', 'new HO volume', 'abnormal bone growth', 'comprehensive clinical program', 'Clinical Geneticist Consultant', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva', 'Executive Vice President', 'Dr. Genevieve Baujat', 'Necker-Enfants Malades Hospital', 'retinoic-acid receptor gamma', 'retinoid signaling pathway', 'Breakthrough Therapy Designations', 'MOVE clinical trial', 'progressive mobility loss', 'U.S. Food', 'orphan medicine designation', 'European Medicines Agency', 'investigational oral medicine', 'U.A.E.', 'other regulatory submissions', 'marketing authorization approval', 'average life expectancy', 'Orphan Drug', 'Drug Administration', 'MOVE trial', 'ectopic bone', 'clinical data', 'E.U.', 'regulatory approval', 'growth factors', 'other countries', 'other areas', '107 study participants', 'regulatory authorities', 'European Commission', 'investigational treatment', 'negative opinion', 'Medicinal Products', '900 known cases', 'Howard Mayer', 'heterotopic ossification', 'healthcare providers', 'progressive condition', 'untimely death', 'breathing problems', 'cardiorespiratory failure', 'important regulator', 'Priority Review', 'review processes', 'primary endpoint', 'annualized change', 'low-dose whole-body', 'average age', 'Human Use', 'treatment option', 'innovative treatment', 'oral palovarotene', 'ultra-rare condition', 'most people', 'negative decision', 'ultra-rare disease', 'full-time care', 'skeletal development', 'FDA review', 'FOP community', 'appropriate patients', 'Efficacy data', 'first treatment', 'potential treatment', 'palovarotene capsules', 'Committee', 'options', 'Ipsen', 'regions', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '19 July', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'guidance', 'CHMP', 'world', 'Head', 'Research', 'evidence', 'effect', 'reduction', 'experience', 'support', 'doctors', '15 years', 'diagnosis', 'chronic', 'flare-ups', 'skeleton', 'muscles', 'joints', 'result', 'ability', 'wheelchair', 'ribcage', 'wait', 'families', 'caregivers', 'clinicians', 'ENDS', 'RARγ', 'interactions', 'receptors', 'proteins', '16 August', 'EMA', 'number', 'Canada', 'SohonosTM', 'safety', '4 weeks', '10mg', '≥8 weeks', 'trauma', 'regimen', 'tomography', 'NHS', 'standard', 'individuals', '65 years']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706976/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Jul 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7779 £ 23.7439 Estimated MTD return 0.01 % 0.08 % Estimated YTD return -3.57 % -2.79 % Estimated ITD return 167.78 % 137.44 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 850.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -22.09 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.5112 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.8030The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-44363509/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Jul 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7779 £ 23.7439 Estimated MTD return 0.01 % 0.08 % Estimated YTD return -3.57 % -2.79 % Estimated ITD return 167.78 % 137.44 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 850.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -22.09 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.5112 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.8030The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Nicox-Provides-Second-Quarter-2023-Financial-and-Business-Highlights-44363501/,Nicox Provides Second Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseNicox Provides Second Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights Net revenue1 of €0.9 million for the second quarter of 2023 Cash position of €19.0 million  with a 12-month cash runway  as of June 30  2023 NCX 470 Denali …,Net revenue1 of €0.9 million for the second quarter of 2023Cash position of €19.0million  with a 12-month cash runway  as of June 30  2023NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 clinical trial ~55% randomizedJuly 19  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today provided financial and business highlights for the second quarter 2023 for Nicox SA and its subsidiaries (the “Nicox Group”).“We are pleased to be able to report the continued progress in recruitment in the Denali Phase 3 trial  which remains on track for results expected in 2025  and also to have been able to announce the over $300 million annualglobal net sales potential for NCX 470  along with the additional Mont Blanc trial sub-group analysis showing superiority over latanoprost in certain patient groups presented byleading ophthalmologists at the World Glaucoma Congress a few weeks ago.” said Andreas Segerros  Chief Executive Officer of Nicox. “In the last few months  wegot the good news that our Chinese partner  Ocumension Therapeutics  received Priority Review Status for the ZERVIATE New Drug Application in China. We look forward to the expected launch of thisin 2024  bringing an additional revenue stream to Nicox. Our development team remains focused on delivering the Denali trial  and we continue to review opportunities to expand our pipeline with additional programs.”Second Quarter 2023 Financial HighlightsNet revenue1 for the second quarter of 2023 was €0.9 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments). This compares to net revenue for the second quarter of 2022 of €0.7 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments).As of June 30  2023  the Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €19.0 million as compared with €21.4 million as of March 31  2023 and €27.7 million as of December 31  2022. The Company estimates it is financed until June 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The Company is evaluating all possible options to extend the company’s cash runway  including through business development and licensing activities and potential additional financing associated with acquiring new pipeline assets.As of June 30  2023  the Nicox Group had financial debt of € 21.6 million  consisting of (i) €18.8 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos Capital signed in January 2019  (ii) a €1.6 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and (iii) €1.2 million of present value attributed to the put option2 granted in the November 2022 equity financing. The payment of this latter debt would only occur if the put option was exercised  subject to the conditions set out in footnote 2 below.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024% U.S. prescriptions3 increased by 26.2% in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. VYZULTA  exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  is commercialized in more than 15 countries  including the U.S.  and is also approved in a number of other countries. VYZULTA is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.Post Q2 2023 EventsAround 55% of the number of patients targeted to be included in NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 clinical trial have been randomized.Laboratorios Grin  Nicox’s exclusive partner for ZERVIATE™ (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24% in Mexico  has provided notice to Nicox of the termination of this agreement  effective July 23  2023. The termination has no financial impact on Nicox. Key Future MilestonesDenali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: The trial is on track with topline results expected in 2025. This date is based on current recruitment rates.Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and potential benefits on the retina : The trial  named Whistler  evaluating NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in IOP lowering is expected to be initiated in the next few months. Planning is continuing for the trial exploring retinal benefits however it is now expected to start in 2024. Each trial is expected to take approximately one year to complete.The trial  named Whistler  evaluating NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in IOP lowering is expected to be initiated in the next few months. Planning is continuing for the trial exploring retinal benefits however it is now expected to start in 2024. Each trial is expected to take approximately one year to complete. Approval and launch of ZERVIATE in China by Ocumension: expected in 2024. Only the December 31  2022 cash figure is audited. All other figures in this press release are non-audited.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.31,0.19,True,English,"['Second Quarter 2023 Financial', 'Business Highlights', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'additional Mont Blanc trial sub-group analysis', '$300 million annualglobal net sales potential', 'NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution', 'ZERVIATE New Drug Application', 'Denali Phase 3 trial', 'cetirizine ophthalmic solution', 'potential additional financing', '€1.6 million credit agreement', 'new pipeline assets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Priority Review Status', 'additional revenue stream', 'November 2022 equity financing', 'Post Q2 2023 Events', 'Key Future Milestones', 'net royalty payments', 'World Glaucoma Congress', 'bond financing agreement', 'international ophthalmology company', '0.024% U.S. prescriptions3', 'current recruitment rates', '12-month cash runway', 'December 31, 2022 cash figure', 'Denali trial', 'additional programs', 'net revenue', 'potential benefits', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'Cash position', 'cash equivalents', 'second quarter', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'business highlights', 'continued progress', 'patient groups', 'Andreas Segerros', 'good news', 'Chinese partner', 'The Company', 'possible options', 'licensing activities', 'Kreos Capital', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'present value', 'put option2', 'latter debt', 'same period', 'intraocular pressure', 'ocular hypertension', 'Laboratorios Grin', 'exclusive partner', 'dual mechanism', 'nitric oxide', 'prostaglandin analog', 'retinal benefits', 'one year', 'other figures', 'Financial Highlights', 'financial debt', 'financial impact', 'IOP lowering', 'development team', 'business development', 'Nicox SA', 'Nicox Group', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'expected launch', 'other countries', 'topline results', 'press release', 'ZERVIATE™', '15 countries', 'June', 'July', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'subsidiaries', 'track', 'superiority', 'ophthalmologists', 'last', 'months', 'China', 'opportunities', 'March', 'form', 'January', 'August', 'context', 'conditions', 'footnote', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'number', 'reduction', 'patients', 'Mexico', 'notice', 'termination', 'date', 'Initiation', 'action', 'Planning', 'Approval', '7:30']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706990/0/en/Nexans-wins-record-breaking-contract-for-the-EuroAsia-Interconnector.html,Nexans wins record-breaking contract for the EuroAsia Interconnector,Nexans wins record-breaking contract for the EuroAsia Interconnector    _PRESS RELEASE_   Nexans is awarded the turnkey contract for the section of the......,English FrenchNexans wins record-breaking contract for the EuroAsia Interconnector_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans is awarded the turnkey contract for the section of the EuroAsia I nterconnector that connects Greece and CyprusThe interconnector will deliver up to 2   000 MW of energy to Europe and will be the largest interconnector project in history  supplying over 3 million homes with electricityThis major contract  v alue d at € 1 . 4 3 billion   set s multiple records including the longest and deepest cables ever laid   each with a length of 900 km that will be supplied and installed by N exans Aurora and Nexans Skagerrak cable laying vessels   and run across the Mediterranean S ea floor at depths of over 3   000 metersThrough a variety of ongoing global projects  Nexans is pushing the boundaries of its strategy and the EuroAsia Interconnector will be a game-changing step in the energy transitionParis  France - July 19  2023 – In a historic first  Nexans  a world leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has been awarded the major contract valued at €1.43 billion for the section of the EuroAsia Interconnector that connects Greece and Cyprus. As a critical part of a broader project to connect the grids of Greece  Israel  and Cyprus  the 525kV high voltage direct current (HVDC) cable will be the longest and deepest interconnector in the world with a bi-pole length of 2x900 km  and will run across the Mediterranean Sea floor at depths of over 3 000 meters. Subsea HVDC Mass Impregnated cables will be manufactured in Nexans’ facilities in Halden (Norway) and Futtsu (Japan) and will be installed by the state-of-the-art cable laying vessels Nexans Aurora and Nexans Skagerrak.The EuroAsia Interconnector will exchange up to 1 000 MW among the three nations with the capability of increasing to 2 000 MW  the equivalent to 3 million households’ average electricity consumption  and will end the energy isolation of Cyprus by creating an energy highway between Europe and Asia. Pole One is expected to be completed in 2028 and Pole Two in 2029.“This record-breaking project demonstrates our capacity to innovate and push the limits of electrical transmission and distribution to meet an ever growing global need. This is a crucial step on the path to a carbon-free economy. Nexans’ global electrification strategy is playing a key role in the world’s journey to a net zero future and we are excited that we have been selected to bring the development of the EuroAsia Interconnector to life”  stated Christopher Guérin  CEO of Nexans.The interconnector has been designated as a Project of Common Interest (PCI) by the European Union which will allow the project to benefit from accelerated planning and permitting  lower administrative costs  and public participation. To qualify as a PCI  a project must also contribute to the European Union’s energy and climate goals  and as a result  much of the electricity being shared will be from renewable and decarbonized sources.IPTO  Transmission System Operator of Greece  has been providing technical and operational capacity to the project ensuring the successful implementation.“We are proud that after 12 years of hard work the world’s longest and deepest subsea HVDC electricity interconnector built by Nexans will put Cyprus on the world energy map  while also ending the energy isolation of Cyprus  the last non-interconnected EU member state  and Israel. The EuroAsia Interconnector Israel-Cyprus-Greece electricity interconnector is a leading European project of common interest PCI 3.10 that ends the energy isolation of Cyprus and Israel  creates security of supply  significantly reduces the CO2 emissions  and serves the “Green Deal” of the European Commission”  said Nasos Ktorides  CEO of EuroAsia Interconnector.The parties expect formal clearance of the Greek and Cypriot energy regulators to intervene in due course.Nexans is pushing the boundaries of its strategy and keeps expanding into new and important markets  as it is the case with Nexans’ recent awards including the 2GW Frame Agreement with TenneT with breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology and the Celtic Interconnector connecting France and Ireland. The Group is leading the way in connecting parts of the world with the highest renewable energy potential to locations with the greatest demand for electricity. From energy generation and transmission to distribution and usage  Nexans’ solutions cover the full electrification value chain to connect the world’s renewable energy sources and ensure electricity can be delivered to all corners of the world securely  reliably and efficiently.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.com Investor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.1,0.28,True,English,"['record-breaking contract', 'EuroAsia Interconnector', 'Nexans', '525kV high voltage direct current (HVDC) cable', 'breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology', 'Subsea HVDC Mass Impregnated cables', '3 million households’ average electricity consumption', 'The EuroAsia Interconnector Israel-Cyprus-Greece electricity interconnector', 'deepest subsea HVDC electricity interconnector', 'Nexans Skagerrak cable laying vessels', 'art cable laying vessels', 'Mediterranean S ea floor', 'full electrification value chain', 'highest renewable energy potential', 'Nexans’ global electrification strategy', 'Mediterranean Sea floor', 'ongoing global projects', 'growing global need', 'Christopher Guérin', 'lower administrative costs', '2GW Frame Agreement', 'EuroAsia I nterconnector', 'N exans Aurora', 'up to 2 , 000 MW', 'up to 1,000 MW', 'Cypriot energy regulators', 'net zero future', 'Transmission System Operator', 'Nexans’ recent awards', 'largest interconnector project', 'renewable energy sources', 'leading European project', 'world energy map', 'common interest PCI', 'cable systems', 'deepest cables', 'deepest interconnector', '3 million homes', 'The Group', 'Celtic Interconnector', 'decarbonized electricity', 'decarbonized sources', 'Nexans Aurora', 'energy transition', 'energy isolation', 'energy highway', 'European Union', 'European Commission', 'energy generation', 'English French', 'record-breaking contract', 'turnkey contract', 'major contract', 'multiple records', 'game-changing step', 'historic first', 'critical part', 'three nations', 'electrical transmission', 'crucial step', 'carbon-free economy', 'key role', 'accelerated planning', 'public participation', 'climate goals', 'successful implementation', 'hard work', 'CO2 emissions', 'Green Deal', 'Nasos Ktorides', 'formal clearance', 'due course', 'important markets', 'greatest demand', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'safe, sustainable', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'Nexans’ facilities', 'Nexans’ solutions', 'broader project', 'record-breaking project', 'bi-pole length', '2x900 km', 'operational capacity', 'world leader', 'new world', '2,000 MW', 'section', 'history', 'longest', 'depths', '3 , 000 meters', 'variety', 'boundaries', 'Paris', 'France', 'July', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'grids', '3,000 meters', 'Halden', 'Norway', 'Futtsu', 'Japan', 'state', 'capability', 'limits', 'distribution', 'path', 'journey', 'development', 'life', 'CEO', 'result', 'IPTO', 'technical', '12 years', 'last', 'security', 'supply', 'parties', 'Greek', 'case', 'TenneT', 'Ireland', 'parts', 'locations', 'usage', 'corners', 'planet', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706973/0/en/Nicox-Provides-Second-Quarter-2023-Financial-and-Business-Highlights.html,Nicox Provides Second Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights,Press ReleaseNicox Provides Second Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights  Net revenue1 of €0.9 million for the second quarter of 2023    Cash......,Net revenue1 of €0.9 million for the second quarter of 2023Cash position of €19.0 million  with a 12-month cash runway  as of June 30  2023NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 clinical trial ~55% randomizedJuly 19  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today provided financial and business highlights for the second quarter 2023 for Nicox SA and its subsidiaries (the “Nicox Group”).“We are pleased to be able to report the continued progress in recruitment in the Denali Phase 3 trial  which remains on track for results expected in 2025  and also to have been able to announce the over $300 million annual global net sales potential for NCX 470  along with the additional Mont Blanc trial sub-group analysis  showing superiority over latanoprost in certain patient groups  presented by leading ophthalmologists at the World Glaucoma Congress a few weeks ago.” said Andreas Segerros  Chief Executive Officer of Nicox. “In the last few months  we got the good news that our Chinese partner  Ocumension Therapeutics  received Priority Review Status for the ZERVIATE New Drug Application in China. We look forward to the expected launch of this in 2024  bringing an additional revenue stream to Nicox. Our development team remains focused on delivering the Denali trial  and we continue to review opportunities to expand our pipeline with additional programs.”Second Quarter 2023 Financial HighlightsNet revenue1 for the second quarter of 2023 was €0.9 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments). This compares to net revenue for the second quarter of 2022 of €0.7 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments).As of June 30  2023  the Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €19.0 million as compared with €21.4 million as of March 31  2023 and €27.7 million as of December 31  2022. The Company estimates it is financed until June 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The Company is evaluating all possible options to extend the company’s cash runway  including through business development and licensing activities and potential additional financing associated with acquiring new pipeline assets.As of June 30  2023  the Nicox Group had financial debt of € 21.6 million  consisting of (i) €18.8 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos Capital signed in January 2019  (ii) a €1.6 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and (iii) €1.2 million of present value attributed to the put option2 granted in the November 2022 equity financing. The payment of this latter debt would only occur if the put option was exercised  subject to the conditions set out in footnote 2 below.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024% U.S. prescriptions3 increased by 26.2% in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. VYZULTA  exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  is commercialized in more than 15 countries  including the U.S.  and is also approved in a number of other countries. VYZULTA is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.Post Q2 2023 EventsAround 55% of the number of patients targeted to be included in NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 clinical trial have been randomized.Laboratorios Grin  Nicox’s exclusive partner for ZERVIATE™ (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24% in Mexico  has provided notice to Nicox of the termination of this agreement  effective July 23  2023. The termination has no financial impact on Nicox. Key Future MilestonesDenali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: The trial is on track with topline results expected in 2025. This date is based on current recruitment rates.Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and potential benefits on the retina : The trial  named Whistler  evaluating NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in IOP lowering is expected to be initiated in the next few months. Planning is continuing for the trial exploring retinal benefits however it is now expected to start in 2024. Each trial is expected to take approximately one year to complete.The trial  named Whistler  evaluating NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in IOP lowering is expected to be initiated in the next few months. Planning is continuing for the trial exploring retinal benefits however it is now expected to start in 2024. Each trial is expected to take approximately one year to complete. Approval and launch of ZERVIATE in China by Ocumension: expected in 2024. Only the December 31  2022 cash figure is audited. All other figures in this press release are non-audited.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.29,0.23,True,English,"['Second Quarter 2023 Financial', 'Business Highlights', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'additional Mont Blanc trial sub-group analysis', '$300 million annual global net sales potential', 'NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution', 'ZERVIATE New Drug Application', 'Denali Phase 3 trial', 'potential additional financing', 'cetirizine ophthalmic solution', '€1.6 million credit agreement', 'new pipeline assets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Priority Review Status', 'additional revenue stream', 'net royalty payments', 'November 2022 equity financing', 'Post Q2 2023 Events', 'Key Future Milestones', 'World Glaucoma Congress', 'bond financing agreement', 'international ophthalmology company', '0.024% U.S. prescriptions3', 'current recruitment rates', '12-month cash runway', 'December 31, 2022 cash figure', 'Denali trial', 'potential benefits', 'additional programs', 'net revenue', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'Cash position', 'cash equivalents', 'second quarter', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'business highlights', 'continued progress', 'patient groups', 'leading ophthalmologists', 'Andreas Segerros', 'good news', 'Chinese partner', 'The Company', 'possible options', 'licensing activities', 'Kreos Capital', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'present value', 'put option2', 'latter debt', 'same period', 'intraocular pressure', 'ocular hypertension', 'Laboratorios Grin', 'exclusive partner', 'dual mechanism', 'nitric oxide', 'prostaglandin analog', 'retinal benefits', 'one year', 'other figures', 'Financial Highlights', 'financial debt', 'financial impact', 'IOP lowering', 'development team', 'business development', 'Nicox SA', 'Nicox Group', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'expected launch', 'other countries', 'topline results', 'press release', 'ZERVIATE™', '15 countries', 'June', 'July', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'subsidiaries', 'track', 'superiority', 'last', 'months', 'China', 'opportunities', 'March', 'form', 'January', 'August', 'context', 'conditions', 'footnote', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'number', 'reduction', 'patients', 'Mexico', 'notice', 'termination', 'date', 'Initiation', 'action', 'Planning', 'Approval', '7:30']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Nexans-wins-record-breaking-contract-for-the-EuroAsia-Interconnector-44363854/,Nexans wins record-breaking contract for the EuroAsia Interconnector,(marketscreener.com) Nexans wins record-breaking contract for the EuroAsia Interconnector _PRESS RELEASE_ Nexans is awarded the turnkey contract for the section of the EuroAsia Interconnector that connects Greece and CyprusThe interconnector will deliver up t…,Nexans wins record-breaking contract for the EuroAsia Interconnector_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans is awarded the turnkey contract for the section of the EuroAsia I nterconnector that connects Greece and CyprusThe interconnector will deliver up to 2   000 MW of energy to Europe and will be the largest interconnector project in history  supplying over 3 million homes with electricityThis major contract  v alue d at € 1 . 4 3 billion   set s multiple records including the longest and deepest cables ever laid   each with a length of 900 km that will be supplied and installed by N exans Aurora and Nexans Skagerrak cable laying vessels   and run across the Mediterranean S ea floor at depths of over 3   000 metersThrough a variety of ongoing global projects  Nexans is pushing the boundaries of its strategy andthe EuroAsia Interconnector will be a game-changing step in the energy transitionParis  France- July19  2023– In a historic first  Nexans  a world leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has been awarded the major contract valued at €1.43 billion for the section of the EuroAsiaInterconnector that connects Greece and Cyprus. As a critical part of a broader project to connect the grids of Greece  Israel  and Cyprus  the 525kV high voltage direct current (HVDC) cable will be the longest and deepest interconnector in the world with a bi-pole length of 2x900 km  and will run across the Mediterranean Sea floor at depths of over 3 000 meters. Subsea HVDC Mass Impregnated cables will be manufactured in Nexans’ facilities in Halden (Norway) and Futtsu (Japan) and will be installed by the state-of-the-art cable laying vessels Nexans Aurora and Nexans Skagerrak.The EuroAsia Interconnector will exchange up to 1 000 MW among the three nations with the capability of increasing to 2 000 MW  the equivalent to 3 million households’ average electricity consumption  and will end the energy isolation of Cyprus by creating an energy highway between Europe and Asia. Pole One is expected to be completed in 2028 and Pole Two in 2029.“This record-breaking project demonstrates our capacity to innovate and push the limits of electrical transmission and distribution to meet an ever growing global need. This is a crucial step on the path to a carbon-free economy. Nexans’ global electrification strategy is playing a key role in the world’s journey to a net zero future and we are excited that we have been selected to bring the development of the EuroAsia Interconnector to life”  stated Christopher Guérin  CEO of Nexans.The interconnector has been designated as a Project of Common Interest (PCI) by the European Union which will allow the project to benefit from accelerated planning and permitting  lower administrative costs  and public participation. To qualify as a PCI  a project must also contribute to the European Union’s energy and climate goals  and as a result  much of the electricity being shared will be from renewable and decarbonized sources.IPTO  Transmission System Operator of Greece  has been providing technical and operational capacity to the project ensuring the successful implementation.“We are proud that after 12 years of hard work the world’s longest and deepest subsea HVDC electricity interconnector built by Nexans will put Cyprus on the world energy map  while also ending the energy isolation of Cyprus  the last non-interconnected EU member state  and Israel. The EuroAsia Interconnector Israel-Cyprus-Greece electricity interconnector is a leading European project of common interest PCI 3.10 that ends the energy isolation of Cyprus and Israel  creates security of supply  significantly reduces the CO2 emissions  and serves the “Green Deal” of the European Commission”  said Nasos Ktorides  CEO of EuroAsia Interconnector.The parties expect formal clearance of the Greek and Cypriot energy regulators to intervene in due course.Nexans is pushing the boundaries of its strategy and keeps expanding into new and important markets  as it is the case with Nexans’ recent awards including the 2GW Frame Agreement with TenneT with breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology and the Celtic Interconnector connecting France and Ireland. The Group is leading the way in connecting parts of the world with the highest renewable energy potential to locations with the greatest demand for electricity. From energy generation and transmission to distribution and usage  Nexans’ solutions cover the full electrification value chain to connect the world’s renewable energy sources and ensure electricity can be delivered to all corners of the world securely  reliably and efficiently.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllysLeosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.com Investor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.66,0.3,0.04,True,English,"['record-breaking contract', 'EuroAsia Interconnector', 'Nexans', '525kV high voltage direct current (HVDC) cable', 'breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology', 'Subsea HVDC Mass Impregnated cables', '3 million households’ average electricity consumption', 'The EuroAsia Interconnector Israel-Cyprus-Greece electricity interconnector', 'deepest subsea HVDC electricity interconnector', 'Nexans Skagerrak cable laying vessels', 'Mediterranean S ea floor', 'full electrification value chain', 'interconnected EU member state', 'highest renewable energy potential', 'Nexans’ global electrification strategy', 'Mediterranean Sea floor', 'ongoing global projects', 'growing global need', 'Christopher Guérin', 'lower administrative costs', '2GW Frame Agreement', 'EuroAsia I nterconnector', 'N exans Aurora', 'up to 2 , 000 MW', 'up to 1,000 MW', 'Cypriot energy regulators', 'net zero future', 'Transmission System Operator', 'Nexans’ recent awards', 'largest interconnector project', 'renewable energy sources', 'leading European project', 'world energy map', 'common interest PCI', 'deepest cables', 'cable systems', 'deepest interconnector', '3 million homes', 'The Group', 'Celtic Interconnector', 'decarbonized electricity', 'decarbonized sources', 'Nexans Aurora', 'energy transition', 'energy isolation', 'energy highway', 'European Union', 'European Commission', 'energy generation', 'record-breaking contract', 'turnkey contract', 'major contract', 'multiple records', 'game-changing step', 'historic first', 'critical part', 'three nations', 'electrical transmission', 'crucial step', 'carbon-free economy', 'key role', 'accelerated planning', 'public participation', 'climate goals', 'successful implementation', 'hard work', 'CO2 emissions', 'Green Deal', 'Nasos Ktorides', 'formal clearance', 'due course', 'important markets', 'greatest demand', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'safe, sustainable', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'Nexans’ facilities', 'Nexans’ solutions', 'broader project', 'record-breaking project', 'bi-pole length', '2x900 km', 'operational capacity', 'world leader', 'new world', '2,000 MW', 'section', 'history', 'longest', 'depths', '3 , 000 meters', 'variety', 'boundaries', 'Paris', 'France', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'EuroAsiaInterconnector', 'grids', '3,000 meters', 'Halden', 'Norway', 'Futtsu', 'Japan', 'capability', 'limits', 'distribution', 'path', 'journey', 'development', 'life', 'CEO', 'result', 'IPTO', 'technical', '12 years', 'last', 'security', 'supply', 'parties', 'Greek', 'case', 'TenneT', 'Ireland', 'parts', 'locations', 'usage', 'corners', 'planet', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/assa-abloy-intends-to-acquire-evolis-in-france-301880581.html,ASSA ABLOY intends to acquire Evolis in France,"STOCKHOLM  July 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ASSA ABLOY intends to  through its subsidiary HID Global SAS (""HID"")  and subject to certain customary and regulatory conditions  purchase approximately 98.5 percent of the shares of EVOLIS S.A. (""Evolis"" or the ""Compa…","STOCKHOLM  July 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ASSA ABLOY intends to  through its subsidiary HID Global SAS (""HID"")  and subject to certain customary and regulatory conditions  purchase approximately 98.5 percent of the shares of EVOLIS S.A. (""Evolis"" or the ""Company"")  a Euronext Growth company listed in Paris and a leading French manufacturer of ID card printers and consumables.HID has entered into (i) a put option agreement with the shareholders of Cedys & Co S.A.S. (""Cedys"") for all of the Cedys' shares  noting that Cedys owns approximately 84.4 percent of the Evolis shares and voting rights (i.e. 4 407 707 shares) and (ii) a share purchase agreement for the sale by Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR and Crédit Mutuel Innovation of 14.0 percent of the shares (i.e. respectively 732 632 and 10 shares) to HID  which would result in a combined purchase price for the two transactions noted in (i) and (ii) above of approximately EUR 224.9 million for 98.5 percent of the Evolis shares (i.e. 5 140 349 shares)  which is equivalent to a purchase price per Evolis share of EUR 43.75 (the ""Acquisition"").The purchase price represents a premium of approximately 36 percent over Evolis' volume-weighted average share price on Euronext Growth Paris during the last 60 traded days up to and including July 17th  2023  of 32.30 EUR.After the completion of the Acquisition  HID would own approximately 98.5 percent of the share capital and voting rights of the Company  (i.e. 5 140 349 shares) and would then launch a mandatory public tender offer (OPAS-RO)[1] shortly thereafter for the remaining 1.5 percent outstanding shares of Evolis (the ""Offer"") (i.e. 80 471 shares)[2] (at the same purchase price per Evolis share as for the Acquisition  i.e.  EUR 43.75 per Evolis share  subject to the Evolis' board of directors opinion on the terms of the Offer  which would account for a fairness opinion report on the Offer from an independent appraiser). The Offer would be subject to the AMF's clearance decision (French Financial Markets Authority – AMF – Autorité des Marchés Financiers).After the closing of the Offer  HID would intend to implement  in accordance with the provisions of the General Rules (Règlement Général) of the AMF  a squeeze-out procedure for the remaining outstanding shares of the Company.Evolis develops  manufactures  and sells printers and software for personalization of physical credentials. Through a well-established channel network Evolis has built a well-established global market position in the instant issuance of physical credentials including ID cards  access control badges  payment cards and other personalized credentials.Evolis was established in 1999 and has some 380 employees. The company is headquartered in Angers  France. The Company is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris.""I am looking forward to welcoming Evolis into the ASSA ABLOY Group. Evolis would be a good technological addition to the ASSA ABLOY Group and would reinforce our current offering within the secure issuance business"" says Nico Delvaux  President and CEO of ASSA ABLOY.""It would be a pleasure to welcome Evolis to the HID family"" says Björn Lidefelt  Executive Vice President and Head of Global Technologies business unit HID Global. ""Joining forces with a strong industry player like Evolis would enable us to better meet our customers' needs and provides complementary growth opportunities across product  geographical and vertical market presence"".Conditions to the AcquisitionThe Acquisition is conditional upon customary closing conditions and regulatory approval and would be expected to close during the third quarter of 2023.Financial effects for ASSA ABLOYAssuming all the free float would be tendered to the Offer  the total amount paid for the Acquisition and the Offer would amount to approximately EUR 228.4 million.For 2022 Evolis' sales amounted to EUR 112 million with a strong EBIT-margin. The acquisition would be accretive to EPS from the start.For more information  please contact:Nico Delvaux  President and CEO  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 82Erik Pieder  CFO and Executive Vice President  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 72Björn Tibell  Head of Investor Relations  tel. no: +46 70 275 67 68  e-mail: [email protected]About ASSA ABLOYThe ASSA ABLOY Group is the global leader in access solutions. The Group operates worldwide with 52 000 employees and sales of SEK 121 billion. The Group has leading positions in areas such as efficient door openings  trusted identities and entrance automation. ASSA ABLOY's innovations enable safe  secure and convenient access to physical and digital places. Every day  we help billions of people experience a more open world.[1] OPAS: simplified tender offer according to Art. 233-12 of the RGAMF as HID will own more than 50 percent of the shares and voting rights of Evolis at the time the tender offer is initiated.[2] Excluding 3 542 free shares which will be issued between 2024 and 2025.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/7333/3807071/2195544.pdf Press release (PDF) https://news.cision.com/assa-abloy/i/logo-on-facade2 c3200839 logo on facade2SOURCE ASSA ABLOY",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['ASSA ABLOY', 'Evolis', 'France', 'Règlement Général', 'Crédit Mutuel Equity SCR', 'Crédit Mutuel Innovation', 'Co S.A.S.', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Global Technologies business unit', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'mandatory public tender offer', 'The ASSA ABLOY Group', 'remaining 1.5 percent outstanding shares', 'Marchés Financiers', 'leading French manufacturer', 'put option agreement', 'fairness opinion report', 'good technological addition', 'Björn Lidefelt', 'vertical market presence', 'Björn Tibell', 'efficient door openings', 'global market position', 'complementary growth opportunities', 'remaining outstanding shares', 'secure issuance business', 'strong industry player', 'EVOLIS S.A.', 'combined purchase price', 'same purchase price', 'access control badges', 'other personalized credentials', 'share purchase agreement', 'Executive Vice President', 'ID card printers', 'HID Global SAS', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Euronext Growth company', 'customary closing conditions', 'The Group', 'Financial effects', 'global leader', 'share capital', 'instant issuance', 'ID cards', 'strong EBIT-margin', 'leading positions', 'safe, secure', 'access solutions', 'convenient access', 'regulatory conditions', 'voting rights', 'two transactions', 'independent appraiser', 'clearance decision', 'General Rules', 'physical credentials', 'channel network', 'payment cards', 'The Company', 'current offering', 'Nico Delvaux', ""customers' needs"", 'regulatory approval', 'third quarter', 'free float', 'total amount', 'Erik Pieder', 'Investor Relations', 'trusted identities', 'entrance automation', 'digital places', 'open world', 'following files', 'Press release', 'Evolis share', '3,542 free shares', ""Evolis' board"", 'HID family', ""Evolis' sales"", '4,407,707 shares', '10 shares', '5,140,349 shares', '80,471 shares', '98.5 percent', '84.4 percent', '14.0 percent', '36 percent', '50 percent', 'PRNewswire', 'subsidiary', 'consumables', 'shareholders', 'Cedys', 'Acquisition', 'premium', 'last 60', 'days', 'July', 'completion', 'OPAS-RO', 'directors', 'terms', 'AMF', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'software', 'personalization', '380 employees', 'Angers', 'France', 'CEO', 'pleasure', 'Head', 'forces', 'geographical', 'EPS', 'start', 'information', 'tel', 'CFO', 'mail', '52,000 employees', 'SEK', 'areas', 'innovations', 'billions', 'people', 'Art.', 'time', 'download', '2022', '46']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,prnewswire.com
27984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EGIDE-S-A-5193/news/Egide-2023-H1-sales-44372119/,Egide: 2023 H1 sales,(marketscreener.com) Bollène   July 19  2023 – 06:00pm Press Release Growing business in 1ST Half-Year 2023   Egide SA sales in H1 2023 amounts to €8.6m +13% compared to H1 2022.   26% growth revenue in H1 2023 of US subsidiaries   Outlook Driven by strong sa…,Bollène (France)  July 19  2023 –06:00pm(CET)Press ReleaseGrowing businessin 1ST Half-Year 2023Egide SA sales in H1 2023 amounts to €8.6m +13% compared to H1 2022 .26% growth revenuein H1 2023 ofUS subsidiaries (for sale) OutlookDriven by strong sales momentum across all products in H1 2023  Egide SA intends to maintain a similar level of revenue in H2 2023.Egide  the worldwide hermetic packages specialist   presents its H1 2023 revenue.1. H1 2023 revenue of Egide SA up 13% to €8.6mIn the first half of 2023  Egide SA reported unaudited sales of €8.6 million  up 13% compared to the first half of 2022 and up 10% on the second half of 2022.This growth is mainly driven by faster order processing  shortened manufacturing lead times and improvement of customer service.Egide SAIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023* Var. % Egide SA 7.64 8.62 + 13%* unauditedRevenue by applicationAll market segments are growing  except for RF  where variation in absolute figures is not significant. The growth in Egide SA's business is mainly due to the thermal imaging markets (+1M€)  where Egide's know-how is recognized worldwide.Egide SAIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % Therm imaging. 5.42 6.44 +18.9% Power 0.05 0.13 +163.3% Optronics 0.76 0.80 +5.7% RF 0.96 0.77 -19.8% Other 0.45 0.48 +5.9% Egide SA 7.64 8.62 +12.9%* UnauditedRevenue bygeographical areaGrowth in Egide SA's business was driven by expansion in Europe (+€0.9M)  with growth of several French customers  and in the USA (+€0.3M).The Middle East remains strong.Egide SAIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % USA 0.10 0.35 +254.5% Europe 4.22 5.07 +20.2% Asia & ROW 3.32 3.20 -3.7% Egide SA 7.64 8.62 +12.9%* unaudited2. Growth of 26% of US subsidiaries (for sale)In the first half of 2023  the US subsidiaries (for sale) reported revenues of €10.6 million  up 26% compared to H1 2022.At constant exchange rates  sales growth was 24%  with a favorable currency effect of 2%.US SubsidiariesIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023* Var. % Var. %**based on constant $. Egide USA 4.25 6.35 +49% +47% Santier 4.13 4.22 +2% +1% US Subsidiaries 8.38 10.57 +26 % +24%* unaudited ** in constant$This increase in revenue of the US subsidiaries in H1 2023 compared to H1 2022 is all the more significant that in the previous year  the US subsidiaries lost 9.8% of sales in the first half compared with 2021.The growth in Egide USA's business is primarily due to improved operating performance. The facility is operational again after all the difficulties with workforce  training  qualification and quality  which were explained in previous communications. Furthermore  the sales backlog remains strong.Santier's activity remains stable.Revenue by applicationAll market segments are growing. The €2.2M revenue growth is mainly due to optronics (+€0.7M)  power (+€0.6M) and thermal imaging (+€0.6M) markets.US subsidiariesIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % Therm imaging. 0.49 1.04 +111% Power 2.97 3.55 +19% Optronics 1.43 2.12 +49% Microwave/RF 1.95 2.07 +6% Other 1.54 1.80 +16% US subsidiaries 8.38 10.57 +26%* UnauditedRevenue bygeographical areaBusiness growth at the US units was driven by the booming US market (+€2.6m).US subsidiariesIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % USA 6.82 9.37 37% Europe 0.36 0.48 35% Asia & ROW 1.20 0.72 -40% US subsidiaries 8.38 10.57 26%* Unaudited3. OUTLOOK FOR 2023Driven by strong sales momentum across all products in H1 2023  Egide SA intends to maintain a similar level of revenue in H2 2023.In addition  the improved performance of the US subsidiaries is a positive event for the on-going discussions with potential buyers. Additional measures to improve the performance are being implemented.FINANCIAL CALENDARPress Release 2023 Half-year results: October 26  2023CONTACTSEGIDE –Philippe Bringuier – General Manager & Chief Financial Officer - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – pbringuier@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Isabelle Aprile – Press Relations - +33 1 39 97 61 22 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.17,0.5,True,English,"['2023 H1 sales', 'Egide', 'worldwide hermetic packages specialist', 'faster order processing', 'several French customers', 'The Middle East', 'favorable currency effect', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'strong technology barriers', 'cutting edge markets', 'manufacturing lead times', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'critical industry segments', 'strong sales momentum', 'Revenue bygeographical area', 'constant exchange rates', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'booming US market', 'thermal imaging markets', '€2.2M revenue growth', 'Egide SA sales', '6M) markets', 'market segments', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'manufacturing bases', 'sales backlog', 'market niche', 'Therm imaging', 'US units', 'Bollène', 'Press Release', 'Growing businessin', '1ST Half-Year', 'similar level', 'first half', 'second half', 'customer service', 'million Euros', 'absolute figures', 'previous year', 'previous communications', 'positive event', 'going discussions', 'potential buyers', 'Additional measures', '2023 Half-year results', 'Philippe Bringuier', 'General Manager', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'pure player', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'ALGID Attachment', 'US subsidiaries', 'sales growth', '26% growth revenuein', 'unaudited sales', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'operating performance', 'Egide USA', 'Power Units', 'Var. % USA', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'Business growth', 'constant $', 'France', 'July', '00pm', 'CET', 'Outlook', 'products', 'H2', 'improvement', 'application', 'variation', 'know-how', 'Optronics', 'Other', 'expansion', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'revenues', 'Santier', 'increase', 'facility', 'difficulties', 'workforce', 'training', 'qualification', 'quality', 'activity', '7M', 'Microwave/RF', 'October', 'CONTACTS', 'group', 'EXTENSO', 'date', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'High-Frequency', 'ISIN']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707559/0/en/EDPR-NA-Distributed-Generation-Lufthansa-Technik-Puerto-Rico-Announce-21-Year-Power-Purchase-Agreement-Powering-Operations-in-Puerto-Rico.html,EDPR NA Distributed Generation & Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico Announce 21-Year Power Purchase Agreement Powering Operations in Puerto Rico,Renewable energy leader EDP Renewables is developing a 2-megawatt rooftop solar installation for Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico’s (LTPR) Aguadilla Facility  enhancing aircraft maintenance efforts. Renewable energy leader EDP Renewables is developing a 2-megawa…,English SpanishAGUADILLA  Puerto Rico  July 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC ( EDPR NA DG ) and Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico (LTPR) have executed a 21-year power purchase agreement (PPA) that allows EDPR NA DG to install a 2-megawatt (MW) rooftop solar system on top of LTPR’s Aguadilla Facility. This installment will provide between 95-100% of the site’s annual energy needs and save the maintenance  operations  and repair facility more than $10 million in operating costs. The system will also generate roughly 3 million kWh annually  reducing 2 126 metric tons of carbon emissions every year for the next two decades.EDPR NA DG is a subsidiary of EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  a top five renewable energy operator in North America  and LTPR is a top-tier base maintenance company and Lufthansa Technik (LHT) subsidiary. This collaboration is EDPR NA DG’s first partnership with an aviation company. The LHT branch  which belongs to the Lufthansa Group  is mobilizing efforts to reduce its carbon footprint and improve resource efficiency by 25 percent  increasing its use of renewable energy to 50 percent. The agreement with EDPR NA DG will help LTPR grow grid reliability in Puerto Rico.“We are proud to see our vision of making LTPR run with renewable energy come to life. This milestone is a leading example within Lufthansa Technik  where we are constantly looking into modern solutions which allow us to make our operations more sustainable ” said Dr. Alexander Feuersänger  Lufthansa Technik’s Vice President Operations Aircraft Maintenance Services and Chairman of LTPR’s Board.Dr. Feuersänger had the determination to capitalize on Puerto Rico’s tropical weather to reduce Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico’s carbon footprint and increase the facility’s resiliency with clean power.The PPA will result in an immediate reduction of LTPR’s operating expenses  greater control and predictability of future energy costs  and an instant reduction of emissions  supporting Lufthansa Group’s sustainability goals . The partnership with EDPR NA DG will enable LTPR to progress toward its sustainability and ESG objectives while expanding the greening of its services in the aviation industry.EDPR NA DG is a renewable energy leader focused on delivering a reliable energy grid with distributed technologies. Thus  when working together with Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico  the company relied on its hands-on approach and expertise from the acquisition  construction  and operation of 290 MWp of distributed generation and community solar projects to date across North America. The partnership between EDPR NA DG and LTPR is a step toward making the grid and transportation sector in Puerto Rico cleaner and more resilient.“EDPR NA DG admires Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico’s dedication and leadership in creating a more sustainable aviation sector ” said Gustavo Monteiro  EDPR NA Distributed Generation CEO. “We are pleased to support Lufthansa Technik’s mission to decrease their carbon emissions by providing them with low-cost renewable energy solutions  whilst increasing resiliency in Puerto Rico’s energy grid.”EDPR NA DG will collaborate with local Puerto Rico based Carpe Diem Developers to develop the project.“Carpe Diem Developers is honored to help power Puerto Rico’s transition to renewable energy ” said David Denny  Carpe Diem Developers Partner. “Through our work with EDPR NA DG  we are launching an exciting new era of distributed energy generation. LTPR has shown exemplary leadership through its local community engagement  and we are excited to help build this tangible symbol of their commitment to sustainability in Puerto Rico.”Multimedia AssetsCo-authored Blog: https://edprnadg.com/expanding-grid-resilience-puerto-rico-solar-energyAbout EDPR NA Distributed GenerationAt EDPR NA Distributed Generation (EDPR NA DG)  accelerating the adoption and success of distributed generation is at the core of our mission. EDPR NA DG provides cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services to the entire North American region. Built on long-standing relationships with developers  power generators  corporate purchasers  municipalities  and local communities  EDPR NA DG delivers a full suite of offerings ranging from financing and development to construction and operation of energy and storage assets poised to scale. For more information  visit www.edprnadg.com .EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.About EDP Renewables North AmericaEDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  its affiliates  and its subsidiaries develop  construct  own  and operate wind farms  solar parks  and energy storage systems throughout North America. Headquartered in Houston  Texas  with 58 wind farms  10 solar parks  and eight regional offices across North America  EDPR NA has developed more than 9 600 megawatts (MW) and operates more than 8 400 MW of onshore utility-scale renewable energy projects. With more than 1 000 employees  EDPR NA’s highly qualified team has a proven capacity to execute projects across the continent.For more information  visit www.edpr.com/north-america.About Lufthansa Technik Puerto RicoLufthansa Technik Puerto Rico (LTPR) is a leading provider of maintenance  repair  and overhaul (MRO) services within the aviation industry. Specializing in the Airbus A320 range of short and medium-range aircraft  our company  LTPR operates from a state-of-the-art facility located at the Rafael Hernández Airport in Aguadilla  Puerto Rico. With a team of over 370 highly qualified personnel  they are dedicated to delivering world-class MRO services to customers in North and South America. Their commitment to excellence  advanced technology  and strategic location make them the preferred choice for Airbus A320 operators in the region.About Lufthansa TechnikLufthansa Technik (LHT) is the world-renowned provider of aircraft maintenance  repair  overhaul and modification services for civil aircraft  from commercial to VIP and special mission aircraft belonging to the Lufthansa Group. With presence in more than 35 operating subsidiaries and affiliates in EMEA  Asia Pacific and the Americas  the company’s international alliances makes them more competitive on several fronts and enables them to hold international licenses for maintenance  design and production. LHT provides tailored maintenance programs  modification  completion and conversion as well as innovative cabin products  material pooling or engine services. For more information  visit: lufthansa-technik.com/.Media ContactsEDP Renewables North AmericaTom Weirich+1 281.825.2771thomas.weirich@edp.comLufthansa Technik Puerto RicoMariola Pagán-Hidalgo+1 787.224.8379mariola.pagan@lht-puertorico.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['21-Year Power Purchase Agreement Powering Operations', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation', 'Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico', 'Vice President Operations Aircraft Maintenance Services', '2-megawatt (MW) rooftop solar system', 'cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services', 'top five renewable energy operator', 'EDP Renewables North America LLC', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation CEO', 'entire North American region', 'Dr. Alexander Feuersänger', 'largest renewable energy producer', 'top-tier base maintenance company', 'Carpe Diem Developers Partner', 'low-cost renewable energy solutions', '21-year power purchase agreement', 'Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico', 'Dr. Feuersänger', 'distributed energy generation', 'community solar projects', 'EDPR NA DG', 'annual energy needs', 'next two decades', 'exciting new era', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy leader', 'local community engagement', 'future energy costs', 'energy storage systems', 'market-leading operating capacity', 'local Puerto Rico', 'reliable energy grid', 'sustainable aviation sector', 'sound development pipeline', 'first class assets', 'The LHT branch', 'distributed technologies', 'solar parks', 'modern solutions', 'Latin America', 'operating costs', 'storage assets', 'Lufthansa Group', 'aviation company', 'transportation sector', 'local communities', 'global leader', 'operating expenses', 'aviation industry', 'Multimedia Assets', 'clean power', 'power generators', 'English Spanish', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '3 million kWh', '2,126 metric tons', 'LHT) subsidiary', 'carbon footprint', 'resource efficiency', 'grid reliability', 'leading example', 'tropical weather', 'immediate reduction', 'greater control', 'instant reduction', 'ESG objectives', 'Gustavo Monteiro', 'David Denny', 'tangible symbol', 'long-standing relationships', 'corporate purchasers', 'full suite', 'exceptional development', 'recent years', '29 international markets', 'wind farms', 'first partnership', 'repair facility', 'carbon emissions', 'exemplary leadership', 'sustainability goals', 'Aguadilla Facility', 'LTPR', 'PPA', 'installment', 'site', 'collaboration', 'efforts', '25 percent', 'use', '50 percent', 'vision', 'life', 'milestone', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'determination', 'resiliency', 'predictability', 'greening', 'hands', 'approach', 'expertise', 'acquisition', 'construction', '290 MWp', 'date', 'step', 'dedication', 'transition', 'work', 'commitment', 'Blog', 'grid-resilience-puerto', 'solar-energy', 'adoption', 'success', 'core', 'municipalities', 'offerings', 'financing', 'information', 'world', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'affiliates', 'subsidiaries', 'Houston', 'Texas']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707473/0/en/EDPR-NA-Distributed-Generation-Lufthansa-Technik-Puerto-Rico-Announce-21-Year-Power-Purchase-Agreement-Powering-Operations-in-Puerto-Rico.html,EDPR NA Distributed Generation & Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico Announce 21-Year Power Purchase Agreement Powering Operations in Puerto Rico,Renewable energy leader EDP Renewables is developing a 2-megawatt rooftop solar installation for Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico’s (LTPR) Aguadilla Facility  enhancing aircraft maintenance efforts. Renewable energy leader EDP Renewables is developing a 2-megawa…,AGUADILLA  Puerto Rico  July 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC ( EDPR NA DG ) and Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico (LTPR) have executed a 21-year power purchase agreement (PPA) that allows EDPR NA DG to install a 2-megawatt (MW) rooftop solar system on top of LTPR’s Aguadilla Facility. This installment will provide between 95-100% of the site’s annual energy needs and save the maintenance  operations  and repair facility more than $10 million in operating costs. The system will also generate roughly 3 million kWh annually  reducing 2 126 metric tons of carbon emissions every year for the next two decades.EDPR NA DG is a subsidiary of EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  a top five renewable energy operator in North America  and LTPR is a top-tier base maintenance company and Lufthansa Technik (LHT) subsidiary. This collaboration is EDPR NA DG’s first partnership with an aviation company. The LHT branch  which belongs to the Lufthansa Group  is mobilizing efforts to reduce its carbon footprint and improve resource efficiency by 25 percent  increasing its use of renewable energy to 50 percent. The agreement with EDPR NA DG will help LTPR grow grid reliability in Puerto Rico.“We are proud to see our vision of making LTPR run with renewable energy come to life. This milestone is a leading example within Lufthansa Technik  where we are constantly looking into modern solutions which allow us to make our operations more sustainable ” said Dr. Alexander Feuersänger  Lufthansa Technik’s Vice President Operations Aircraft Maintenance Services and Chairman of LTPR’s Board.Dr. Feuersänger had the determination to capitalize on Puerto Rico’s tropical weather to reduce Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico’s carbon footprint and increase the facility’s resiliency with clean power.The PPA will result in an immediate reduction of LTPR’s operating expenses  greater control and predictability of future energy costs  and an instant reduction of emissions  supporting Lufthansa Group’s sustainability goals . The partnership with EDPR NA DG will enable LTPR to progress toward its sustainability and ESG objectives while expanding the greening of its services in the aviation industry.EDPR NA DG is a renewable energy leader focused on delivering a reliable energy grid with distributed technologies. Thus  when working together with Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico  the company relied on its hands-on approach and expertise from the acquisition  construction  and operation of 290 MWp of distributed generation and community solar projects to date across North America. The partnership between EDPR NA DG and LTPR is a step toward making the grid and transportation sector in Puerto Rico cleaner and more resilient.“EDPR NA DG admires Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico’s dedication and leadership in creating a more sustainable aviation sector ” said Gustavo Monteiro  EDPR NA Distributed Generation CEO. “We are pleased to support Lufthansa Technik’s mission to decrease their carbon emissions by providing them with low-cost renewable energy solutions  whilst increasing resiliency in Puerto Rico’s energy grid.”EDPR NA DG will collaborate with local Puerto Rico based Carpe Diem Developers to develop the project.“Carpe Diem Developers is honored to help power Puerto Rico’s transition to renewable energy ” said David Denny  Carpe Diem Developers Partner. “Through our work with EDPR NA DG  we are launching an exciting new era of distributed energy generation. LTPR has shown exemplary leadership through its local community engagement  and we are excited to help build this tangible symbol of their commitment to sustainability in Puerto Rico.”Multimedia AssetsCo-authored Blog: https://edprnadg.com/expanding-grid-resilience-puerto-rico-solar-energyAbout EDPR NA Distributed GenerationAt EDPR NA Distributed Generation (EDPR NA DG)  accelerating the adoption and success of distributed generation is at the core of our mission. EDPR NA DG provides cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services to the entire North American region. Built on long-standing relationships with developers  power generators  corporate purchasers  municipalities  and local communities  EDPR NA DG delivers a full suite of offerings ranging from financing and development to construction and operation of energy and storage assets poised to scale. For more information  visit www.edprnadg.com .EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.About EDP Renewables North AmericaEDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  its affiliates  and its subsidiaries develop  construct  own  and operate wind farms  solar parks  and energy storage systems throughout North America. Headquartered in Houston  Texas  with 58 wind farms  10 solar parks  and eight regional offices across North America  EDPR NA has developed more than 9 600 megawatts (MW) and operates more than 8 400 MW of onshore utility-scale renewable energy projects. With more than 1 000 employees  EDPR NA’s highly qualified team has a proven capacity to execute projects across the continent.For more information  visit www.edpr.com/north-america.About Lufthansa Technik Puerto RicoLufthansa Technik Puerto Rico (LTPR) is a leading provider of maintenance  repair  and overhaul (MRO) services within the aviation industry. Specializing in the Airbus A320 range of short and medium-range aircraft  our company  LTPR operates from a state-of-the-art facility located at the Rafael Hernández Airport in Aguadilla  Puerto Rico. With a team of over 370 highly qualified personnel  they are dedicated to delivering world-class MRO services to customers in North and South America. Their commitment to excellence  advanced technology  and strategic location make them the preferred choice for Airbus A320 operators in the region.About Lufthansa TechnikLufthansa Technik (LHT) is the world-renowned provider of aircraft maintenance  repair  overhaul and modification services for civil aircraft  from commercial to VIP and special mission aircraft belonging to the Lufthansa Group. With presence in more than 35 operating subsidiaries and affiliates in EMEA  Asia Pacific and the Americas  the company’s international alliances makes them more competitive on several fronts and enables them to hold international licenses for maintenance  design and production. LHT provides tailored maintenance programs  modification  completion and conversion as well as innovative cabin products  material pooling or engine services. For more information  visit: lufthansa-technik.com/.Media ContactsEDP Renewables North AmericaTom Weirich+1 281.825.2771thomas.weirich@edp.comLufthansa Technik Puerto RicoMariola Pagán-Hidalgo+1 787.224.8379mariola.pagan@lht-puertorico.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['21-Year Power Purchase Agreement Powering Operations', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation', 'Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico', 'Vice President Operations Aircraft Maintenance Services', '2-megawatt (MW) rooftop solar system', 'cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services', 'top five renewable energy operator', 'EDP Renewables North America LLC', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation CEO', 'entire North American region', 'Dr. Alexander Feuersänger', 'largest renewable energy producer', 'top-tier base maintenance company', 'Carpe Diem Developers Partner', 'low-cost renewable energy solutions', '21-year power purchase agreement', 'Lufthansa Technik Puerto Rico', 'Dr. Feuersänger', 'distributed energy generation', 'community solar projects', 'EDPR NA DG', 'annual energy needs', 'next two decades', 'exciting new era', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy leader', 'local community engagement', 'future energy costs', 'energy storage systems', 'power Puerto Rico', 'local Puerto Rico', 'market-leading operating capacity', 'reliable energy grid', 'sustainable aviation sector', 'sound development pipeline', 'first class assets', 'The LHT branch', 'distributed technologies', 'solar parks', 'modern solutions', 'Latin America', 'operating costs', 'storage assets', 'Lufthansa Group', 'clean power', 'power generators', 'aviation company', 'transportation sector', 'local communities', 'global leader', 'operating expenses', 'aviation industry', 'Multimedia Assets', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '3 million kWh', '2,126 metric tons', 'LHT) subsidiary', 'carbon footprint', 'resource efficiency', 'grid reliability', 'leading example', 'tropical weather', 'immediate reduction', 'greater control', 'instant reduction', 'ESG objectives', 'Gustavo Monteiro', 'David Denny', 'tangible symbol', 'long-standing relationships', 'corporate purchasers', 'full suite', 'exceptional development', 'recent years', '29 international markets', 'first partnership', 'repair facility', 'carbon emissions', 'exemplary leadership', 'wind farms', 'sustainability goals', 'Aguadilla Facility', '58 wind', 'LTPR', 'PPA', 'installment', 'site', 'collaboration', 'efforts', '25 percent', 'use', '50 percent', 'vision', 'life', 'milestone', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'determination', 'resiliency', 'predictability', 'greening', 'hands', 'approach', 'expertise', 'acquisition', 'construction', '290 MWp', 'date', 'step', 'dedication', 'transition', 'work', 'commitment', 'Blog', 'grid-resilience-puerto', 'solar-energy', 'adoption', 'success', 'core', 'municipalities', 'offerings', 'financing', 'information', 'Euronext', 'world', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'affiliates', 'subsidiaries', 'Houston', 'Texas']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707769/0/en/Egide-2023-H1-sales.html,Egide: 2023 H1 sales,Bollène (France)  July 19  2023 – 06:00pm (CET)Press Release   Growing business in 1ST Half-Year 2023   Egide SA sales in H1 2023 amounts to €8.6m +13%......,Bollène (France)  July 19  2023 – 06:00pm (CET)Press ReleaseGrowing business in 1ST Half-Year 2023Egide SA sales in H1 2023 amounts to €8.6m +13% compared to H1 2022 .26% growth revenue in H1 2023 of US subsidiaries (for sale) OutlookDriven by strong sales momentum across all products in H1 2023  Egide SA intends to maintain a similar level of revenue in H2 2023.Egide  the worldwide hermetic packages specialist   presents its H1 2023 revenue.1. H1 2023 revenue of Egide SA up 13% to €8.6mIn the first half of 2023  Egide SA reported unaudited sales of €8.6 million  up 13% compared to the first half of 2022 and up 10% on the second half of 2022.This growth is mainly driven by faster order processing  shortened manufacturing lead times and improvement of customer service.Egide SAIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023* Var. % Egide SA 7.64 8.62 + 13%* unauditedRevenue by applicationAll market segments are growing  except for RF  where variation in absolute figures is not significant. The growth in Egide SA's business is mainly due to the thermal imaging markets (+1M€)  where Egide's know-how is recognized worldwide.Egide SAIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % Therm imaging. 5.42 6.44 +18.9% Power 0.05 0.13 +163.3% Optronics 0.76 0.80 +5.7% RF 0.96 0.77 -19.8% Other 0.45 0.48 +5.9% Egide SA 7.64 8.62 +12.9%* UnauditedRevenue by geographical areaGrowth in Egide SA's business was driven by expansion in Europe (+€0.9M)  with growth of several French customers  and in the USA (+€0.3M).The Middle East remains strong.Egide SAIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % USA 0.10 0.35 +254.5% Europe 4.22 5.07 +20.2% Asia & ROW 3.32 3.20 -3.7% Egide SA 7.64 8.62 +12.9%* unaudited2. Growth of 26% of US subsidiaries (for sale)In the first half of 2023  the US subsidiaries (for sale) reported revenues of €10.6 million  up 26% compared to H1 2022.At constant exchange rates  sales growth was 24%  with a favorable currency effect of 2%.US SubsidiariesIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023* Var. % Var. %**based on constant $. Egide USA 4.25 6.35 +49% +47% Santier 4.13 4.22 +2% +1% US Subsidiaries 8.38 10.57 +26 % +24%* unaudited ** in constant $This increase in revenue of the US subsidiaries in H1 2023 compared to H1 2022 is all the more significant that in the previous year  the US subsidiaries lost 9.8% of sales in the first half compared with 2021.The growth in Egide USA's business is primarily due to improved operating performance. The facility is operational again after all the difficulties with workforce  training  qualification and quality  which were explained in previous communications. Furthermore  the sales backlog remains strong.Santier's activity remains stable.Revenue by applicationAll market segments are growing. The €2.2M revenue growth is mainly due to optronics (+€0.7M)  power (+€0.6M) and thermal imaging (+€0.6M) markets.US subsidiariesIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % Therm imaging. 0.49 1.04 +111% Power 2.97 3.55 +19% Optronics 1.43 2.12 +49% Microwave/RF 1.95 2.07 +6% Other 1.54 1.80 +16% US subsidiaries 8.38 10.57 +26%* UnauditedRevenue by geographical areaBusiness growth at the US units was driven by the booming US market (+€2.6m).US subsidiariesIn million Euros H1 2022 H1 2023 * Var. % USA 6.82 9.37 37% Europe 0.36 0.48 35% Asia & ROW 1.20 0.72 -40% US subsidiaries 8.38 10.57 26%* Unaudited3. OUTLOOK FOR 2023Driven by strong sales momentum across all products in H1 2023  Egide SA intends to maintain a similar level of revenue in H2 2023.In addition  the improved performance of the US subsidiaries is a positive event for the on-going discussions with potential buyers. Additional measures to improve the performance are being implemented.FINANCIAL CALENDARPress Release 2023 Half-year results: October 26  2023CONTACTSEGIDE –Philippe Bringuier – General Manager & Chief Financial Officer - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – pbringuier@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Isabelle Aprile – Press Relations - +33 1 39 97 61 22 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.19,0.44,True,English,"['2023 H1 sales', 'Egide', 'worldwide hermetic packages specialist', 'faster order processing', 'several French customers', 'The Middle East', 'favorable currency effect', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'strong technology barriers', 'cutting edge markets', 'manufacturing lead times', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'critical industry segments', 'strong sales momentum', 'constant exchange rates', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'booming US market', 'thermal imaging markets', '€2.2M revenue growth', 'Egide SA sales', '6M) markets', 'market segments', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'manufacturing bases', 'sales backlog', 'market niche', 'Therm imaging', 'US subsidiaries', 'US units', 'Bollène', 'Press Release', '1ST Half-Year', 'similar level', 'first half', 'second half', 'customer service', 'million Euros', 'absolute figures', 'geographical area', 'previous year', 'previous communications', 'positive event', 'going discussions', 'potential buyers', 'Additional measures', '2023 Half-year results', 'Philippe Bringuier', 'General Manager', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'pure player', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'ALGID Attachment', 'sales growth', 'unaudited sales', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'Growing business', 'operating performance', 'Egide USA', 'Power Units', 'Var. % USA', '26% growth revenue', 'Business growth', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'constant $', 'France', 'July', '06:00pm', 'CET', 'Outlook', 'products', 'H2', 'improvement', 'application', 'variation', 'know-how', 'Optronics', 'Other', 'expansion', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'revenues', 'Santier', 'increase', 'facility', 'difficulties', 'workforce', 'training', 'qualification', 'quality', 'activity', '7M', 'Microwave/RF', 'October', 'CONTACTS', 'group', 'EXTENSO', 'date', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'High-Frequency', 'ISIN']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2706970/0/en/ASML-reports-6-9-billion-net-sales-and-1-9-billion-net-income-in-Q2-2023.html,ASML reports €6.9 billion net sales and €1.9 billion net income in Q2 2023,ASML reports €6.9 billion net sales and €1.9 billion net income in Q2 2023Incremental DUV revenue drives expected 2023 sales growth towards 30%  ......,"ASML reports €6.9 billion net sales and €1.9 billion net income in Q2 2023Incremental DUV revenue drives expected 2023 sales growth towards 30%VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  July 19  2023 – Today ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2023 second-quarter results.Q2 net sales of €6.9 billion  gross margin of 51.3%  net income of €1.9 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q2 of €4.5 billion 2 of which €1.6 billion is EUVof which €1.6 billion is EUV ASML expects Q3 2023 net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion and a gross margin of around 50%ASML expects 2023 net sales growth towards 30% compared to 2022(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q1 2023 Q2 2023 Net sales 6 746 6 902 ...of which Installed Base Management sales1 1 404 1 296 New lithography systems sold (units) 96 107 Used lithography systems sold (units) 4 6 Net bookings2 3 752 4 500 Gross profit 3 413 3 544 Gross margin (%) 50.6 51.3 Net income 1 956 1 942 EPS (basic; in euros) 4.96 4.93 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 6 653 6 346(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.comCEO statement and outlook""Our second-quarter net sales came in at €6.9 billion  at the high end of our guidance  with a gross margin of 51.3%  higher than guided  primarily driven by additional DUV immersion revenue in the quarter.""Our customers across different market segments are currently more cautious due to continued macro-economic uncertainties  and therefore expect a later recovery of their markets. Also  the shape of the recovery slope is still unclear. However  our strong backlog of around €38 billion provides us with a good basis to navigate these short-term uncertainties.""We expect third-quarter net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion with a gross margin of around 50%. ASML expects R&D costs of around €1.0 billion and SG&A costs of around €285 million. Due to strong DUV revenue and despite the increased uncertainties  ASML expects strong growth for 2023 with a net sales increase towards 30% and a slight improvement in gross margin  relative to 2022 "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.Update dividend and share buyback programAn interim dividend of €1.45 per ordinary share will be made payable on August 10  2023.In the second quarter we purchased around €500 million worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 share buyback program.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML has published a video interview in which CEO Peter Wennink discusses the 2023 second-quarter results and outlook for 2023. This video and the transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Peter Wennink and CFO Roger Dassen on July 19  2023 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 41 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP and IFRS Financial ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Consolidated Balance Sheets are available on www.asml.com.The Consolidated Balance Sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of July 2  2023  the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the quarter and six-month period ended July 2  2023 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Today  July 19  2023  ASML also published its Statutory Interim Report for the six-month period ended July 2  2023. This report is in accordance with the requirements of the EU Transparency Directive as implemented in the Netherlands  and includes Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements prepared in accordance with IAS 34 as adopted by the European Union 'Interim Financial Reporting'  an Interim Management Report and a Managing Directors' Statement and is available on www.asml.com.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in semiconductor end markets and technology industry and business environment trends  demand  expected utilization and capacity  backlog  inventory levels at customers  bookings and orders  outlook and expected financial results  including expected growth in revenue for 2023  estimated annualized effective tax rate and other full year 2023 expectations  including statements with respect to DUV immersion fast shipments and EUV fast shipments  expected net sales for Q3 2023  including installed base revenue  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs  statements made at our 2022 Investor Day  including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2025 and 2030  statements with respect to export control policy and regulations and expected impact on us  statements with respect to our capital allocation policy  including plans to return significant amounts of cash through growing dividends and buybacks  including the amount of shares intended to be repurchased under the program and the intention to pay an increasing dividend  our ESG sustainability strategy and other non-historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”  “will”  “could”  “should”  “project”  “believe”  “anticipate”  “expect”  “plan”  “estimate”  “forecast”  “potential”  “intend”  “continue”  “target”  “future”  “progress”  “goal” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  economic conditions  product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors  general trends and general consumer confidence in the semiconductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions  including the impact of the current macroeconomic uncertainty on the semiconductor industry  interest rates  geopolitical developments  the risk of a recession  demand for our customers’ products  performance of our systems  the impact of COVID-19 and other pandemics and measures taken to contain them on us  our suppliers  the global economy and financial markets  the impact of the Russian military actions in the Ukraine and measures taken in response on the global economy and global financial markets and other factors that may impact ASML’s financial results  including semiconductor inventory and utilization levels  customer demand  ASML’s ability to obtain parts and components for its products and otherwise meet demand  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  production capacity and our ability to adjust capacity to meet demand  the impact of inflation  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  and the risk of order cancellation or push outs  supply chain capacity and constraints and logistics and constraints on our ability to produce systems to meet demand  trends in the semi-conductor industry  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  availability of raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us  including the impact of recent and expected changes in export regulations  changes in exchange and tax rates  available liquidity and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  results of the share repurchase programs  our ability to meet ESG goals and improve performance on ESG sustainability and upgrade ESG strategy  and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward- looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.19,0.05,0.76,True,English,"['€6.9\xa0billion net sales', '€1.9\xa0billion net income', 'ASML', 'Q2', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'current 2022-2025 share buyback program', 'Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'The Consolidated Balance Sheets', 'additional DUV immersion revenue', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'CEO Peter Wennink', 'quarterly earnings releases', 'related Consolidated Statements', 'Base Management sales1', 'inflation related adjustments', 'different market segments', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', 'IFRS Financial Reporting', 'field option sales', 'system sales orders', '09:00 US Eastern Time', 'Quarterly net bookings', 'primary accounting standard', '€6.9 billion net sales', 'Q3 2023 net sales', 'third-quarter net sales', 'net sales increase', 'strong DUV revenue', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Quarterly video interview', '€1.9 billion net income', 'ASML Holding NV', '2023 net sales growth', 'second-quarter net sales', 'New lithography systems', 'Q2 net sales', 'ordinary share', 'Peter Cheang', '2023 sales growth', 'strong growth', 'CEO statement', 'Net bookings2', 'net service', 'new limits', 'accounting principles', '2023 second-quarter results', 'strong backlog', 'investor call', 'gross margin', 'Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'high end', 'later recovery', 'recovery slope', 'good basis', 'slight improvement', '€500 million worth', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'press release', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'annual reports', 'United States', 'Cash Flows', 'six-month period', 'macro-economic uncertainties', 'short-term uncertainties', 'Update dividend', 'interim dividend', 'multinational company', 'second quarter', 'groundbreaking technology', 'ASML President', 'EUV ASML', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Today', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'units', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'guidance', 'customers', 'markets', 'shape', 'August', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'transcript', 'July', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Asia', '41,500 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'America']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASML-HOLDING-N-V-12002973/news/ASML-reports-6-9-billion-net-sales-and-1-9-billion-net-income-in-Q2-2023-44363408/,ASML reports 6.9 billion net sales and 1.9 billion net income in Q2 2023,(marketscreener.com) ASML reports €6.9 billion net sales and €1.9 billion net income in Q2 2023Incremental DUV revenue drives expected 2023 sales growth towards 30% VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  July 19  2023 – Today ASML Holding NV has published its 2023 secon…,"ASML reports €6.9 billion net sales and €1.9 billion net income in Q2 2023Incremental DUV revenue drives expected 2023 sales growth towards 30%VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  July 19  2023 – Today ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2023 second-quarter results.Q2 net sales of €6.9 billion  gross margin of 51.3%  net income of €1.9 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q2 of €4.5 billion 2 of which €1.6 billion is EUVof which €1.6 billion is EUV ASML expects Q3 2023 net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion and a gross margin of around 50%ASML expects 2023 net sales growth towards 30% compared to 2022(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q1 2023 Q2 2023 Net sales 6 746 6 902 ...of which Installed Base Management sales1 1 404 1 296 New lithography systems sold (units) 96 107 Used lithography systems sold (units) 4 6 Net bookings2 3 752 4 500 Gross profit 3 413 3 544 Gross margin (%) 50.6 51.3 Net income 1 956 1 942 EPS (basic; in euros) 4.96 4.93 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 6 653 6 346(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.comCEO statement and outlook""Our second-quarter net sales came in at €6.9 billion  at the high end of our guidance  with a gross margin of 51.3%  higher than guided  primarily driven by additional DUV immersion revenue in the quarter.""Our customers across different market segments are currently more cautious due to continued macro-economic uncertainties  and therefore expect a later recovery of their markets. Also  the shape of the recovery slope is still unclear. However  our strong backlog of around €38 billion provides us with a good basis to navigate these short-term uncertainties.""We expect third-quarter net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion with a gross margin of around 50%. ASML expects R&D costs of around €1.0 billion and SG&A costs of around €285 million. Due to strong DUV revenue and despite the increased uncertainties  ASML expects strong growth for 2023 with a net sales increase towards 30% and a slight improvement in gross margin  relative to 2022 "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.Update dividend and share buyback programAn interim dividend of €1.45 per ordinary share will be made payable on August 10  2023.In the second quarter we purchased around €500 million worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 share buyback program.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML has published a video interview in which CEO Peter Wennink discusses the 2023 second-quarter results and outlook for 2023. This video and the transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Peter Wennink and CFO Roger Dassen on July 19  2023 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 41 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP and IFRS Financial ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Consolidated Balance Sheets are available on www.asml.com.The Consolidated Balance Sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of July 2  2023  the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the quarter and six-month period ended July 2  2023 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Today  July 19  2023  ASML also published its Statutory Interim Report for the six-month period ended July 2  2023. This report is in accordance with the requirements of the EU Transparency Directive as implemented in the Netherlands  and includes Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements prepared in accordance with IAS 34 as adopted by the European Union 'Interim Financial Reporting'  an Interim Management Report and a Managing Directors' Statement and is available on www.asml.com.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in semiconductor end markets and technology industry and business environment trends  demand  expected utilization and capacity  backlog  inventory levels at customers  bookings and orders  outlook and expected financial results  including expected growth in revenue for 2023  estimated annualized effective tax rate and other full year 2023 expectations  including statements with respect to DUV immersion fast shipments and EUV fast shipments  expected net sales for Q3 2023  including installed base revenue  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs  statements made at our 2022 Investor Day  including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2025 and 2030  statements with respect to export control policy and regulations and expected impact on us  statements with respect to our capital allocation policy  including plans to return significant amounts of cash through growing dividends and buybacks  including the amount of shares intended to be repurchased under the program and the intention to pay an increasing dividend  our ESG sustainability strategy and other non-historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”  “will”  “could”  “should”  “project”  “believe”  “anticipate”  “expect”  “plan”  “estimate”  “forecast”  “potential”  “intend”  “continue”  “target”  “future”  “progress”  “goal” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  economic conditions  product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors  general trends and general consumer confidence in the semiconductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions  including the impact of the current macroeconomic uncertainty on the semiconductor industry  interest rates  geopolitical developments  the risk of a recession  demand for our customers’ products  performance of our systems  the impact of COVID-19 and other pandemics and measures taken to contain them on us  our suppliers  the global economy and financial markets  the impact of the Russian military actions in the Ukraine and measures taken in response on the global economy and global financial markets and other factors that may impact ASML’s financial results  including semiconductor inventory and utilization levels  customer demand  ASML’s ability to obtain parts and components for its products and otherwise meet demand  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  production capacity and our ability to adjust capacity to meet demand  the impact of inflation  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  and the risk of order cancellation or push outs  supply chain capacity and constraints and logistics and constraints on our ability to produce systems to meet demand  trends in the semi-conductor industry  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  availability of raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us  including the impact of recent and expected changes in export regulations  changes in exchange and tax rates  available liquidity and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  results of the share repurchase programs  our ability to meet ESG goals and improve performance on ESG sustainability and upgrade ESG strategy  and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward- looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.19,0.05,0.76,True,English,"['6.9\xa0billion net sales', '1.9\xa0billion net income', 'ASML', 'Q2', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'current 2022-2025 share buyback program', 'Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'The Consolidated Balance Sheets', 'additional DUV immersion revenue', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'CEO Peter Wennink', 'quarterly earnings releases', 'related Consolidated Statements', 'Base Management sales1', 'inflation related adjustments', 'different market segments', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', 'IFRS Financial Reporting', 'field option sales', 'system sales orders', '09:00 US Eastern Time', 'Quarterly net bookings', 'primary accounting standard', '€6.9 billion net sales', 'Q3 2023 net sales', 'third-quarter net sales', 'net sales increase', 'strong DUV revenue', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Quarterly video interview', '€1.9 billion net income', 'ASML Holding NV', '2023 net sales growth', 'second-quarter net sales', 'New lithography systems', 'Q2 net sales', 'ordinary share', 'Peter Cheang', '2023 sales growth', 'strong growth', 'CEO statement', 'Net bookings2', 'net service', 'new limits', 'accounting principles', '2023 second-quarter results', 'strong backlog', 'investor call', 'gross margin', 'Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'high end', 'later recovery', 'recovery slope', 'good basis', 'slight improvement', '€500 million worth', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'press release', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'annual reports', 'United States', 'Cash Flows', 'six-month period', 'macro-economic uncertainties', 'short-term uncertainties', 'Update dividend', 'interim dividend', 'multinational company', 'second quarter', 'groundbreaking technology', 'ASML President', 'EUV ASML', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Today', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'units', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'guidance', 'customers', 'markets', 'shape', 'August', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'transcript', 'July', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Asia', '41,500 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'America']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/2023-first-half-year-results-confirm-ARGAN-s-operating-excellence-at-the-start-of-a-new-cycle-44370514/,2023 first half-year results confirm ARGAN's operating excellence at the start of a new cycle,(marketscreener.com)          Half-year results – Wednesday July 19  2023 – 17:45 2023 first half-year results confirm ARGAN’s operating excellence at the start of a new cycle Net Recurring Income: €63 million  up +8%  NAV EPRA NTA per share: €78.1 2023 updat…,Half-year results – Wednesday July 19  2023 – 17:45202 3 first half-year results confirm A RGAN ’soperating excellence at the start of a new cycleNet Recurring Income : € 63 million   up + 8 %NAV EPRA NTA per share : € 78 . 1 2023 updated yearly targets 1 : Rental income revised upwards to €183m (+10% vs. 2022) Recurring net income confirmed at € 12 4 m (+ 4 % vs. 2022) Dividend per share raised to € 3 . 15 € * (+5% vs. 2022) Strategic plan confirmed : Sustained growth over the 2023-2024 period Structurally strong debt reductionKey figures for the first half of 2023:Consolidated income statement June 30  2023 June 30  2022 Change Rental income €90.9m €81.7m +11% Net Recurring Income – group share €62.8m €58.2m +8% Net Recurring Income per share €2.73** €2.56 +7% Valuation indicators June 30  2023 Dec. 31  2022 Change Value of the portfolio (excl. duties) €3.64Bn €3 94Bn -8% NAV EPRA NTA per share €78.1*** €92.9 - 16% NAV EPRA NRV per share €89.3*** €104.8 - 15% NAV EPRA NDV per share €85.3*** €94.2 - 9%Debtindicators June 30  2023 Dec. 31  2022 Change EPRALTV 49% 45% +400 bps EPRA LTV (incl. duties) 46% 43% +300 bps Cost of debt 2.1% 1.5% +60 bps* Subject to approval during the Shareholders Annual Meeting of March 21  2024** Calculated on the weighted average number of shares of 22 999 955*** Calculated on the number of shares at the end of June 2023 of 23 079 697On July 12  2023  the Executive Board of ARGAN approved the half-year consolidated financial statement at end-June 2023.2023 yearly targets updated thusillustratingGroup confidenceand the soundness of its business model:Based on the first half-year 2023 solid performance and taking into accountan occupancy rate standing at 100%in a rental marketwith very little availability ARGANis updating its targetsfor 2023 and is nowaiming for:Indicators 2023 targets Full-year2022 Changevs 2022 Rental income (revised upwards) €183m €166m +10% Recurring net income (confirmed) €124m €119m +4% Dividend per share (raised) €3.15 €3.0 +5%Strong growth momentumSignificant rise in rental income: +11% in the first half-year of 2023In the first half-year  ARGAN pursued its growth with rental incomeup a steep +11% to€90.9m. This increase was mainly the result of the full-year effect of rents coming from the developments in 2022  rents of the warehouses delivered during the first half-year of 2023  as well as the indexation that took place onJanuary 1  2023 (+4% on average).A record development pipeline of over €300mFor the 2023-2024 period  ARGAN is projecting to deliver 255 000 sq.m in total  with:For 2023 : four new development projects and one extension  representing an investment volume of €135 million for 100 000 sq.m in new spaces. These include the 38 000 sq.m logistics warehouse delivered in March to BUT in Janneyrias (38)  as well as the logistics warehouse extension in La Crèche (79) to be delivered in December to EURIAL (for two new negative cold cells for additional 12 400 sq.m). All these projects are already financed through amortizing mortgage loans that were taken out in 2022  before interest rates rose;four new development projects and one extension  representing an investment volume of €135 million for 100 000 sq.m in new spaces. These include the 38 000 sq.m logistics warehouse delivered in March to BUT in Janneyrias (38)  as well as the logistics warehouse extension in La Crèche (79) to be delivered in December to EURIAL (for two new negative cold cells for additional 12 400 sq.m). All these projects are already financed through amortizing mortgage loans that were taken out in 2022  before interest rates rose; For 2024: the very strong business momentum recorded in the first half of this year has already helped secure development projects representing a volume of over €175m for more than 155 000 sq.m of spaces. These include the extension of the fulfilment hub in Bruguières (31) leased to GEODIS  which will increase the site’s size to 13 400 sq.m. Half of investment amounts is already financed through amortizing mortgage loans and the other half should come from the sale of warehouses at the end of 2024 or early 2025  depending on market conditions.A solid financial performance drivenby Premium assets and tight control over the debtOngoing increase of the recurring net income:up +8%The Group share recurring netincomewas up +8%  to€62.8million as at June 30  2023  i.e.  69% of rental income for the period.Including the mechanical effect arising from portfolio fair value variationin an amount of -€332.6million –on a backdrop of rising capitalisation rates – the Group share net incomestood at -€267.0million in the first six months of the year.Premium assetsvalued€3.64billionat the end of June 2023 with a5.0%capitalisationrate excluding dutiesThe delivered portfolio (excluding properties under development) represented 3 520 000 sq.mas at June 30  2023. Its valuationstood at€3.64billionexcluding transfer duties (€3.85 billionincluding duties). The decrease in valuation compared with December 31  2022  was driven by the rise in capitalisationrates over the same period: these rose from 4.45% to 5.0% excluding transfer duties  i.e.  4.75% including transfer duties compared to Prime rates at 4.5% (Source: CBRE).The averagefixed-term residual leaseremained stable at 5.5years at June 30  2023 with a portfolio weighted average ageof 10.8years.Debt under tight controlamidrising interest ratesGross financial debt was virtually stable compared with December 2022 and thus stood at €2.0 billion. At €1.8 billion  net debt recorded at the end of June 2023 leads to a netLTVratio (net financial debt/appraised value excluding transfer duties) that rose to 49%  reflecting the decrease in assets valuation.At June 30  2023  the average rate of the cost of debt remained lowat 2.1%  compared with 1.5% atDecember 31  2022  for a maturity of5.9years.ARGAN manages to contain the impact of rising interest rates on the cost of its debt thanks to the use of long term financing  with rates that are either fixed or hedged. As a matter of fact  the Group’s debt is made of:5 8 % of fixed-rate loans ;3 0 % of hedged variable-rate loans   with hedging instruments that  for the most part  are activated when the 3-month Euribor crosses 1.5%;  with hedging instruments that  for the most part  are activated when the 3-month Euribor crosses 1.5%; Only12% of variable rates.Moreover  and as planned  ARGAN repaid  on July 4  2023  its bond in an amount of€130 million that was issued in June 2017 at fixed rate of 3.25%. This repayment was made without refinancing needs. The Group’s debtis mainly made of mortgage loans (69% of our debt as at June 30  2023) which means it is being amortized byaround €100 millioneachyear.As a consequence – and despite the current environment of strong rise in interest rates since the first half of 2022 – ARGAN is not expecting a significant rise in its cost of debt. This cost should indeed stand at around 2.4% for 2023 based on a 3-month Euribor rate of 3.5% for the full year. This scenario is included in the sensitivity table here below.C ost of debt should stand at 2.4% for an average Euribor of 3. 5 % over 2023Euribor 2023 2024 2025 3.0% 2.2% 2.2% 2.1% 3.5% 2.4% 2.3% 2.3% 4.0% 2.5% 2.4% 2.4% 4.5% 2.7% 2.6% 2.5%An LTV ratio well under Group’s covenantAdditionally  even when assuming a capitalisation rate of 5.5% at the end of 2023  our LTV ratio should remain well under our covenant (for bonds) of 65%. This means the LTV ratio trajectory for 2030 would remain consistent with a level at or under 35%.Capirates(exc. duties) 2023 2024 2025 4.5% 45% 42% 38% 5.0% 50% 46% 42% 5.5% 55% 51% 46% 6.0% 59% 55% 50%NAV EPRA of continuation (NTA) at €78 per shareThe NRV (reconstitution NAV) stood at €89.3 per share at June 30  2023 (-15% over six months).The NTA (continuation NAV) stoodat€78.1per shareat June 30  2023 (-16% over six months).The NDV (liquidation NAV) stood at €85.3 per share at June 30  2023 (-9% over six months).Compared with December 31  2022  the significant decreaseof€14.8for the EPRA NTA NAV per share mainly comes from the earnings per share (+€2 7)  the change in value of the assets (-€14.3)  the dividend cash payment (-€2.7) as well as in shares (-€0.4).We confirm our strategic planthat fits the new economic cycleAt the start of a new cycle characterized by higher interest rates  ARGANreiterates itsfull commitment toroll out its strategic plantocreate lasting value. Note that this plan has two pillars:An ongoing sustained growth pace :Growth in rental income will be strong in 2023 with a +10% increase to € 183 million . This comes from the indexation effect (+4% on average on our leases)  the full year impact of our investments made in 2022 and our 2023 investments  as well as an occupancy rate back to 100%.This comes from the indexation effect (+4% on average on our leases)  the full year impact of our investments made in 2022 and our 2023 investments  as well as an occupancy rate back to 100%. The growth in rental income will then stay at a sustained pace . Indeed  ARGANis now more specifically anticipating an average annual growth rate in its rental income of close to +10%over the 2023-2024period based on its current perimeter.A structurally strong debt reduction :In an economic cycle with a high cost of debt  A RGAN has decided to no longer issue debt to finance its development   all while repaying its amortizing mortgage loans for € 100 million per year .This policy allows us to target by 2030 an LTV ratio standing between 25% for a capitalisation rate (excluding duties) of 4 . 5%  and 35% for a capitalisation rate (excluding duties) of 6% . Moreover  t he net debt on EBITDA ratio should stand at 7x.To finance our new developments with no new debt issuance   we ha ve two options : Self - financing   by selling targeted assets by the end of 2024 or early 2025 de pending on market conditions . This virtuous and value-creative policy will result in selling assets with moderate capitalisation rates to  in turn  develop warehouses with more favourable capitalisation rates and a low carbon footprint; Third party investments   by offering to a small pool of investors to provide funding in a dedicated financial vehicle   which will remain controlled by A RGAN . This second option  currently under review  would help us both maintain a sustained pace of growth and decrease the debt of our real estate company.Moreover   A RGAN is still pursuing an ambitious ESG policyAfter we presented all actions that were rolled out from 2018 to 2021 in our ESG report released in September 2022  we are now actively preparing a complete update of our ESG strategy for a release to ta k e place next O ctob er in a dedicated report . Our Group will more particularly present its low carbon trajectory and detail the trends for specific indicators over several years .. Our Group will more particularly present its and . A RGAN is also still deploying its determined approach to a low carbon footprint by :Rolling out Autonom © – the warehouse that generates its own green energy for all new projects ; Bann ing for existing warehouses   by 2030  all gas heating (3.5 times more carbon intensive than electricity) thanks to the deployment of heat pumps ; Systematically using Centralized Technical Management Systems that help more particularly control lighting and heating infrastructure  and thus reduce by 10% energy consumption .:Financial calendar 2023 (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)October 2: 2023 3rd quarter salesFinancial calendar 2024January 3: 2023 Annual SalesJanuary 18: Annual Results 2023March 21: Annual General MeetingAbout ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT.As at June 30  2023  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sq.m  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €3.6 billion. ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC) on Compartment A of Euronext Paris(ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli– CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlene Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59422935E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comConsolidated income statement (IFRS)In €m June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) June 30  2023(6 months) Rental income 81.7 166.1 90.9 Rebilling of rental charges and taxes 24.2 28.6 28.3 Rental charges and taxes -25.5 -30.4 -29.0 Other property income 1.6 3.2 1.6 Other property expenses -0.3 -0.4 -0.1 Net property income 81.7 167.1 91.7 EBITDA (Current Operating Income) 73.0 150.5 85.3 Including impact of IFRS 16 1.3 2.8 1.5 Change in fair value of the portfolio 265.9 -31.8 -331.4 Change in fair value IFRS 16 -1.1 -1.2 -1.2 Other operating expenses -0.5 -0.5 - Income from disposals -0.1 -0.2 -0.2 EBITDA  after value adjustments (FV) 337.1 116.8 -247.5 Income from cash and equivalentsCost of gross financial debtInterest on IFRS 16 lease liabilitiesBorrowing costsChange in fair value of hedging instruments0.1 0.6-28.4-1.7- 4.1- 0.91.4 -13.0 -20.2 -0.8 -0.9 -2.1 -1.9 -0.5 -0.2 Early repayment penalties -6.5 - 6.5 - Income before tax 314.4 75.8 -269.3 Other financial expenses 8.7 19.2 -0.2 Tax - - - Share of profit of equity-accounted companies - - - Consolidated net incomeNet income - group share323.1 94.995.1-269.5 321.7 -267.0 Diluted earnings per share (€) 14.2 4.2 -11.6Recurring net incomeIn €m June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) June 30  2023(6 months) Consolidated net income 323.1 94.9 -269.5 Change in fair value of hedging instruments 0.5 0.9 0.2 Change in fair value of the portfolio -265.9 31.8 331.4 Income from disposals 0.1 0.2 0.2 Other financial expenses -8.7 - 19.2 0.2 Tax - - - Share of profit of equity-accounted companies - - - Early repayment penalties 6.5 6.5 - Allocation of free shares 1.8 3.8 - Other operating expenses non-recurring 0.5 0.5 - Impact of IFRS 16 0.5 0.1 0.6 Recurring net Income 58.4 119.5 63.1 Recurring net Income -group share 58.2 119.2 62.8 Recurring net income per share (€) 2.6 5.2 2.7Simplified consolidated balance sheetIn €m June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) June 30  2023(6 months) Non-current assets 4 243.4 4 159.6 3 909.1 Current assets 327.0 256.8 270.6 Assets held for sale - 22.8 - Total Assets 4 570.5 4 439.3 4 179.7 Shareholders’ equity 2 432.8 2 217.5 1 888.0 Minorities 39.2 37.6 35.1 Non-current liabilities 1 895.6 1 831.3 1 873.0 Current liabilities 202.8 343.0 383.6 Liabilities classified as held for sale - 9.8 - Total Liabilities 4 570.5 4 439.3 4 179.7NAV EPRADecember 31  2022 June 30  2023 NRV NTA NDV NRV NTA NDV Shareholders’ equity (in €m)Shareholders’ equity (in €/share) 2 217.596.6 2 217.596.6 2 217.596.6 1 888.081.8 1 888.081.8 1 888.081.8 + Fair value of financial instruments (in €m) -30.8 -30.8 - -30.1 -30.1 - - Goodwill in the balance sheet (in €m) - - 55.6 - 55.6 - - 55.6 - 55.6 + Fair value of fixed-rate debt (in €m) - - - - - +136.8 + Transfer taxes (in €m) 219.7 - - 203.9 - - = NAV (in €m)= NAV (in €/share) 2 406.4104.8 2 131.192.9 2 161.994.2 2 061.989.3 1 802.378.1 1 969.185.31 For more information  please refer the press release published on January 19  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.9,0.08,0.02,True,English,"['2023 first half-year results', 'operating excellence', 'new cycle', 'ARGAN', 'start', 'two new negative cold cells', 'half-year consolidated financial statement', 'portfolio fair value variationin', 'four new development projects', '38,000 sq.m logistics warehouse', 'first half-year 2023 solid performance', 'Group share net incomestood', 'solid financial performance', 'Consolidated income statement', 'logistics warehouse extension', 'Shareholders Annual Meeting', 'accountan occupancy rate', 'La Crèche', 'NAV EPRA NTA', 'NAV EPRA NRV', 'NAV EPRA NDV', 'record development pipeline', 'Net Recurring Income', 'Recurring net income', 'strong business momentum', 'first six months', 'rising capitalisation rates', '202 3 first half-year results', 'strong debt reduction', 'Strong growth momentum', 'The Group share', 'Change Rental income', 'new cycle', 'Change Value', 'new spaces', 'recurring netincomewas', '2022 Rental income', 'EPRA LTV', 'business model', 'interest rates', 'Change EPRALTV', 'Full-year2022 Change', 'one extension', 'rental marketwith', 'rental incomeup', 'operating excellence', 'yearly targets', 'Strategic plan', 'Key figures', 'Executive Board', 'little availability', 'Significant rise', 'full-year effect', 'mortgage loans', 'fulfilment hub', 'Bruguières', 'investment amounts', 'market conditions', 'Premium assets', 'tight control', 'mechanical effect', 'other half', '2023-2024 period', 'investment volume', 'Valuation indicators', 'Ongoing increase', 'transfer duties', 'average number', '255,000 sq', '100,000 sq', '12,400 sq', '155,000 sq', '13,400 sq', '3,520,000 sq', 'Wednesday', 'start', 'Dividend', 'June', 'Debtindicators', 'Cost', 'approval', 'March', 'shares', 'July', 'ARGAN', 'confidenceand', 'soundness', 'targetsfor', 'steep', 'rents', 'developments', 'warehouses', 'indexation', 'place', 'January', 'total', 'BUT', 'Janneyrias', 'December', 'EURIAL', 'additional', 'GEODIS', 'site', 'size', 'amortizing', 'sale', 'backdrop', '5.0%capitalisationrate', 'properties', 'decrease']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,marketscreener.com
27991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/19/2707523/0/en/2023-first-half-year-results-confirm-ARGAN-s-operating-excellence-at-the-start-of-a-new-cycle.html,2023 first half-year results confirm ARGAN’s operating excellence at the start of a new cycle,Half-year results – Wednesday July 19  2023 – 17:45           2023 first half-year results confirm ARGAN’s operating excellence at the start of...,French EnglishHalf-year results – Wednesday July 19  2023 – 17:45202 3 first half-year results confirm A RGAN ’soperating excellence at the start of a new cycleNet Recurring Income : € 63 million   up + 8 %NAV EPRA NTA per share : € 78 . 1 2023 updated yearly targets 1 : Rental income revised upwards to €183m (+10% vs. 2022) Recurring net income confirmed at € 12 4 m (+ 4 % vs. 2022) Dividend per share raised to € 3 . 15 € * (+5% vs. 2022) Strategic plan confirmed : Sustained growth over the 2023-2024 period Structurally strong debt reductionKey figures for the first half of 2023:Consolidated income statement June 30  2023 June 30  2022 Change Rental income €90.9m €81.7m +11% Net Recurring Income – group share €62.8m €58.2m +8% Net Recurring Income per share €2.73** €2.56 +7% Valuation indicators June 30  2023 Dec. 31  2022 Change Value of the portfolio (excl. duties) €3.64Bn €3 94Bn - 8% NAV EPRA NTA per share €78.1*** €92.9 - 16% NAV EPRA NRV per share €89.3*** €104.8 - 15% NAV EPRA NDV per share €85.3*** €94.2 - 9%Debt indicators June 30  2023 Dec. 31  2022 Change EPRA LTV 49% 45% +400 bps EPRA LTV (incl. duties) 46% 43% +300 bps Cost of debt 2.1% 1.5% +60 bps* Subject to approval during the Shareholders Annual Meeting of March 21  2024** Calculated on the weighted average number of shares of 22 999 955*** Calculated on the number of shares at the end of June 2023 of 23 079 697On July 12  2023  the Executive Board of ARGAN approved the half-year consolidated financial statement at end-June 2023.2023 yearly targets updated  thus illustrating Group confidence and the soundness of its business model:Based on the first half-year 2023 solid performance  and taking into account an occupancy rate standing at 100% in a rental market with very little availability  ARGAN is updating its targets for 2023 and is nowaiming for:Indicators 2023 targets Full-year 2022 Changevs 2022 Rental income (revised upwards) €183m €166m +10% Recurring net income (confirmed) €124m €119m +4% Dividend per share (raised) €3.15 €3.0 +5%Strong growth momentumSignificant rise in rental income: +11% in the first half-year of 2023In the first half-year  ARGAN pursued its growth with rental income up a steep +11% to €90.9m. This increase was mainly the result of the full-year effect of rents coming from the developments in 2022  rents of the warehouses delivered during the first half-year of 2023  as well as the indexation that took place onJanuary 1  2023 (+4% on average).A record development pipeline of over €300mFor the 2023-2024 period  ARGAN is projecting to deliver 255 000 sq.m in total  with:For 2023 : four new development projects and one extension  representing an investment volume of €135 million for 100 000 sq.m in new spaces. These include the 38 000 sq.m logistics warehouse delivered in March to BUT in Janneyrias (38)  as well as the logistics warehouse extension in La Crèche (79) to be delivered in December to EURIAL (for two new negative cold cells for additional 12 400 sq.m). All these projects are already financed through amortizing mortgage loans that were taken out in 2022  before interest rates rose;four new development projects and one extension  representing an investment volume of €135 million for 100 000 sq.m in new spaces. These include the 38 000 sq.m logistics warehouse delivered in March to BUT in Janneyrias (38)  as well as the logistics warehouse extension in La Crèche (79) to be delivered in December to EURIAL (for two new negative cold cells for additional 12 400 sq.m). All these projects are already financed through amortizing mortgage loans that were taken out in 2022  before interest rates rose; For 2024: the very strong business momentum recorded in the first half of this year has already helped secure development projects representing a volume of over €175m for more than 155 000 sq.m of spaces. These include the extension of the fulfilment hub in Bruguières (31) leased to GEODIS  which will increase the site’s size to 13 400 sq.m. Half of investment amounts is already financed through amortizing mortgage loans and the other half should come from the sale of warehouses at the end of 2024 or early 2025  depending on market conditions.A solid financial performance drivenby Premium assets and tight control over the debtOngoing increase of the recurring net income: up +8%The Group share recurring net income was up +8%  to €62.8 million as at June 30  2023  i.e.  69% of rental income for the period.Including the mechanical effect arising from portfolio fair value variation in an amount of -€332.6 million – on a backdrop of rising capitalisation rates – the Group share net income stood at -€267.0 million in the first six months of the year.Premium assets valued €3.64 billion at the end of June 2023 with a 5.0% capitalisation rate excluding dutiesThe delivered portfolio (excluding properties under development) represented 3 520 000 sq.m as at June 30  2023. Its valuation stood at €3.64 billion excluding transfer duties (€3.85 billion including duties). The decrease in valuation compared with December 31  2022  was driven by the rise in capitalisation rates over the same period: these rose from 4.45% to 5.0% excluding transfer duties  i.e.  4.75% including transfer duties compared to Prime rates at 4.5% (Source: CBRE).The average fixed-term residual lease remained stable at 5.5 years at June 30  2023 with a portfolio weighted average age of 10.8 years.Debt under tight control amid rising interest ratesGross financial debt was virtually stable compared with December 2022 and thus stood at €2.0 billion. At €1.8 billion  net debt recorded at the end of June 2023 leads to a net LTV ratio (net financial debt/appraised value excluding transfer duties) that rose to 49%  reflecting the decrease in assets valuation.At June 30  2023  the average rate of the cost of debt remained low at 2.1%  compared with 1.5% atDecember 31  2022  for a maturity of 5.9 years.ARGAN manages to contain the impact of rising interest rates on the cost of its debt thanks to the use of long term financing  with rates that are either fixed or hedged. As a matter of fact  the Group’s debt is made of:5 8 % of fixed-rate loans ;3 0 % of hedged variable-rate loans   with hedging instruments that  for the most part  are activated when the 3-month Euribor crosses 1.5%;  with hedging instruments that  for the most part  are activated when the 3-month Euribor crosses 1.5%; Only 12% of variable rates.Moreover  and as planned  ARGAN repaid  on July 4  2023  its bond in an amount of €130 million that was issued in June 2017 at fixed rate of 3.25%. This repayment was made without refinancing needs. The Group’s debt is mainly made of mortgage loans (69% of our debt as at June 30  2023)  which means it is being amortized by around €100 million each year.As a consequence – and despite the current environment of strong rise in interest rates since the first half of 2022 – ARGAN is not expecting a significant rise in its cost of debt. This cost should indeed stand at around 2.4% for 2023 based on a 3-month Euribor rate of 3.5% for the full year. This scenario is included in the sensitivity table here below.C ost of debt should stand at 2.4% for an average Euribor of 3. 5 % over 2023Euribor 2023 2024 2025 3.0% 2.2% 2.2% 2.1% 3.5% 2.4% 2.3% 2.3% 4.0% 2.5% 2.4% 2.4% 4.5% 2.7% 2.6% 2.5%An LTV ratio well under Group’s covenantAdditionally  even when assuming a capitalisation rate of 5.5% at the end of 2023  our LTV ratio should remain well under our covenant (for bonds) of 65%. This means the LTV ratio trajectory for 2030 would remain consistent with a level at or under 35%.Capirates(exc. duties) 2023 2024 2025 4.5% 45% 42% 38% 5.0% 50% 46% 42% 5.5% 55% 51% 46% 6.0% 59% 55% 50%NAV EPRA of continuation (NTA) at €78 per shareThe NRV (reconstitution NAV) stood at €89.3 per share at June 30  2023 (-15% over six months).The NTA (continuation NAV) stood at €78.1 per share at June 30  2023 (-16% over six months).The NDV (liquidation NAV) stood at €85.3 per share at June 30  2023 (-9% over six months).Compared with December 31  2022  the significant decrease of €14.8 for the EPRA NTA NAV per share mainly comes from the earnings per share (+€2 7)  the change in value of the assets (-€14.3)  the dividend cash payment (-€2.7) as well as in shares (-€0.4).We confirm our strategic planthat fits the new economic cycleAt the start of a new cycle characterized by higher interest rates  ARGAN reiterates its full commitment to roll out its strategic plan to create lasting value. Note that this plan has two pillars:An ongoing sustained growth pace :Growth in rental income will be strong in 2023 with a +10% increase to € 183 million . This comes from the indexation effect (+4% on average on our leases)  the full year impact of our investments made in 2022 and our 2023 investments  as well as an occupancy rate back to 100%.This comes from the indexation effect (+4% on average on our leases)  the full year impact of our investments made in 2022 and our 2023 investments  as well as an occupancy rate back to 100%. The growth in rental income will then stay at a sustained pace . Indeed  ARGAN is now more specifically anticipating an average annual growth rate in its rental income of close to +10% over the 2023-2024 period based on its current perimeter.A structurally strong debt reduction :In an economic cycle with a high cost of debt  A RGAN has decided to no longer issue debt to finance its development   all while repaying its amortizing mortgage loans for € 100 million per year .This policy allows us to target by 2030 an LTV ratio standing between 25% for a capitalisation rate (excluding duties) of 4 . 5%  and 35% for a capitalisation rate (excluding duties) of 6% . Moreover  t he net debt on EBITDA ratio should stand at 7x.To finance our new developments with no new debt issuance   we ha ve two options : Self - financing   by selling targeted assets by the end of 2024 or early 2025 de pending on market conditions . This virtuous and value-creative policy will result in selling assets with moderate capitalisation rates to  in turn  develop warehouses with more favourable capitalisation rates and a low carbon footprint; Third party investments   by offering to a small pool of investors to provide funding in a dedicated financial vehicle   which will remain controlled by A RGAN . This second option  currently under review  would help us both maintain a sustained pace of growth and decrease the debt of our real estate company.Moreover   A RGAN is still pursuing an ambitious ESG policyAfter we presented all actions that were rolled out from 2018 to 2021 in our ESG report released in September 2022  we are now actively preparing a complete update of our ESG strategy for a release to ta k e place next O ctob er in a dedicated report . Our Group will more particularly present its low carbon trajectory and detail the trends for specific indicators over several years .. Our Group will more particularly present its and . A RGAN is also still deploying its determined approach to a low carbon footprint by :Rolling out Autonom © – the warehouse that generates its own green energy for all new projects ; Bann ing for existing warehouses   by 2030  all gas heating (3.5 times more carbon intensive than electricity) thanks to the deployment of heat pumps ; Systematically using Centralized Technical Management Systems that help more particularly control lighting and heating infrastructure  and thus reduce by 10% energy consumption .:Financial calendar 2023 (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)October 2: 2023 3rd quarter salesFinancial calendar 2024January 3: 2023 Annual SalesJanuary 18: Annual Results 2023March 21: Annual General MeetingAbout ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT.As at June 30  2023  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sq.m  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €3.6 billion. ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC) on Compartment A of Euronext Paris(ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlene Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comConsolidated income statement (IFRS)In €m June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) June 30  2023(6 months) Rental income 81.7 166.1 90.9 Rebilling of rental charges and taxes 24.2 28.6 28.3 Rental charges and taxes -25.5 -30.4 -29.0 Other property income 1.6 3.2 1.6 Other property expenses -0.3 -0.4 -0.1 Net property income 81.7 167.1 91.7 EBITDA (Current Operating Income) 73.0 150.5 85.3 Including impact of IFRS 16 1.3 2.8 1.5 Change in fair value of the portfolio 265.9 -31.8 -331.4 Change in fair value IFRS 16 -1.1 -1.2 -1.2 Other operating expenses -0.5 -0.5 - Income from disposals -0.1 -0.2 -0.2 EBITDA  after value adjustments (FV) 337.1 116.8 -247.5 Income from cash and equivalentsCost of gross financial debtInterest on IFRS 16 lease liabilitiesBorrowing costsChange in fair value of hedging instruments0.1 0.6-28.4-1.7- 4.1- 0.91.4 -13.0 -20.2 -0.8 -0.9 -2.1 -1.9 -0.5 -0.2 Early repayment penalties -6.5 - 6.5 - Income before tax 314.4 75.8 -269.3 Other financial expenses 8.7 19.2 -0.2 Tax - - - Share of profit of equity-accounted companies - - - Consolidated net incomeNet income - group share323.1 94.995.1-269.5 321.7 -267.0 Diluted earnings per share (€) 14.2 4.2 -11.6Recurring net incomeIn €m June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) June 30  2023(6 months) Consolidated net income 323.1 94.9 -269.5 Change in fair value of hedging instruments 0.5 0.9 0.2 Change in fair value of the portfolio -265.9 31.8 331.4 Income from disposals 0.1 0.2 0.2 Other financial expenses -8.7 - 19.2 0.2 Tax - - - Share of profit of equity-accounted companies - - - Early repayment penalties 6.5 6.5 - Allocation of free shares 1.8 3.8 - Other operating expenses non-recurring 0.5 0.5 - Impact of IFRS 16 0.5 0.1 0.6 Recurring net Income 58.4 119.5 63.1 Recurring net Income - group share 58.2 119.2 62.8 Recurring net income per share (€) 2.6 5.2 2.7Simplified consolidated balance sheetIn €m June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) June 30  2023(6 months) Non-current assets 4 243.4 4 159.6 3 909.1 Current assets 327.0 256.8 270.6 Assets held for sale - 22.8 - Total Assets 4 570.5 4 439.3 4 179.7 Shareholders’ equity 2 432.8 2 217.5 1 888.0 Minorities 39.2 37.6 35.1 Non-current liabilities 1 895.6 1 831.3 1 873.0 Current liabilities 202.8 343.0 383.6 Liabilities classified as held for sale - 9.8 - Total Liabilities 4 570.5 4 439.3 4 179.7NAV EPRADecember 31  2022 June 30  2023 NRV NTA NDV NRV NTA NDV Shareholders’ equity (in €m)Shareholders’ equity (in €/share) 2 217.596.6 2 217.596.6 2 217.596.6 1 888.081.8 1 888.081.8 1 888.081.8 + Fair value of financial instruments (in €m) -30.8 -30.8 - -30.1 -30.1 - - Goodwill in the balance sheet (in €m) - - 55.6 - 55.6 - - 55.6 - 55.6 + Fair value of fixed-rate debt (in €m) - - - - - +136.8 + Transfer taxes (in €m) 219.7 - - 203.9 - - = NAV (in €m)= NAV (in €/share) 2 406.4104.8 2 131.192.9 2 161.994.2 2 061.989.3 1 802.378.1 1 969.185.31 For more information  please refer the press release published on January 19  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['2023 first half-year results', 'operating excellence', 'new cycle', 'ARGAN', 'start', 'two new negative cold cells', 'half-year consolidated financial statement', 'portfolio fair value variation', 'four new development projects', '38,000 sq.m logistics warehouse', 'first half-year 2023 solid performance', 'solid financial performance', 'Group share net income', 'Consolidated income statement', 'logistics warehouse extension', 'Shareholders Annual Meeting', 'La Crèche', 'Net Recurring Income', 'Recurring net income', 'NAV EPRA NTA', 'NAV EPRA NRV', 'NAV EPRA NDV', 'record development pipeline', 'strong business momentum', 'first six months', 'Change EPRA LTV', 'rising capitalisation rates', 'strong debt reduction', '202 3 first half-year results', 'amortizing mortgage loans', 'Strong growth momentum', 'Change Rental income', 'Change Value', 'new cycle', 'new spaces', '2022 Rental income', 'Group confidence', 'business model', 'Full-year 2022 Change', '5.0% capitalisation rate', 'interest rates', 'one extension', 'rental market', 'French English', 'operating excellence', 'Strategic plan', 'Key figures', 'Executive Board', 'occupancy rate', 'little availability', 'Significant rise', 'full-year effect', 'fulfilment hub', 'Bruguières', 'investment amounts', 'market conditions', 'Premium assets', 'tight control', 'The Group', 'mechanical effect', 'other half', 'yearly targets', '2023-2024 period', 'Valuation indicators', 'investment volume', 'Ongoing increase', 'Debt indicators', 'transfer duties', 'average number', '255,000 sq', '100,000 sq', '12,400 sq', '155,000 sq', '13,400 sq', '20,000 sq', 'Wednesday', 'start', 'Dividend', 'June', 'Cost', 'approval', 'March', 'shares', 'July', 'ARGAN', 'soundness', 'account', 'steep', 'rents', 'developments', 'warehouses', 'indexation', 'place', 'January', 'total', 'BUT', 'Janneyrias', 'December', 'EURIAL', 'additional', 'GEODIS', 'site', 'size', 'sale', 'backdrop', 'properties', 'decre']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,globenewswire.com
27992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/business-news/business-features/analysts-give-thumbs-up-kering-management-shakeup-shares-rise-1235748309/,Kering Shares Climb on Management Shake-up,Analysts gave the moves the thumbs-up  welcoming the setting in place of a new management structure.,MILAN — Kering’s shares climbed 7.4 percent on Wednesday as analysts welcomed its management shake-up and amid reports that an activist investor might be circling the luxury group.After rising 4.29 percent by early afternoon  shares closed up 7.4 percent at 530.40 euros on the Euronext Paris.As reported  Gucci president and chief executive officer Marco Bizzarri will exit on Sept. 23  after the brand’s first show by creative director Sabato De Sarno  a former Valentino designer who succeeded Alessandro Michele. Yves Saint Laurent CEO Francesca Bellettini was named Kering deputy CEO in charge of brand development.All Kering brand CEOs will now report to Bellettini  who is tasked with steering them in their next stages of growth. Jean-François Palus  currently Kering Group managing director  has been appointed president and CEO of Gucci ad interim. He will relinquish his position on the board of directors of Kering and relocate to Milan until a successor for Bizzarri is named.As such  even though the CEO change may further delay the recovery story of Gucci  we think it at least closes a chapter and will enable the brand to move to the next step of the equity story. Carole Madjo  BarclaysJean-Marc Duplaix  chief financial officer since 2012  also has been appointed a Kering deputy CEO  in charge of operations and finance. Former Chanel global CEO Maureen Chiquet will join the Kering board in September.Kering’s share price increase on Wednesday also was partially driven by a Bloomberg report  quoting sources  that the group was in talks with defense advisers following approaches by activist investors  including Bluebell Capital Partners Ltd. Bluebell last year made a run at Compagnie Financière Richemont SA  seeking for a major shake-up of that luxury group that eventually was soundly defeated. Bluebell reportedly is pushing for a Kering-Richemont merger — although there has been speculation for several years that the two luxury groups were in talks about a deal  which Johann Rupert  Richemont’s chief  has firmly denied.Kering declined to comment on the Bloomberg report.As for the Kering reshuffle  Royal Bank of Canada’s Piral Dadhania wrote in a note that  “We believe Kering’s revised organizational structure and change in leadership roles are a welcome step to further align group talent to better serve the needs of its maisons in our view. We believe this reorganization should be well received by the market.”Marco Bizzarri and Rosie Huntington-Whitely Getty Images for GucciThe bank did not see Bizzarri’s exit as “a big surprise” as it’s been “a topic fairly central to the investor debate for Kering for some time now  and an important step to instil new (albeit transitory) leadership and a fresh perspective at Gucci.”The appointment of a co-deputy CEO structure “makes a lot of sense to us” in light of the “steady hand” of Duplaix “that has contributed invaluably to the group in recent years in our view” and Bellettini’s promotion was seen as “a welcome step” given her “proven track record in brand development.” Her new role is expected to provide her with even greater knowledge across the board  noted Dadhania.In its report  Citibank stated that the executive changes were “well-thought and logical  reinforcing decision-making  governance and succession while showing further determination to transform Gucci.”Upon the announcements a day earlier  François-Henri Pinault  Kering chairman and CEO  said  “We are building a more robust organization to fully capture the growth of the global luxury market.”Luca Solca at Bernstein attributed the shares’ gain mainly to Bizzarri’s exit. “Speculation abounds as to who will be leading the turnaround now… Saint Laurent’s CEO? Chanel’s ex-CEO?”He said that “Kering’s leadership changes aim to elevate the operational expertise at group level. … Some investors were counting on him [Bizzarri] to do it again  while others were asking for a leadership change so the news was not completely unexpected.”Solca believes that what is also “reassuring for investors is that Maureen Chiquet  ex-CEO of Chanel  has been appointed to Kering’s board. She will be instrumental in the elevation strategy of Kering’s brands. All eyes remain on De Sarno’s first fashion show for Gucci in September. The changes increase the risk profile of our OP but we think the risk/reward is still skewed to the upside.”Carole Madjo at Barclays said Bizzarri’s departure could be seen “as a total surprise considering the challenges faced by the brand. As such  even though the CEO change may further delay the recovery story of Gucci  we think it at least closes a chapter and will enable the brand to move to the next step of the equity story. In our view  this transition phase increases the likelihood of a proper margin reset at Gucci to strengthen the brand for the long term (increase in marketing expenses  higher vertical integration…). As of now  Gucci still expects to deliver flattish margins for FY23 and to return to a margin of 41 percent in the midterm.”Francesca Bellettini Courtesy of Francesca BellettiniIn sync with a rumor that has been circulating for a long time in Milan and that sources reiterated on Wednesday  Bellettini is still considered to be “a good fit” to be Gucci’s CEO  given her success as CEO of Saint Laurent  and her new role as deputy CEO seems to point to an overview of Gucci as well.In her report  in addition to Bellettini  Madjo also thinks Chiquet could be “a very interesting profile ” and  looking outside Kering  Barclays points to profiles such as Roberto Eggs  as a potential future CEO for Saint Laurent or Gucci depending on how long the transition will be. Eggs is currently Moncler’s chief business strategy and global markets officer. Palus  “whose mission is to strengthen Gucci’s teams and operations  is relocating to Milan  which could indicate that he may hold this position for a decent period of time ” concluded the report.Kering will release its first half results on July 27 and Barclays expects 4 percent organic growth in the second quarter. The second quarter is expected to be challenging with Gucci posting 5 percent organic growth and Saint Laurent a 7 percent gain  said the bank.A Milan-based analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity said that Bizzarri’s exit at this moment was unexpected and that Gucci’s “change of strategy was tardy  meaning that it was quite clear earlier on that a change in the master plan was necessary for the brand.”Speculation about a possible departure of Bizzarri circulated in Milan around the time Michele exited the brand in November. But in January  Pinault told WWD that Bizzarri would stay put  expressing trust in the executive and confidence in the success of the next chapter.To be sure  sources in Milan said Bizzarri had recently renewed his three-year contract  making his departure now quite sudden.Bizzarri led a textbook turnaround at the Italian luxury brand. With Michele’s gender-fluid  retro-tinged glamor  the size of Gucci tripled since 2015  reaching sales last year of 9.73 billion euros. The designer left suddenly amid disagreement over the future of the brand  sources said at the time.Bizzarri was appointed Gucci president and CEO in December 2014  and he promoted Michele to the top creative spot in 2015  with the goal to make Gucci more directional and the brand’s shows must-sees.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.1,0.62,True,English,"['Kering Shares', 'Management Shake-up', 'Compagnie Financière Richemont SA', 'chief executive officer Marco Bizzarri', 'Bluebell Capital Partners Ltd', 'Yves Saint Laurent CEO', 'All Kering brand CEOs', 'Former Chanel global CEO', 'Kering Group managing director', 'chief financial officer', 'former Valentino designer', 'Jean-François Palus', 'share price increase', 'François-Henri Pinault', 'higher vertical integration', 'two luxury groups', 'Sabato De Sarno', 'global luxury market', 'first fashion show', 'proper margin reset', 'deputy CEO structure', 'Gucci ad interim', 'Kering deputy CEO', 'executive changes', 'first show', 'creative director', 'organizational structure', 'management shake-up', 'activist investor', 'early afternoon', 'Euronext Paris', 'Alessandro Michele', 'next stages', 'recovery story', 'next step', 'equity story', 'Carole Madjo', 'Maureen Chiquet', 'defense advisers', 'major shake-up', 'Kering-Richemont merger', 'several years', 'Johann Rupert', 'leadership roles', 'welcome step', 'group talent', 'Getty Images', 'big surprise', 'investor debate', 'important step', 'transitory) leadership', 'fresh perspective', 'steady hand', 'recent years', 'track record', 'new role', 'greater knowledge', 'robust organization', 'operational expertise', 'group level', 'elevation strategy', 'risk profile', 'total surprise', 'transition phase', 'long term', 'marketing expenses', 'flattish margins', 'CEO change', 'leadership change', 'Kering reshuffle', 'Kering chairman', 'Bloomberg report', 'brand development', 'Francesca Bellettini', 'Jean-Marc Duplaix', 'Royal Bank', 'Piral Dadhania', 'Luca Solca', 'shares’ gain', 'Kering board', 'Gucci president', 'investors', 'Gucci.', 'MILAN', 'Wednesday', 'analysts', 'reports', '530.40 euros', 'Sept.', 'charge', 'growth', 'position', 'directors', 'successor', 'chapter', 'Barclays', 'operations', 'finance', 'September', 'sources', 'talks', 'approaches', 'run', 'speculation', 'deal', 'Canada', 'note', 'needs', 'maisons', 'view', 'reorganization', 'exit', 'topic', 'time', 'appointment', 'lot', 'sense', 'light', 'promotion', 'Citibank', 'decision-making', 'governance', 'succession', 'determination', 'announcements', 'Bernstein', 'turnaround', 'others', 'news', 'brands', 'eyes', 'risk/reward', 'upside', 'departure', 'challenges', 'likelihood', 'FY23', '41 percent', 'midterm', 'Courtesy', '4.29']",2023-07-19,2023-07-20,wwd.com
27993,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fde-record-fy-2023-revenues-194700091.html,FDE: Record FY 2023 Revenues Reaching €39.2 Million (+50% yoy),FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  posted annual revenues of €39.2 million  up by 50% yoy  driven by increased Group’s electricity production capacities and the associated price optimization.,"FY 2026 objectives confirmedProgress on additional growth opportunitiesPONTPIERRE  France  July 20  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  posted annual revenues of €39.2 million  up by 50% yoy  driven by increased Group’s electricity production capacities and the associated price optimization.In Euro millions 2023* 2022 % Change H1 Sales (Jul-Dec) 21.3 9.1 134% H2 sales (Jan-June) 17.9 17.0 5% Annual Revenues 2023 39.2 26.2 50% * Unaudited numbersPower generation activities growing steadily with high visibility already achieved on FY 2024 pricesRevenues related to electricity production almost doubled to €25.6 million (+98% compared to FY2022)  driven by a further increase in the Group's electricity volumes  up by 23% over the year. This financial year benefitted from the commissioning of two additional combined heat and power units in the North of France in July 2022 and the 15 MW photovoltaic park in the East of France in January 2023. Electricity sale prices have also been further optimized with new Power Purchase Agreements  representing now 73% of the cogeneration portfolio  and reached more than €176/MWh on average over the financial year (including feed in tariff and PPA)  compared to €109/MWh in FY2022. Going forward  over 47% of the PPA volumes for FY2024 have already been fixed at €230/MWh.The gas production activity remained dynamic this year  reaching €12.3 million revenues in FY2022 (+5%)  despite the unavailability of the GRT Gaz transmission network  undergoing heavy maintenance until September 2023. The Group is also working on its assets flexibility in order to maximize the associated revenues  irrespective of the networks or markets constraints and is contemplating additional valorization options in the form of electricity generation and liquefied gas production.Revenues from heat sales in Béthune and Creutzwald have also progressed to €459k in FY2023 (FY2022: €363k). The contribution of Cryo Pur  associated with the new operating and maintenance contracts for Liquefied BioGas (LBG) and Bio-CO2 production installations in Ireland and Norway  is €894k during the year  pending the launch of a serie of new LBG and Bio-CO2 production sites.Group’s growth perspectives confirmed for FY 2026FDE is continuing its organic growth expansion with the implementation of new low-carbon local energy solutions and the installation of 4 additional cogeneration units by the end of 2023. The Group has thus started construction works on its new site in Angres (62): the Fosse 6 – 6bis de Liévin well is the first of 6 new sites that will be commissioned in the coming months.FDE is also continuing its development in carbon-free hydrogen  including natural hydrogen  with hydrogen concentration measurements to be performed in three existing FDE wells in Lorraine by the end of the year to determine the extent of the deposit. These projects demonstrate the rich potential of the Lorraine basin that will enable the production of local energy with a reduced carbon footprint.The Group  also the exclusive holder of the largest gas resources in continental Europe  awaits in the coming weeks the judgment of the Administrative Court against the delayed and unfounded decision to reject the application for the Bleue Lorraine concession. This concession will allow to develop  in short circuits  the certified reserves of Lorraine gas  in order to significantly reduce the carbon footprint of the gas used locally  by replacing imported gas  including American shale gas arriving in the form of LNG  with local gas produced in the best environmental conditions and creator of jobs in France.Finally  FDE  via its new Norwegian subsidiary  Cryo Pur Norge AS  is actively working on the implementation of 6 new LBG and Bio-CO2 production sites in Norway which construction will begin in 2024 for some of them. The Group anticipates that revenues related to these projects will quickly constitute a major additional growth axis for FDE.FDE confirms its FY 2026 objectives of annual revenues of more than €100 million  and an EBITDA above €50 million  combined with over 10 million tons of CO 2 eq emissions avoided per annumNext announcement:FY 2023 Results - October 19th 2023Reuters code: FDEL.PA | Bloomberg code : FDE.FPAbout La Française de l’Énergie (« FDE »)FDE is a negative carbon footprint energy Group  specialized in the implementation via short circuits  of energy recovery and production sites  allowing the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. FDE notably supplies regional players with gas  electricity  heat and CO2  thus replacing imported energy with local  cleaner energy. FDE has strong development potential and aims to become a leading independent player in the energy sector in Europe.by Bpifrance.More information available on http://www.francaisedelenergie.fr.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning FDE’s financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""can "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""is designed to "" ""may "" ""might "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""objective "" ""should "" or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management’s current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company’s control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of FDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and FDE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230720619381/en/ContactsPresscontact@francaisedelenergie.fr+33 3 87 04 34 51Investor Relationsir@francaisedelenergie.fr+33 3 87 04 34 51",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.01,0.5,True,English,"['FDE', 'Record', 'Revenues', 'Fosse 6 – 6bis de Liévin', 'new low-carbon local energy solutions', 'negative carbon footprint energy Group', 'GRT Gaz transmission network', 'carbon negative energy producer', 'major additional growth axis', 'Cryo Pur Norge AS', 'new Power Purchase Agreements', 'two additional combined heat', 'three existing FDE wells', 'reduced carbon footprint', 'additional growth opportunities', 'additional valorization options', '15 MW photovoltaic park', 'organic growth expansion', 'best environmental conditions', 'La Française', 'local, cleaner energy', 'leading independent player', 'new Norwegian subsidiary', 'Bio-CO2 production installations', 'Power generation activities', '4 additional cogeneration units', 'hydrogen concentration measurements', 'largest gas resources', 'American shale gas', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Bio-CO2 production sites', 'CO 2 eq emissions', 'gas production activity', 'electricity production capacities', 'Electricity sale prices', 'strong development potential', 'liquefied gas production', 'Bleue Lorraine concession', 'power units', '6 new sites', 'local gas', 'growth perspectives', 'energy recovery', 'energy sector', 'new operating', 'electricity generation', 'cogeneration portfolio', 'Liquefied BioGas', 'rich potential', 'new LBG', 'heat sales', 'carbon-free hydrogen', 'natural hydrogen', 'FY 2024 prices', 'Lorraine gas', 'electricity volumes', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'price optimization', 'H1 Sales', 'H2 sales', 'Unaudited numbers', 'high visibility', 'heavy maintenance', 'The Group', 'assets flexibility', 'markets constraints', 'Béthune', 'maintenance contracts', 'coming months', 'Lorraine basin', 'exclusive holder', 'coming weeks', 'Administrative Court', 'unfounded decision', 'short circuits', '10 million tons', 'Next announcement', 'Reuters code', 'Bloomberg code', 'regional players', 'More information', 'press release', 'looking statements', 'financial condition', 'operating results', 'FY 2026 objectives', 'FY 2023 Results', 'annual revenues', '€12.3 million revenues', 'associated revenues', 'PPA volumes', 'construction works', 'continental Europe', 'financial year', 'FDE.FP', 'Progress', 'PONTPIERRE', 'France', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', '50% yoy', 'Change', 'Jul-Dec', 'Jan-June', 'FY2022', 'increase', 'commissioning', 'North', 'July', 'East', 'January', 'feed', 'tariff', 'FY2024', 'unavailability', 'September', 'order', 'networks', 'Creutzwald', 'FY2023', 'contribution', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'launch', 'serie', 'implementation', 'Angres', 'extent', 'deposit', 'projects', 'judgment', 'application', 'reserves', 'LNG', 'creator', 'jobs', 'EBITDA', 'October', 'FDEL', 'Énergie', 'reduction', 'francaisedelenergie', 'Disclaimer', 'forward', 'estimates', 'strategy', 'futur']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,finance.yahoo.com
27994,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sfl-releases-2023-interim-financial-181700350.html,SFL releases its 2023 interim financial report,SFL (Paris:FLY) has published its Interim Financial Report for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and filed it with France’s securities regulator  Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). The document can be viewed at the SFL website ,"PARIS  July 20  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:SFL (Paris:FLY) has published its Interim Financial Report for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and filed it with France’s securities regulator  Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). The document can be viewed at the SFL website  www.fonciere-lyonnaise.com  in the ""Publications"" section under ""Reports.""About SFLLeader in the prime segment of the Parisian commercial real estate market  Société Foncière Lyonnaise stands out for the quality of its property portfolio  which is valued at €7.9 billion and is focused on the Central Business District of Paris (#cloud.paris  Edouard VII  Washington Plaza  etc.)  and for the quality of its client portfolio  which is composed of prestigious companies in the consulting  media  digital  luxury  finance and insurance sectors. As France’s oldest property company  SFL demonstrates year after year an unwavering commitment to its strategy focused on creating a high value in use for users and  ultimately  substantial appraisal values for its properties.Stock market: Euronext Paris Compartment A – Euronext Paris ISIN FR0000033409 – Bloomberg: FLY FP – Reuters: FLYP PAS&P rating: BBB+ stable outlookView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230720872577/en/ContactsSFL - Thomas Fareng - T +33 (0)1 42 97 27 00 - t.fareng@fonciere-lyonnaise.comwww.fonciere-lyonnaise.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['2023 interim financial report', 'SFL', 'Parisian commercial real estate market', 'Société Foncière Lyonnaise', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'S&P rating', 'Interim Financial Report', 'substantial appraisal values', 'BBB+ stable outlook', 'View source version', 'Central Business District', 'oldest property company', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'Euronext Paris ISIN', 'Stock market', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'property portfolio', 'Regulatory News', 'six months', 'securities regulator', 'Publications"" section', 'prime segment', 'Edouard VII', 'Washington Plaza', 'client portfolio', 'prestigious companies', 'insurance sectors', 'unwavering commitment', 'high value', 'FLYP PA', 'Thomas Fareng', 'cloud.paris', 'FLY FP', 'SFL website', 'July', 'France', 'AMF', 'document', 'Reports', 'Leader', 'quality', 'finance', 'year', 'strategy', 'use', 'properties', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'fonciere', '33', '1']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,finance.yahoo.com
27995,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-07/59627203-2crsi-sa-2crsi-receives-a-grant-of-1-million-euros-as-part-of-the-france-2030-plan-015.htm,2CRSi SA: 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan.,CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan. 2CRSi SA 2CRSi SA: 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan. 20-Jul-2023,"DJ 2CRSi SA: 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan.2CRSi SA 2CRSi SA: 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan. 20-Jul-2023 / 18:45 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Press release 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan. A recognition of 2CRSi's expertise at the service of future embedded AI applications. Strasbourg (France)  July 20  2023 - 2CRSi  a designer and manufacturer of high-performance energy-efficient IT servers  today announced the receipt of a EUR1 million grant from BPI (French Public Investment Bank) as part of the call for projects ""Technological Maturation and Demonstration of Embedded Artificial Intelligence Solutions"" under France 2030 initiative. This support materializes the French government's intention to back cutting-edge technology players with the objectives of mastering sovereign and secure digital technologies and promoting the national strategy in the field of artificial intelligence. This EUR2.6 million grant is part of a collaborative project in which 2CRSi aims to develop a modular ""embedded"" system designed to deploy critical applications using artificial intelligence in ""Edge Computing."" ""This project opens unprecedented perspectives by placing proximity at the heart of computer networks through real-time AI applications on embedded systems "" comments Alain WILMOUTH  co-founder of 2CRSi. Indeed  while generative AIs (such as the American player Open AI with ChatGPT or the French player IMKI) can operate remotely without response time constraints  embedded applications require fast and efficient responses  adding an additional level of complexity. The development of this modular system is the result of a close collaboration between French industries of all sizes  highlighting the importance of cooperation and innovation within the French technology sector. The financial support from the French government also demonstrates a commitment to technological sovereignty and a desire to spur the ""France of Artificial Intelligence"". ""This is a significant recognition of 2CRSi's potential  as well as the strategic value of this project for France. Not only is this project promising for the future of AI in France  but it will also create sustainable  high-added value employments  contributing to the dynamism of the economy and the evolution of the country's technology sector "" concludes Alain WILMOUTH. About 2CRSi Founded in Strasbourg in 2005  the 2CRSi group designs  produces and markets bespoke  eco-responsible high-performance IT servers. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013341781) and its shares were transferred to the Euronext Growth regulated market on 25 November 2022. For further information: www.2crsi.com Contacts 2CRSi 2CRSi Actifin Actifin Jean-Philippe LLOBERA Michael Scholze Lucie Morlot Communication lucie.morlot@actifin.fr Communication Manager investors@2crsi.com Financial Press Relations +33 (0)1 80 18 26 33 michael.scholze@actifin.fr 03 68 41 10 70 +33 (0)1 56 88 11 14-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Regulatory filing PDF file File: 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan.=---------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: 2CRSi SA 32  rue Jacobi-Netter 67200 Strasbourg France Phone: +33 3 68 41 10 70 E-mail: investors@2crsi.com Internet: www.2crsi.com ISIN: FR0013341781 Euronext Ticker: AL2SI AMF Category: Inside information / Other releases EQS News ID: 1685035 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1685035 20-Jul-2023 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1685035&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresJuly 20  2023 12:45 ET (16:45 GMT)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.34,0.0,True,English,"['1 million euros', ""France 2030' plan"", '2CRSi SA', 'grant', 'part', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'bespoke, eco-responsible high-performance IT servers', 'high-performance energy-efficient IT servers', 'sustainable, high-added value employments', 'French Public Investment Bank', 'Jean-Philippe LLOBERA Michael Scholze', 'Embedded Artificial Intelligence Solutions', 'future embedded AI applications', 'French Regulatory News', 'secure digital technologies', 'response time constraints', 'Lucie Morlot Communication', 'AL2SI AMF Category', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'cutting-edge technology players', 'EQS News ID', 'modular ""embedded"" system', 'real-time AI applications', 'Communication Manager investors', 'Financial Press Relations', 'French technology sector', 'EQS News Service', 'EUR1 million grant', 'EUR2.6 million grant', 'DJ 2CRSi SA', 'Strasbourg France Phone', 'embedded applications', 'embedded systems', 'modular system', 'strategic value', 'critical applications', 'EQS Group', 'French government', 'French player', 'French industries', 'Press release', '1 million euros', 'Technological Maturation', 'national strategy', 'Edge Computing', 'unprecedented perspectives', 'computer networks', 'Alain WILMOUTH', 'American player', 'efficient responses', 'additional level', 'close collaboration', 'financial support', 'technological sovereignty', 'English Company', 'rue Jacobi-Netter', 'Other releases', 'Image link', ""France 2030' plan"", 'France 2030 initiative', 'Euronext Growth', 'Euronext Ticker', 'significant recognition', 'ISIN code', '2CRSi group', 'collaborative project', 'part', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'expertise', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'receipt', 'BPI', 'call', 'projects', 'Demonstration', 'intention', 'objectives', 'field', 'proximity', 'heart', 'founder', 'AIs', 'ChatGPT', 'IMKI', 'fast', 'complexity', 'development', 'result', 'sizes', 'importance', 'cooperation', 'innovation', 'commitment', 'desire', 'potential', 'dynamism', 'economy', 'evolution', 'country', 'June', 'market', 'Paris', 'shares', '25 November', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Language', 'CEST', 'cockpit', 'bin', 'July', 'GMT']",2023-07-05,2023-07-20,finanznachrichten.de
27996,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-07/59626868-roctool-confirmed-acceleration-in-sales-growth-in-first-half-2023-24-015.htm,ROCTOOL: Confirmed acceleration in sales growth in first-half 2023: +24%,Confirmed acceleration in sales growth in first-half 2023: +24% ROCTOOL ROCTOOL: Confirmed acceleration in sales growth in first-half 2023: +24% 20-Jul-2023 / 18:00 CET/CEST Dissemination,"DJ ROCTOOL: Confirmed acceleration in sales growth in first-half 2023: +24%ROCTOOL ROCTOOL: Confirmed acceleration in sales growth in first-half 2023: +24% 20-Jul-2023 / 18:00 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Press Release Le Bourget-du-Lac  20th of July 2023 - 6pm CEST Confirmed acceleration in sales growth in first-half 2023: +24% -- Sharp rise in sales of new systems -- Significant progress on major strategic projects: Solar - Hydrogen - Low-carbon packaging Roctool (Euronext Growth - FR0010523167 - ALROC)  specialists in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites  announces consolidated sales of 5.1EUR million for the first half of 2023  representing a very significant increase of +24% vs H1 2022  confirming the trend already recorded half-year after half-year (as a reminder  H1 in 2022 was 4.1EUR million and 2.9EUR million in 2021.) In the first six months of 2023  Roctool's sales once again enjoyed sustained momentum  exceeding expectations. This strong growth testifies to the ever-increasing adoption of the company's high value-added solutions across all its markets. Merchandise sales  including induction systems  peripherals  mold components and prototypes  reached 3.3 million euros  recording another very significant increase of +69% compared with the first half of 2022. Merchandise sales demonstrate the growing number of new users of Roctool technology. Services  including engineering studies  installation and commissioning services with corresponding testing  generated sales of 1.2 million euros in the first half of 2023  maintaining the very high level of the first half of 2022 (+1%). Revenues from licensing  royalties and strategic agreements came to 0.6 million euros in the first half as anticipated  compared with 1.0 million euros in the first half of 2022. Significant advances in new strategic segments Solar: Following a conclusive Proof of Concept  CEA/INES has decided to invest in a complete installation  due to start up in early 2024. Roctool also jointly participated in the Intersolar event in Munich in June 2023 to present its advances  strengthening its presence in this promising market. Hydrogen: Roctool continues its efforts to industrialize new fuel cell manufacturing technologies. Several thousand units have already been successfully produced. This breakthrough strengthens Roctool's position in the hydrogen sector  which represents a major additional growth driver for the company. Eco-responsible  low-carbon packaging: The company's commitment to eco-responsible packaging has taken shape with the arrival of new projects in the beauty sector  as well as the ongoing development of disruptive innovations. These new advances are the culmination of the company's efforts to ensure the sustainability of plastics and  more generally  respect for the environment. A solid financial position Roctool had cash and cash equivalents of 1.5EUR million on June 30  2023 (similar to the level recorded on January 15  2023). The company has also begun repayment of the State-guaranteed loan in line with its initial commitments. Roctool maintains a prudent cash management policy  guaranteeing the company's long-term stability and viability without jeopardizing the financing of its growth plan. Confidence for the rest of the year Thanks to record sales in the first half of 2023  CEO Mathieu Boulanger is confident that sales growth will continue in the second half of 2023: ""This first half is in line with 2021 and 2022  with strong growth of 24%. Our project is solid  and our technology is becoming increasingly popular for high value-added products  with new brands arriving  almost always with a view to reducing CO2 emissions. Coupled with fine management of our resources  this current rate of growth could enable us to achieve another record year in 2023"". Third consecutive year of historic growth  Roctool confirms its ambition to become the leader in eco-responsible molding Next publication: 12th of October 2023: Publication of half-year results 2023 Contact press / Investor relations Aelyon Madina TALL +33 1 75 77 54 65 roctool@aelium.fr About Roctool: Roctool  specializes in rapid heat and cool technologies for plastic injection and composite molding. The processes developed by Roctool are in production in the following industries: automotive  electronics  consumer products  renewable energy  beauty packaging and medical. Roctool is an induction molding technology  working with plastic and composite including recycled materials. Roctool offers Engineering services  induction generators  tooling hardware and on-site support to manufacturers around the globe. Roctool technologies are well known for removing secondary operations which enable manufacturers to reduce the overall cost of the parts produced  as well as their environmental impact. Headquarters are found in Le Bourget-du-Lac (France)  Roctool is present in the USA  China  Japan and Germany. For more information: www.roctool.com =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Regulatory filing PDF file File: Confirmed acceleration in sales growth in first-half 2023: +24% =---------------------------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: ROCTOOL Savoie Technolac Modul R 73370 LE BOURGET DU LAC France Internet: www.roctool.com ISIN: FR0010523167 Euronext Ticker: ALROC AMF Category: Inside information / News release on accounts  results EQS News ID: 1684947 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1684947 20-Jul-2023 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1684947&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresJuly 20  2023 12:00 ET (16:00 GMT)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['sales growth', 'ROCTOOL', 'acceleration', 'first-half', 'Investor relations Aelyon Madina TALL', 'new fuel cell manufacturing technologies', 'major additional growth driver', 'prudent cash management policy', 'new strategic segments Solar', 'French Regulatory News', 'major strategic projects', 'Several thousand units', 'CEO Mathieu Boulanger', 'high value-added solutions', 'high value-added products', 'first six months', 'solid financial position', 'Third consecutive year', 'Eco-responsible, low-carbon packaging', 'Low-carbon packaging Roctool', 'induction molding technology', 'new projects', 'strategic agreements', 'fine management', 'eco-responsible packaging', 'cooling technologies', 'cool technologies', 'new systems', 'new users', 'new brands', 'eco-responsible molding', 'consumer products', 'beauty packaging', 'new advances', 'induction systems', 'cash equivalents', 'induction generators', 'high level', 'Roctool technologies', 'first half', 'Euronext Growth', 'strong growth', 'growth plan', 'historic growth', 'CEST Dissemination', 'EQS Group', 'Press Release', 'Le Bourget-du-Lac', 'Sharp rise', 'Significant progress', 'significant increase', 'sustained momentum', 'increasing adoption', 'growing number', 'engineering studies', 'corresponding testing', 'conclusive Proof', 'Intersolar event', 'promising market', 'beauty sector', 'ongoing development', 'disruptive innovations', 'State-guaranteed loan', 'initial commitments', 'long-term stability', 'second half', 'CO2 emissions', 'current rate', 'record year', 'Contact press', 'rapid heat', 'following industries', 'renewable energy', 'recycled materials', 'site support', 'secondary operations', 'overall cost', 'environmental impact', 'composite molding', 'sales growth', 'commissioning services', '0.6 million euros', '1.0 million euros', 'Significant advances', 'Engineering services', 'consolidated sales', 'Merchandise sales', 'mold components', 'complete installation', 'Next publication', 'half-year results', 'plastic injection', 'DJ ROCTOOL', 'Roctool technology', 'hydrogen sector', 'ROCTOOL ROCTOOL', '1.2 million', 'acceleration', 'first-half', '18:00 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'July', '6pm', 'ALROC', 'specialists', 'heating', 'plastics', 'composites', 'H1', 'trend', 'reminder', 'expectations', 'company', 'markets', 'peripherals', 'prototypes', 'Revenues', 'licensing', 'royalties', 'Concept', 'CEA/INES', 'early', 'Munich', 'June', 'presence', 'efforts', 'breakthrough', 'shape', 'arrival', 'culmination', 'sustainability', 'respect', 'January', 'repayment', 'line', 'viability', 'financing', 'Confidence', 'rest', 'view', 'resources', 'ambition', 'leader', 'October', 'processes', 'production', 'automotive', 'electronics', 'medical', 'hardware', 'manufacturers', 'globe', 'parts', 'Headquarters', '3.3', '2021']",2023-07-05,2023-07-20,finanznachrichten.de
27997,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.eagletribune.com/region/crossject-signs-new-licensing-agreement-on-zeneo-midazolam-epilepsy-rescue-therapy-with-aft/article_35bb4320-1152-5c41-ba04-038a3034b570.html,Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT ...,Pre-marketing payments of about €0.5m due to Crossject from AFT Dijon  France 20 July 2023 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that develops and will soon market a portfolio of drug device combinations for use in emergency situations ,Pre-marketing payments of about €0.5m due to Crossject from AFT Dijon  France 20 July 2023 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that develops and will soon market a portfolio of drug device combinations for use in emergency situations ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'new licensing agreement', 'Crossject', 'AFT', 'specialty pharma company', 'drug device combinations', 'Pre-marketing payments', 'AFT Dijon', 'emergency situations', 'Crossject', 'France', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'use']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,eagletribune.com
27998,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/23/07/g33306042/crossject-signs-new-licensing-agreement-on-zeneo-midazolam-epilepsy-rescue-therapy-with-aft-pharma,Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New Zealand,Press Release Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New Zealand  Exclusive licensing  distribution and promotion,"Press ReleaseCrossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New ZealandExclusive licensing  distribution and promotion agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam in epileptic seizures in Australia and New ZealandPre-marketing payments of about €0.5m due to Crossject from AFTDijon  France 20 July 2023 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that develops and will soon market a portfolio of drug device combinations for use in emergency situations  announces the signing of an Australia & New Zealand commercial agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam  its innovative rescue treatment of epileptic seizures.‘‘We are pleased to expand our ongoing international roll-out of ZENEO® Midazolam to treat certain epileptic crisis into Australia and New Zealand  with this licensing agreement "" said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject. ""AFT Pharmaceuticals is a particularly well suited partner for us in Australasia because of its strong presence in the region and extensive experience with successful commercial launches. We look forward to collaborating to ensure a strong launch for our exciting innovative needle-free emergency treatment for epileptic crisis.''Intramuscular Midazolam is the gold standard to treat patients in the case of certain epileptic seizures1 that represent a life-threatening situation. The current solutions can be challenging for non-healthcare-professionals to administer during an emergency. There is a clear need for a simple and dependable needle-free way to administer an emergency treatment for epilepsy. The simplicity of use of ZENEO® (see ""Intuitive"" study2)  will afford patients and their caregivers a needle-free injection technology that delivers life-saving medicine in less than 1/10th second.""We are very pleased to partner with Crossject to bring ZENEO® Midazolam to our core market "" said Dr Hartley Atkinson  CEO of AFT Pharmaceuticals. ‘‘This ground-breaking needle-free system for rapidly and easily administering a life-saving drug to epileptic patients will fulfill an existing need for the treatment of epileptic seizures. Crossject's ZENEO® technology represents a natural fit with our longstanding commitment to innovation.""Under the terms of the agreement  AFT will be responsible for all local regulatory and commercial activities. In exchange for the commercial rights  Crossject shall receive: about €0.5m (AUD 0.79m) of premarketing payments from AFT. About €150k (AUD 237k) is due after the signature of the agreement. The remainder consists of development and approval milestones. Crossject will manufacture and sell the product to AFT at a mid-double-digit percentage of AFT's net selling price to wholesalers  with a minimum floor price per unit. Filing for marketing approval to Australia and New Zealand regulatory authorities is expected a few months after filing in Europe.Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disorder in the world  affecting roughly 1 in 26 people  according to the Epilepsy Foundation. The disorder affects people of all genders  races  ethnic backgrounds and ages. It causes surges of electrical activity in the brain that can cause recurring seizures.Epilepsy afflicts an estimated 151 000 people in Australia3 and an estimated 50 000 people in New Zealand4.Crossject SA (Euronext:ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is developing and will soon market a portfolio of drugs for use in emergency situations (epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack). With its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency medications. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014  and benefits from Bpifrance funding.AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited AFP is a specialty pharmaceutical company operating primarily in Australasia  but with product distribution agreements worldwide. The company's product portfolio includes prescription and over-the-counter medicines to treat a range of conditions  as well as a patented nebulizer.For further information  please contact:CrossjectPatrick AlexandreChief Executive Officerinfo@crossject.com InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.com1 Pre-hospital midazolam for benzodiazepine-treated seizures before and after the Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication Prior to Arrival Trial: A national observational cohort study.2 Human factors study of ZENEO® (needle-free autoinjector) and comparison of different user instruction formats.3 Epilepsy in Australia  how many Australians have epilepsy?4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey 2018.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.16,0.36,True,English,"['ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'new licensing agreement', 'New Zealand', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', 'Crossject', 'Australia', 'fourth most common neurological disorder', 'exciting innovative needle-free emergency treatment', 'different user instruction formats', 'ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'national observational cohort study', '4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'New Zealand regulatory authorities', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited AFP', 'innovative rescue treatment', 'New Zealand commercial agreement', 'dependable needle-free way', 'ground-breaking needle-free system', 'needle-free self-injection system', 'ongoing international roll-out', 'Dr Hartley Atkinson', 'net selling price', 'minimum floor price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication', '2 Human factors study', 'successful commercial launches', 'Exclusive licensing, distribution', 'needle-free injection technology', 'drug device combinations', 'self-administered emergency medications', 'specialty pharma company', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'product distribution agreements', 'new licensing agreement', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'needle-free autoinjector', 'extensive experience', 'Intuitive"" study', 'local regulatory', 'commercial activities', 'commercial rights', 'ZENEO® technology', 'emergency situations', 'core market', 'life-saving drug', 'Intramuscular Midazolam', '1 Pre-hospital midazolam', 'promotion agreement', 'Press Release', 'epileptic seizures', 'Pre-marketing payments', 'epileptic crisis', 'strong presence', 'strong launch', 'gold standard', 'life-threatening situation', 'current solutions', 'clear need', 'life-saving medicine', '1/10th second', 'existing need', 'natural fit', 'longstanding commitment', 'premarketing payments', 'approval milestones', 'mid-double-digit percentage', 'marketing approval', 'ethnic backgrounds', 'electrical activity', 'recurring seizures', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'Bpifrance funding', 'counter medicines', 'benzodiazepine-treated seizures', 'Arrival Trial', 'many Australians', 'Epilepsy Foundation', 'world leader', 'Natasha Drapeau', 'epileptic patients', 'product portfolio', 'Crossject SA', '3 Epilepsy', 'Dijon', 'ALCJ', 'signing', 'CEO', 'partner', 'Australasia', 'region', 'case', 'healthcare-professionals', 'simple', 'simplicity', 'caregivers', 'less', 'innovation', 'terms', 'exchange', 'AUD', 'signature', 'remainder', 'development', 'wholesalers', 'unit', 'Filing', 'Europe', '26 people', 'genders', 'races', 'ages', 'surges', 'brain', '151,000 people', 'Australia3', '50,000 people', 'drugs', 'overdose', 'patented', 'Paris', 'benefits', 'prescription', 'range', 'conditions', 'nebulizer', 'information', 'Investors', 'Media']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,benzinga.com
27999,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lse.co.uk/news/exodus-from-london-continues-as-kingspan-shareholders-okay-delisting-m6qp80yjoua19d8.html,Exodus from London continues as Kingspan shareholders okay delisting,"At the time  it said share dealings on the LSE were ""negligible"" as a percentage of its total trading. Kingspan  which also has American depositary receipts trading in New York  said it remains ""committed"" to its primary listing on the main market of the Euronext Dublin  where the majority of its share trading takes place.","At the time  it said share dealings on the LSE were ""negligible"" as a percentage of its total trading. Kingspan  which also has American depositary receipts trading in New York  said it remains ""committed"" to its primary listing on the main market of the Euronext Dublin  where the majority of its share trading takes place.",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.91,0.09,True,English,"['Kingspan shareholders', 'Exodus', 'London', 'American depositary receipts', 'share dealings', 'total trading', 'New York', 'primary listing', 'main market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'share trading', 'time', 'LSE', 'percentage', 'Kingspan', 'majority', 'place']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,lse.co.uk
28000,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/07/20/kingspan-shareholders-overwhelmingly-back-plan-for-london-market-delisting/,Kingspan shareholders overwelmingly back plan to delist from London stock exchange,Shareholders in Kingspan have overwhelmingly backed a plan by the insulation manufacturer to drop its London Stock Exchange listing due to low share trading volumes through that bourse.,Kingspan chief executive Gene Murtagh: the company said less than 2% of average trading volume in its stock in the 12 months to June had been conducted on the London Stock Exchange. Photograph: Alan Betson/The Irish TimesShareholders in Kingspan have overwhelmingly backed a plan by the insulation manufacturer to drop its London Stock Exchange listing due to low share trading volumes through that bourse.Some 98.4 per cent of shareholders who participated in a vote on the matter at an extraordinary general meeting (egm) on Thursday cast ballots in favour of the company’s plan to delist from the London Stock Exchange.[ Kingspan ‘committed to Dublin listing’ as it plots London Stock Exchange exit ]The Cavan-based group will maintain the primary listing of its shares on the main market of Euronext Dublin. The shares will also remain tradable on other European exchanges  such as CBOE Europe.Kingspan  led by chief executive Gene Murtagh  said in a circular in advance of the egm that less than 2 per cent of the average volume of trading in its stock in the 12 months to June had been conducted on the London Stock Exchange.READ MORE“In that context  the cost and the legal and regulatory burden associated with maintaining admission of the ordinary shares to trading on the London Stock Exchange is  in the board’s opinion  disproportionate to the benefits to the company and its shareholders ” it said in the circular.The expected last day of trade for Kingspan shares in London will be Thursday August 17th.Kingspan is among a small group of large Irish companies that have this year reviewed where their shares are traded. Building materials giant CRH is on track to drop its Euronext Dublin listing in September as part of a plan that will see it move its main listing from London to New York. Its shares will continue to be tradable in London.Flutter Entertainment  parent company of bookmakers Paddy Power  secured backing in April for a plan to take out a listing on the New York Stock Exchange  in addition to its quotations in Dublin and London.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['London stock exchange', 'Kingspan shareholders', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'low share trading volumes', 'chief executive Gene Murtagh', 'London Stock Exchange exit', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange listing', 'The Irish Times', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'other European exchanges', 'large Irish companies', 'Kingspan chief executive', 'The Cavan-based group', 'average trading volume', 'Euronext Dublin listing', 'average volume', 'small group', 'primary listing', 'main listing', 'Alan Betson', 'insulation manufacturer', '98.4 per cent', 'main market', 'CBOE Europe', '2 per cent', 'regulatory burden', 'last day', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Paddy Power', 'ordinary shares', 'parent company', 'Kingspan shares', 'less', '12 months', 'June', 'Photograph', 'Shareholders', 'plan', 'bourse', 'vote', 'matter', 'Thursday', 'ballots', 'favour', 'circular', 'advance', 'egm', 'READ', 'context', 'cost', 'legal', 'board', 'opinion', 'benefits', 'trade', 'track', 'September', 'part', 'bookmakers', 'backing', 'April', 'addition', 'quotations']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,irishtimes.com
28001,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/kingspan-confirms-exit-from-london-stock-exchange/a800075463.html,Kingspan confirms exit from London stock exchange,Insulation panel maker Kingspan has confirmed its exit from the London stock exchange after a majority of shareholders approved the move.,Insulation panel maker Kingspan has confirmed its exit from the London stock exchange after a majority of shareholders approved the move.After an extraordinary general meeting on Thursday  the Dublin-listed firm said it expects to make applications to the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority to cancel the listing today.The last day of share dealings is expected to be on August 17  with the cancellation taking effect when markets open on August 18.The vote was carried by a large majority of 98.43pc of shareholders  with the total number of ordinary shares eligible to vote at the meeting at 181 937 534.Earlier this year Kingspan pledged to maintain its Dublin listing as the majority of its shares are traded here.It said share trading on the London exchange was “negligible”.Kingspan shares were down slightly in early trading in Dublin and London  though they had been picking up steam on both exchanges over the last few days.The insulation panel maker is the third Irish firm to exit London for a main listing in the US this year.Building materials giant CRH recently confirmed its move to New York – though it will maintain a secondary listing in London – while Paddy Power owner Flutter is plotting a similar move.Ryanair de-listed from the London stock exchange in 2021 due to changed EU ownership rules post-Brexit.CRH’s US move means it will also leave the Euronext Dublin exchange.Kingspan’s revenues rose 28pc to €8.3bn last year despite what it said was a testing environment and a tougher second half.The Cavan-headquartered company saw trading profit rise 10pc to €833m in the same period  thanks to acquisitions and strong price increases on the back of raw material inflation.The firm also saw a rise in first-quarter sales in 2023  with data centre business making up for a sluggish performance in its insulation business.Overall sales approached €2bn for the three months to the end of March  up 4pc on the same period last year but down 3pc on an underlying basis.Kingspan’s half-year results are due on August 18.News in 90 seconds - July 20,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['London stock exchange', 'Kingspan', 'exit', 'Paddy Power owner Flutter', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'EU ownership rules', 'tougher second half', 'The Cavan-headquartered company', 'strong price increases', 'raw material inflation', 'Insulation panel maker', 'data centre business', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'third Irish firm', 'Euronext Dublin exchange', 'London stock exchange', 'insulation business', 'London exchange', 'Dublin-listed firm', 'share dealings', 'total number', 'share trading', 'early trading', 'New York', 'testing environment', 'trading profit', 'same period', 'first-quarter sales', 'sluggish performance', 'Overall sales', 'three months', 'underlying basis', 'half-year results', 'Dublin listing', 'main listing', 'secondary listing', 'ordinary shares', 'last day', 'similar move', 'large majority', 'US move', 'Kingspan shares', 'exit', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'applications', 'UK', 'August', 'cancellation', 'effect', 'markets', 'vote', '98.43pc', 'steam', 'exchanges', 'days', 'Ryanair', 'revenues', 'acquisitions', 'back', 'rise', 'end', 'March', 'News', '90 seconds', 'July']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,independent.ie
28002,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1106634509/Voltalia-Selected-To-Build-A-108-Megawatt-Solar-Farm,Voltalia Selected To Build A 108-Megawatt Solar Farm,English French Voltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farm  Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an inter,Voltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farmVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  has been chosen by ESB and Bord na Móna as EPC contractor for their solar farm in Ireland.ESB  the semi-state owned utility and Bord na Móna  the semi-state climate solutions company  two of Ireland's leading energy providers  have selected Voltalia for their new solar farm at Timahoe North  Co Kildare. It will be the first large-scale solar project of their joint-venture which aims to deliver up to 500-megawatt solar farms based on Bord na Móna lands.Voltalia has been contracted to carry out the solar farm's Engineering  Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) contract. It is expected that Timahoe North solar farm will be fully operational by the end of 2024  with an installed capacity of 108 megawatts. This is enough energy to power around 61 500 inhabitants  which will support the delivery of more green energy to communities and businesses across the country in line with Ireland's renewable energy targets for 2030.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  states:“Since the beginning of the year  the expertise of our teams has enabled us to grow in Ireland as service provider. Today  we are delighted to build this new project and to support our local partners  Bord na Móna and ESB.”Next in the agenda: Q2 2023 T urnover   on July 26th 2023 (after market hours),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['108-Megawatt Solar Farm', 'Voltalia', 'up to 500-megawatt solar farms', 'Bord na Móna lands', 'semi-state climate solutions company', 'first large-scale solar project', 'Timahoe North solar farm', 'semi-state owned utility', '108-megawatt solar farm', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'new solar farm', 'leading energy providers', 'renewable energy targets', 'new project', 'enough energy', 'green energy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'EPC contractor', 'Co Kildare', 'installed capacity', 'service provider', 'local partners', 'T urnover', 'market hours', 'Voltalia', 'Ireland', 'joint-venture', 'Engineering', 'Procurement', 'Construction', 'end', '108 megawatts', '61 500 inhabitants', 'delivery', 'communities', 'businesses', 'country', 'line', 'CEO', 'beginning', 'year', 'expertise', 'teams', 'Q2', 'July']",2023-07-20,2023-07-20,menafn.com
