UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
6852,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,News: Deutsche Börse fully acquires Clearstream Fund Centre for $429 millionBy acquiring the remaining stake from… https://t.co/Yg2zZrUUva,nan,News: Deutsche Börse fully acquires Clearstream Fund Centre for $429 millionBy acquiring the remaining stake from… https://t.co/Yg2zZrUUva,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Clearstream Fund Centre', 'remaining stake', 'News', 'Yg2zZrUUva', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Clearstream Fund Centre', 'remaining stake', 'News', 'Yg2zZrUUva']",2022-06-23,2022-06-30,Unknown
6902,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,On Instagram this weekend...We welcome the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Group onto our platforms as part… https://t.co/1Zg5FnEh4Z,nan,On Instagram this weekend...We welcome the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Group onto our platforms as part… https://t.co/1Zg5FnEh4Z,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Group', 'Instagram', 'platforms', 'part', 'Zg5FnEh4Z', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Group', 'Instagram', 'platforms', 'part', 'Zg5FnEh4Z']",2022-06-24,2022-06-30,Unknown
7060,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will take home an @Antennasdirect ClearStream MAX-V® Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/IFFnVZykbp,nan,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will take home an @Antennasdirect ClearStream MAX-V® Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/IFFnVZykbp,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['home', 'IFFnVZykbp', 'home', 'IFFnVZykbp']",2022-06-28,2022-06-30,Unknown
7061,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,The mandate will allow Clearstream clients to validate and automate shareholder ID requests from trusted sources in… https://t.co/nw94TzFCQf,nan,The mandate will allow Clearstream clients to validate and automate shareholder ID requests from trusted sources in… https://t.co/nw94TzFCQf,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['shareholder ID requests', 'Clearstream clients', 'trusted sources', 'mandate', 'nw94TzFCQf', 'shareholder ID requests', 'Clearstream clients', 'trusted sources', 'mandate', 'nw94TzFCQf']",2022-06-28,2022-06-30,Unknown
7062,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We are delighted to announce that #Proxymity now supports @Clearstream with our #ShareholderID solution across Euro… https://t.co/K4jPcJ7MF5,nan,We are delighted to announce that #Proxymity now supports @Clearstream with our #ShareholderID solution across Euro… https://t.co/K4jPcJ7MF5,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Euro', 'K4jPcJ7MF5', 'Euro', 'K4jPcJ7MF5']",2022-06-28,2022-06-30,Unknown
7063,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,When Deutsche Börse embarked on its cloud journey  it approached the migration as a way to create growth and busine… https://t.co/kHgdqWzNWQ,nan,When Deutsche Börse embarked on its cloud journey  it approached the migration as a way to create growth and busine… https://t.co/kHgdqWzNWQ,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'cloud journey', 'migration', 'way', 'growth', 'busine', 'kHgdqWzNWQ', 'Deutsche Börse', 'cloud journey', 'migration', 'way', 'growth', 'busine', 'kHgdqWzNWQ']",2022-06-28,2022-06-30,Unknown
7112,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pan-american-energy-l-argentine-175500779.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and...","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina   June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and together with the Issuer  ""we"" or ""our"")  today announced it has commenced an offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") for its New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined below) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents""). Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.The following table sets forth certain material terms of the Exchange Offer:Existing NotesDescription CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount Outstanding Exchange Consideration(1) 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023(2) Regulation S: CUSIP E7S78B AA0; ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D: CUSIP 69784D AA6; ISIN US69784DAA63 U.S.$120 000 000 U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the New Notes(3)(1) Per U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange at or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined herein) (such New Notes  the ""Exchange Consideration""). The Exchange Consideration does not include the Accrued Interest (as defined herein)  which shall be paid in cash together with the Exchange Consideration.(2) The Existing Notes are currently listed and traded on the Bolsas y Mercados Argentinos S.A. (the ""BYMA"") through the Bolsa de Comercio de Buenos Aires (the ""BCBA"") acting in accordance with the authority delegated by the BYMA to the BCBA and traded on the Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A.(3) To be issued in registered  global form and represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (""Clearstream"").Story continuesThe main purpose of the Exchange Offer is to provide Eligible Holders (as defined herein) with the opportunity to remain invested in the Issuer's debt securities by exchanging their Existing Notes for New Notes. The terms of the New Notes will be substantially identical to the terms of the Existing Notes  except primarily that the New Notes will provide an extended maturity and an increase in the rate at which interest will accrue. Regardless of the results of the Exchange Offer  the Existing Notes will mature on November 15  2023  at which time the Issuer will fully repay any outstanding Existing Notes not tendered in the Exchange Offer  unless repurchased  redeemed or exchanged prior to maturity. Participation in the Exchange Offer is voluntary and there is no minimum or maximum tender amount for the Exchange Offer.The tender of Existing Notes by an Eligible Holder pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum and the acceptance thereof by the Issuer will constitute an agreement between such Eligible Holder and the Issuer in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Documents. The Existing Notes exchanged in the Exchange Offer will be cancelled.To be eligible to receive the Exchange Consideration  Eligible Holders must validly tender their Existing Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022  unless extended by the Issuer in its sole discretion (such date and time  as may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). The deadlines set by any intermediary or relevant clearing system may be earlier than this deadline. Tenders of Existing Notes may not be withdrawn or revoked  unless required by applicable law. No alternative  conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted.In addition to the Exchange Consideration  on the Settlement Date (as defined herein)  Eligible Holders will be entitled to receive payment of accrued and unpaid interest from and including the interest payment date on November 15  2021 to  but not including  the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest cent) paid in cash with respect to Existing Notes accepted for exchange (the ""Accrued Interest""). Interest will cease to accrue on the Settlement Date for all Existing Notes accepted in the Exchange Offer. Tenders will be accepted and Accrued Interest will be paid through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC""). The delivery of New Notes will be made through Euroclear and Clearstream. Under no circumstances will any interest be payable because of any delay in the transmission of the Exchange Consideration or the Accrued Interest to Eligible Holders by DTC  Euroclear  Clearstream or any other clearing system.Eligible Holders of the Existing Notes who are Argentine Entity Offerees or Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees may be subject to certain tax withholdings resulting from the exchange of their Existing Notes. See ""The Exchange Offer—Additional Amounts"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum.The Issuer expects to deliver the New Notes and Accrued Interest on July 21  2022 in respect of Existing Notes which have been accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer  which is the fourth business day after the Expiration Date (such date  as may be extended  the ""Settlement Date"").To review the Exchange Offer Memorandum and participate in the Exchange Offer you must electronically submit an eligibility letter through the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility) (the ""Eligibility Letter"") certifying that you are an Eligible Holder. An ""Eligible Holder"" is a beneficial owner of Existing Notes that certifies that it is a person outside the United States (as defined in Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")) who is: (A) not a ""U.S. person"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act); and (B)(i) each person who is shown in the records of DTC as a holder of the Existing Notes (also referred to as ""Direct Participants""); (ii) any broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or intermediary who holds Existing Notes; or (iii) each beneficial owner of Existing Notes holding the Existing Notes  directly or indirectly  in accounts in the name of a Direct Participant or other nominee or intermediary acting on the beneficial owner's behalf.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been registered under the Securities Act. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.For a description of the terms of the New Notes  see the Exchange Offer Documents.The New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"") as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other Argentine applicable laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Dispositions No. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  No. DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  No. DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and No. DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022 (together  the ""Dispositions""). The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022. The New Notes will be offered in Argentina by means of an Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) in the Spanish language  in accordance with the CNV Rules  containing substantially the same information as the Exchange Offer Memorandum  other than with respect to certain information required under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No.746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules (the ""Frequent Issuer Regime""). The CNV's authorizations mean only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. The CNV has not rendered any opinion in respect of the accuracy of the information contained in the Exchange Offer Memorandum or the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement. In making a decision to participate in the Exchange Offer  Eligible Holders must rely on their own review and examination of the Issuer. The Exchange Offer Memorandum is not intended for Eligible Holders in Argentina.Eligible Holders in Argentina are urged to read  must follow the procedures set forth in  and must rely exclusively on  the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the Frequent Issuer Regime  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation related the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.The Exchange Offer is subject to certain conditions  as more fully described in the Exchange Offer Memorandum  which may be asserted or waived by the Issuer in full or in part in its sole discretion. The Issuer reserves the right to  subject to applicable law  amend or terminate the Exchange Offer at any time and to not accept for exchange any Existing Notes tendered under the Exchange Offer. The Issuer will give you notice of any amendments or termination if required by applicable law.Subject to market conditions and in its sole discretion  the Issuer may  in the future  make an offering of debt securities that will be fungible with the New Notes. However  no assurance can be provided that any such offering will be made.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.To reimburse the time and cost of processing the tender of Existing Notes in the Exchange Offer  the Issuer will pay a processing fee to brokers acting on behalf of certain Eligible Holders. This processing fee will be payable to brokers only with respect to individual tenders of up to U.S.$250 000 aggregate principal amount of Existing Notes per each Eligible Holder and will be in an amount equal to 0.25% of the principal amount of such tendered Existing Notes that are accepted for exchange. See ""The Exchange Offer—Processing Fee"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum for more information regarding eligibility requirements and the process brokers must follow to obtain the processing fee.Eligible Holders tendering Existing Notes in Argentina through participants in Caja de Valores S.A. (""Caja de Valores"") must also comply with the applicable procedures of  and deadlines specified by  Caja de Valores in connection with a tender of Existing Notes. Caja de Valores is a Direct Participant in DTC  Euroclear and Clearstream.Neither the delivery of the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor any offer of New Notes made thereunder will  under any circumstances  imply that there has been no change in our affairs or that the information set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum is correct as of any date subsequent to the date of the Exchange Offer Memorandum.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer is being made pursuant to the Exchange Offer Documents  copies of which will be delivered to holders of the Existing Notes  and which set forth the complete terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer. Eligible Holders are urged to read the Exchange Offer Documents carefully before making any decision with respect to their Existing Notes. The Exchange Offer is not being made to  nor will the Issuer accept exchanges of Existing Notes from holders in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make such an offer.Morrow Sodali International LLC is acting as the information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer. Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of this Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its email address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain Email: tommaso.grospietro@gruposantander.com / alex.pilkington@gruposantander.com Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comIn Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 203 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact:Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AAT)Buenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301578187.htmlSOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.2,0.37,0.43,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Offer', 'Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A', 'Mercados Argentinos S.A.', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D', 'U.S.$1,000 principal amount', 'New York City time', 'Regulation S Global Notes', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount', 'CUSIP E7S78B AA0', 'CUSIP 69784D AA6', 'Bolsa de Comercio', 'relevant clearing system', 'other clearing system', 'Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Argentine Entity Offerees', 'Pan American Energy', 'maximum tender amount', 'The Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Outstanding Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'interest payment date', 'S.L.', 'ISIN US69784DAA63', 'global form', 'debt securities', 'New Notes', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'Argentine Branch', 'following table', 'Expiration Date', 'common depositary', 'main purpose', 'Eligible Holders', 'sole discretion', 'applicable law', 'alternative, conditional', 'Settlement Date', 'nearest cent', 'tax withholdings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'unconditional guarantee', 'extended maturity', 'Capitalized terms', 'material terms', 'Clearstream Banking', 'contingent tenders', 'Argentina', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'Issuer', 'conditions', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'Description', 'cash', 'Bolsas', 'BYMA', 'BCBA', 'accordance', 'authority', 'one', 'Story', 'opportunity', 'increase', 'rate', 'results', 'November', 'Participation', 'minimum', 'procedures', 'acceptance', 'agreement', 'July', 'deadlines', 'intermediary', 'addition', 'DTC', 'delivery', 'circumstances', 'delay', 'transmission', '5:00']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7113,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.dw.com/en/russias-default-will-investors-take-a-hit/a-62298686,Russia's default explained: Will investors take a hit?,By most accounts  Russia has defaulted on its sovereign debt because it was unable to make a payment to its creditors. But reality is trickier than that  and shows Moscow has been strategic in bracing for the fallout. Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that…,"Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that Russia defaulted on foreign debt after bondholders did not receive $100 million (€94.9 million) in interest payments.""Missed coupon payment constitutes a default "" the international ratings agency said in a statement late on Monday  adding that further defaults on future coupon payments ""are likely.""Russia has a total of about $40 billion outstanding in foreign debt  and the legal picture is unclear as to the status of default.What is default?The way government debt works is that investors globally buy so-called government bonds — basically legal documents. The government gets to use the proceeds from the purchase for its expenses and agrees to periodically pay interest payments to the investor. After maturity of the bond  the government returns the initial sale price — the principal investment — to creditors and the debt dissolves.Screenshot of the Russian bond that lapsed on SundayWhat counts as default is stipulated in the legal fine print. Each government bond comes as a long legal document  in the case of one of the Russian bonds in question 143 pages of text. This document  seen by DW  defines seven events of default. Most pressing: Nonpayment.Did Russia default?Even though Moody's declared Russia in default  the legal documents present a messy picture. Speaking on the condition of anonymity  a capital markets lawyer in London told DW that at the very least Russia hasn’t ""complied with their obligations under the contract.""With regard to what ""nonpayment"" means in the legal documents  the lawyer said: ""Can someone fail to pay if they have actually done all there is to do within their control to make the payment ... and ensure the relevant funds leave the relevant account?""Legally  courts will decide whether the country defaulted. But how can money be paid but not received?Did Russia pay its creditors?The inner workings of international finance are intricate. At least one investor had knowledge of a payment sent but not received  US business newspaper The Wall Street Journal reported this week. And Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov told reporters in Moscow last week that Russia has done everything ""to lead the horse to water. But it's not up to us whether it wants to drink or not.""Because of the US-led sanctions regime  the international channels of sending payments aren't open for Russia anymore. In such a transaction multiple agents are involved like paying agents  who send the funds to clearing institutions which handle interest payments for debtors and creditors.The lapsed Russian bonds were to be cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream — two private companies that offer such services but which are currently barred from clearing Russian payments as a result of sanctions.Instead  Russia's Finance Ministry said it had transferred interest payments to a Euroclear account in the Russian settlement system  the National Settlement Depository (NSD). Under normal circumstances  Euroclear would have then transferred the money into its own system and then to the depository banks that have accounts with Euroclear and finally to the bondholders. But Euroclear is not allowed to process any further.""So technically speaking the money is no longer in an account of the Russian Federation  but it's already in an account that doesn't belong to the Russian Federation  and the Russian Federation cannot take the money back "" the capital markets lawyer said  assuming the money ""is somewhere stuck in the plumbing.""Russia has precautions against seizure of assetsCountries have defaulted in the past. Argentina defaulted nine times in the past 200 years. During a period of default in December 2013  the Latin American country was unsure about its assets.Bond holders can seize a defaulted debtor's assets  which was why Argentina's government chartered a British plane for then President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner to visit Asia and the Middle East. This way the government's jet wasn't on the line.""I suspect  remembering what happened with Argentina  that the Americans would be keen to have creditors chasing Russian assets all over the world "" Paul McNamara  an emerging-market fund manager at GAM  told the Wall Street Journal.But Russia's default is different. Not only is there a willingness to service the debt. The two bonds breached on Sunday lack one feature usually present in such documents: a waiver of immunity.""There is money  and there is also the readiness to pay "" Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov saidUsually  governments grant creditors the ability to sue them. The Russian bonds issued in 2016 and 2021 have no such clause. An investigation posted to Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable found  there are legal ways around this hurdle. It concludes  investors in Russian bonds should organize themselves and force legal action.What's at stake for Russia with default?As of now  Moscow's coffers are filled with euros and dollars from commodities exports and funding isn't an issue. But in the future Russia may want to borrow from outside of its borders again  for example from China.Being declared in default is a problem because investors aren't keen on lending to defaulters. As of now  international lenders are mostly scared away from lending to Russia as they fear to entangle themselves in the Western sanctions regime.But  even if Russia were to find allies to the east  it would come at a cost  Timothy Ash  an economist at BlueBay Asset Management  told DW. ""I think Chinese entities will look at Russia very differently if it's in default. ... If they want to still lend to Russia  they will charge a high premium for that "" he said.Edited by: Uwe Hessler",negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['Russia', 'default', 'investors', 'hit', 'President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner', 'Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable', 'Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'The Wall Street Journal', 'initial sale price', 'US business newspaper', 'emerging-market fund manager', 'two private companies', 'National Settlement Depository', 'capital markets lawyer', 'The Russian bonds', 'legal fine print', 'US-led sanctions regime', 'Latin American country', 'Missed coupon payment', 'Russian settlement system', 'international ratings agency', 'long legal document', 'future coupon payments', 'international finance', 'Finance Ministry', 'two bonds', 'Russian payments', 'Russian Federation', 'depository banks', 'international channels', 'legal picture', 'legal ways', 'legal action', 'interest payments', 'legal documents', 'principal investment', 'seven events', 'messy picture', 'inner workings', 'multiple agents', 'paying agents', 'normal circumstances', 'British plane', 'Middle East', 'Paul McNamara', 'one feature', 'commodities exports', 'Russian assets', 'Bond holders', 'foreign debt', 'government bonds', 'relevant funds', 'relevant account', 'one investor', 'past 200 years', 'government debt', 'Euroclear account', 'Moody', 'bondholders', 'default', 'statement', 'Monday', 'total', 'status', 'investors', 'proceeds', 'purchase', 'expenses', 'maturity', 'creditors', 'Screenshot', 'Sunday', 'case', 'question', '143 pages', 'text', 'DW', 'Nonpayment', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'London', 'obligations', 'contract', 'regard', 'someone', 'control', 'courts', 'money', 'knowledge', 'reporters', 'Moscow', 'everything', 'horse', 'water', 'transaction', 'institutions', 'debtors', 'lapsed', 'Clearstream', 'services', 'result', 'NSD', 'accounts', 'plumbing', 'precautions', 'seizure', 'Countries', 'Argentina', 'period', 'December', 'Asia', 'jet', 'line', 'Americans', 'world', 'GAM', 'willingness', 'waiver', 'immunity', 'readiness', 'governments', 'ability', 'clause', 'investigation', 'hurdle', 'stake', 'coffers', 'euros', 'dollars', 'funding', 'issue', 'outs']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,dw.com
7114,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.dw.com/en/russian-default-will-sanctions-hurt-putins-foreign-investors/a-62298686,Russian default: Will sanctions hurt Putin's foreign investors?,By most accounts  Russia has defaulted on its sovereign debt because it was unable to make a payment to its creditors. But reality is trickier than that  and shows Moscow has been strategic in bracing for the fallout. Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that…,"Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that Russia defaulted on foreign debt after bondholders did not receive $100 million (€94.9 million) in interest payments.""Missed coupon payment constitutes a default "" the international ratings agency said in a statement late on Monday  adding that further defaults on future coupon payments ""are likely.""Russia has a total of about $40 billion outstanding in foreign debt  and the legal picture is unclear as to the status of default.What is default?The way government debt works is that investors globally buy so-called government bonds — basically legal documents. The government gets to use the proceeds from the purchase for its expenses and agrees to periodically pay interest payments to the investor. After maturity of the bond  the government returns the initial sale price — the principal investment — to creditors and the debt dissolves.Screenshot of the Russian bond that lapsed on SundayWhat counts as default is stipulated in the legal fine print. Each government bond comes as a long legal document  in the case of one of the Russian bonds in question 143 pages of text. This document  seen by DW  defines seven events of default. Most pressing: Nonpayment.Did Russia default?Even though Moody's declared Russia in default  the legal documents present a messy picture. Speaking on the condition of anonymity  a capital markets lawyer in London told DW that at the very least Russia hasn’t ""complied with their obligations under the contract.""With regard to what ""nonpayment"" means in the legal documents  the lawyer said: ""Can someone fail to pay if they have actually done all there is to do within their control to make the payment ... and ensure the relevant funds leave the relevant account?""Legally  courts will decide whether the country defaulted. But how can money be paid but not received?Did Russia pay its creditors?The inner workings of international finance are intricate. At least one investor had knowledge of a payment sent but not received  US business newspaper The Wall Street Journal reported this week. And Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov told reporters in Moscow last week that Russia has done everything ""to lead the horse to water. But it's not up to us whether it wants to drink or not.""Because of the US-led sanctions regime  the international channels of sending payments aren't open for Russia anymore. In such a transaction multiple agents are involved like paying agents  who send the funds to clearing institutions which handle interest payments for debtors and creditors.The lapsed Russian bonds were to be cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream — two private companies that offer such services but which are currently barred from clearing Russian payments as a result of sanctions.Instead  Russia's Finance Ministry said it had transferred interest payments to a Euroclear account in the Russian settlement system  the National Settlement Depository (NSD). Under normal circumstances  Euroclear would have then transferred the money into its own system and then to the depository banks that have accounts with Euroclear and finally to the bondholders. But Euroclear is not allowed to process any further.""So technically speaking the money is no longer in an account of the Russian Federation  but it's already in an account that doesn't belong to the Russian Federation  and the Russian Federation cannot take the money back "" the capital markets lawyer said  assuming the money ""is somewhere stuck in the plumbing.""Russia has precautions against seizure of assetsCountries have defaulted in the past. Argentina defaulted nine times in the past 200 years. During a period of default in December 2013  the Latin American country was unsure about its assets.Bond holders can seize a defaulted debtor's assets  which was why Argentina's government chartered a British plane for then President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner to visit Asia and the Middle East. This way the government's jet wasn't on the line.""I suspect  remembering what happened with Argentina  that the Americans would be keen to have creditors chasing Russian assets all over the world "" Paul McNamara  an emerging-market fund manager at GAM  told the Wall Street Journal.But Russia's default is different. Not only is there a willingness to service the debt. The two bonds breached on Sunday lack one feature usually present in such documents: a waiver of immunity.""There is money  and there is also the readiness to pay "" Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov saidUsually  governments grant creditors the ability to sue them. The Russian bonds issued in 2016 and 2021 have no such clause. An investigation posted to Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable found  there are legal ways around this hurdle. It concludes  investors in Russian bonds should organize themselves and force legal action.What's at stake for Russia with default?As of now  Moscow's coffers are filled with euros and dollars from commodities exports and funding isn't an issue. But in the future Russia may want to borrow from outside of its borders again  for example from China.Being declared in default is a problem because investors aren't keen on lending to defaulters. As of now  international lenders are mostly scared away from lending to Russia as they fear to entangle themselves in the Western sanctions regime.But  even if Russia were to find allies to the east  it would come at a cost  Timothy Ash  an economist at BlueBay Asset Management  told DW. ""I think Chinese entities will look at Russia very differently if it's in default. ... If they want to still lend to Russia  they will charge a high premium for that "" he said.Edited by: Uwe Hessler",negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['Russian default', 'foreign investors', 'sanctions', 'Putin', 'President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner', 'Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable', 'Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'The Wall Street Journal', 'initial sale price', 'US business newspaper', 'emerging-market fund manager', 'two private companies', 'National Settlement Depository', 'capital markets lawyer', 'The Russian bonds', 'legal fine print', 'US-led sanctions regime', 'Latin American country', 'Missed coupon payment', 'Russian settlement system', 'international ratings agency', 'long legal document', 'future coupon payments', 'international finance', 'Finance Ministry', 'two bonds', 'Russian payments', 'Russian Federation', 'depository banks', 'international channels', 'legal picture', 'legal ways', 'legal action', 'interest payments', 'legal documents', 'principal investment', 'seven events', 'messy picture', 'inner workings', 'multiple agents', 'paying agents', 'normal circumstances', 'British plane', 'Middle East', 'Paul McNamara', 'one feature', 'commodities exports', 'Russian assets', 'Bond holders', 'foreign debt', 'government bonds', 'relevant funds', 'relevant account', 'one investor', 'past 200 years', 'government debt', 'Euroclear account', 'Moody', 'bondholders', 'default', 'statement', 'Monday', 'total', 'status', 'investors', 'proceeds', 'purchase', 'expenses', 'maturity', 'creditors', 'Screenshot', 'Sunday', 'case', 'question', '143 pages', 'text', 'DW', 'Nonpayment', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'London', 'obligations', 'contract', 'regard', 'someone', 'control', 'courts', 'money', 'knowledge', 'reporters', 'Moscow', 'everything', 'horse', 'water', 'transaction', 'institutions', 'debtors', 'lapsed', 'Clearstream', 'services', 'result', 'NSD', 'accounts', 'plumbing', 'precautions', 'seizure', 'Countries', 'Argentina', 'period', 'December', 'Asia', 'jet', 'line', 'Americans', 'world', 'GAM', 'willingness', 'waiver', 'immunity', 'readiness', 'governments', 'ability', 'clause', 'investigation', 'hurdle', 'stake', 'coffers', 'euros', 'dollars', 'funding', 'issue', 'outs']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,dw.com
7115,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301578187.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina   June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and together with the Issuer  ""we"" or ""our"")  today…","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina   June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and together with the Issuer  ""we"" or ""our"")  today announced it has commenced an offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") for its New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined below) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents""). Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.The following table sets forth certain material terms of the Exchange Offer:Existing NotesDescription CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount Outstanding Exchange Consideration(1) 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023(2) Regulation S: CUSIP E7S78B AA0; ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D: CUSIP 69784D AA6; ISIN US69784DAA63 U.S.$120 000 000 U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the New Notes(3)(1) Per U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange at or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined herein) (such New Notes  the ""Exchange Consideration""). The Exchange Consideration does not include the Accrued Interest (as defined herein)  which shall be paid in cash together with the Exchange Consideration.(2) The Existing Notes are currently listed and traded on the Bolsas y Mercados Argentinos S.A. (the ""BYMA"") through the Bolsa de Comercio de Buenos Aires (the ""BCBA"") acting in accordance with the authority delegated by the BYMA to the BCBA and traded on the Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A.(3) To be issued in registered  global form and represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (""Clearstream"").The main purpose of the Exchange Offer is to provide Eligible Holders (as defined herein) with the opportunity to remain invested in the Issuer's debt securities by exchanging their Existing Notes for New Notes. The terms of the New Notes will be substantially identical to the terms of the Existing Notes  except primarily that the New Notes will provide an extended maturity and an increase in the rate at which interest will accrue. Regardless of the results of the Exchange Offer  the Existing Notes will mature on November 15  2023  at which time the Issuer will fully repay any outstanding Existing Notes not tendered in the Exchange Offer  unless repurchased  redeemed or exchanged prior to maturity. Participation in the Exchange Offer is voluntary and there is no minimum or maximum tender amount for the Exchange Offer.The tender of Existing Notes by an Eligible Holder pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum and the acceptance thereof by the Issuer will constitute an agreement between such Eligible Holder and the Issuer in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Documents. The Existing Notes exchanged in the Exchange Offer will be cancelled.To be eligible to receive the Exchange Consideration  Eligible Holders must validly tender their Existing Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022  unless extended by the Issuer in its sole discretion (such date and time  as may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). The deadlines set by any intermediary or relevant clearing system may be earlier than this deadline. Tenders of Existing Notes may not be withdrawn or revoked  unless required by applicable law. No alternative  conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted.In addition to the Exchange Consideration  on the Settlement Date (as defined herein)  Eligible Holders will be entitled to receive payment of accrued and unpaid interest from and including the interest payment date on November 15  2021 to  but not including  the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest cent) paid in cash with respect to Existing Notes accepted for exchange (the ""Accrued Interest""). Interest will cease to accrue on the Settlement Date for all Existing Notes accepted in the Exchange Offer. Tenders will be accepted and Accrued Interest will be paid through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC""). The delivery of New Notes will be made through Euroclear and Clearstream. Under no circumstances will any interest be payable because of any delay in the transmission of the Exchange Consideration or the Accrued Interest to Eligible Holders by DTC  Euroclear  Clearstream or any other clearing system.Eligible Holders of the Existing Notes who are Argentine Entity Offerees or Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees may be subject to certain tax withholdings resulting from the exchange of their Existing Notes. See ""The Exchange Offer—Additional Amounts"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum.The Issuer expects to deliver the New Notes and Accrued Interest on July 21  2022 in respect of Existing Notes which have been accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer  which is the fourth business day after the Expiration Date (such date  as may be extended  the ""Settlement Date"").To review the Exchange Offer Memorandum and participate in the Exchange Offer you must electronically submit an eligibility letter through the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility) (the ""Eligibility Letter"") certifying that you are an Eligible Holder. An ""Eligible Holder"" is a beneficial owner of Existing Notes that certifies that it is a person outside the United States (as defined in Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")) who is: (A) not a ""U.S. person"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act); and (B)(i) each person who is shown in the records of DTC as a holder of the Existing Notes (also referred to as ""Direct Participants""); (ii) any broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or intermediary who holds Existing Notes; or (iii) each beneficial owner of Existing Notes holding the Existing Notes  directly or indirectly  in accounts in the name of a Direct Participant or other nominee or intermediary acting on the beneficial owner's behalf.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been registered under the Securities Act. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.For a description of the terms of the New Notes  see the Exchange Offer Documents.The New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"") as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other Argentine applicable laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Dispositions No. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  No. DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  No. DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and No. DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022 (together  the ""Dispositions""). The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022. The New Notes will be offered in Argentina by means of an Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) in the Spanish language  in accordance with the CNV Rules  containing substantially the same information as the Exchange Offer Memorandum  other than with respect to certain information required under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No.746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules (the ""Frequent Issuer Regime""). The CNV's authorizations mean only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. The CNV has not rendered any opinion in respect of the accuracy of the information contained in the Exchange Offer Memorandum or the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement. In making a decision to participate in the Exchange Offer  Eligible Holders must rely on their own review and examination of the Issuer. The Exchange Offer Memorandum is not intended for Eligible Holders in Argentina.Eligible Holders in Argentina are urged to read  must follow the procedures set forth in  and must rely exclusively on  the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the Frequent Issuer Regime  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation related the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.The Exchange Offer is subject to certain conditions  as more fully described in the Exchange Offer Memorandum  which may be asserted or waived by the Issuer in full or in part in its sole discretion. The Issuer reserves the right to  subject to applicable law  amend or terminate the Exchange Offer at any time and to not accept for exchange any Existing Notes tendered under the Exchange Offer. The Issuer will give you notice of any amendments or termination if required by applicable law.Subject to market conditions and in its sole discretion  the Issuer may  in the future  make an offering of debt securities that will be fungible with the New Notes. However  no assurance can be provided that any such offering will be made.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.To reimburse the time and cost of processing the tender of Existing Notes in the Exchange Offer  the Issuer will pay a processing fee to brokers acting on behalf of certain Eligible Holders. This processing fee will be payable to brokers only with respect to individual tenders of up to U.S.$250 000 aggregate principal amount of Existing Notes per each Eligible Holder and will be in an amount equal to 0.25% of the principal amount of such tendered Existing Notes that are accepted for exchange. See ""The Exchange Offer—Processing Fee"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum for more information regarding eligibility requirements and the process brokers must follow to obtain the processing fee.Eligible Holders tendering Existing Notes in Argentina through participants in Caja de Valores S.A. (""Caja de Valores"") must also comply with the applicable procedures of  and deadlines specified by  Caja de Valores in connection with a tender of Existing Notes. Caja de Valores is a Direct Participant in DTC  Euroclear and Clearstream.Neither the delivery of the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor any offer of New Notes made thereunder will  under any circumstances  imply that there has been no change in our affairs or that the information set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum is correct as of any date subsequent to the date of the Exchange Offer Memorandum.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer is being made pursuant to the Exchange Offer Documents  copies of which will be delivered to holders of the Existing Notes  and which set forth the complete terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer. Eligible Holders are urged to read the Exchange Offer Documents carefully before making any decision with respect to their Existing Notes. The Exchange Offer is not being made to  nor will the Issuer accept exchanges of Existing Notes from holders in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make such an offer.Morrow Sodali International LLC is acting as the information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer. Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of this Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its email address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain Email: [email protected] / [email protected] Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: [email protected]In Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 203 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact:Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AAT)Buenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: [email protected]SOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.02,0.37,0.61,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Offer', 'Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A', 'Mercados Argentinos S.A.', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D', 'U.S.$1,000 principal amount', 'New York City time', 'Regulation S Global Notes', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount', 'CUSIP E7S78B AA0', 'CUSIP 69784D AA6', 'Bolsa de Comercio', 'relevant clearing system', 'other clearing system', 'Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Argentine Entity Offerees', 'Pan American Energy', 'maximum tender amount', 'The Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Outstanding Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'interest payment date', 'S.L.', 'ISIN US69784DAA63', 'global form', 'debt securities', 'New Notes', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'Argentine Branch', 'following table', 'Expiration Date', 'common depositary', 'main purpose', 'Eligible Holders', 'sole discretion', 'applicable law', 'alternative, conditional', 'Settlement Date', 'nearest cent', 'tax withholdings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'unconditional guarantee', 'extended maturity', 'Capitalized terms', 'material terms', 'Clearstream Banking', 'contingent tenders', 'Argentina', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'Issuer', 'conditions', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'Description', 'cash', 'Bolsas', 'BYMA', 'BCBA', 'accordance', 'authority', 'one', 'opportunity', 'increase', 'rate', 'results', 'November', 'Participation', 'minimum', 'procedures', 'acceptance', 'agreement', 'July', 'deadlines', 'intermediary', 'addition', 'DTC', 'delivery', 'circumstances', 'delay', 'transmission', '5:00']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7119,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear is Morgan venture. It's indirectly controlled by the same group that runs US Federal Reserve. Russians co… https://t.co/Si6kp25xDO,nan,Euroclear is Morgan venture. It's indirectly controlled by the same group that runs US Federal Reserve. Russians co… https://t.co/Si6kp25xDO,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,True,English,"['US Federal Reserve', 'Morgan venture', 'same group', 'Euroclear', 'Russians', 'Si6kp25xDO', 'US Federal Reserve', 'Morgan venture', 'same group', 'Euroclear', 'Russians', 'Si6kp25xDO']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7120,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear is playing a very dangerous game blocking the interest payments to investors of Russian bonds. Innocent i… https://t.co/QA1VDrNIi2,nan,Euroclear is playing a very dangerous game blocking the interest payments to investors of Russian bonds. Innocent i… https://t.co/QA1VDrNIi2,negative,0.02,0.11,0.87,negative,0.02,0.11,0.87,True,English,"['dangerous game', 'interest payments', 'Russian bonds', 'Euroclear', 'investors', 'Innocent', 'QA1VDrNIi2', 'dangerous game', 'interest payments', 'Russian bonds', 'Euroclear', 'investors', 'Innocent', 'QA1VDrNIi2']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7121,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,3. #Russia took precautions saying payments due been made via Euroclear financial intermediary.Euroclear was suppos… https://t.co/CNwxhWOvf4,nan,3. #Russia took precautions saying payments due been made via Euroclear financial intermediary.Euroclear was suppos… https://t.co/CNwxhWOvf4,negative,0.02,0.27,0.71,negative,0.02,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Euroclear,financial intermediary', 'precautions', 'payments', 'due', 'Euroclear,financial intermediary', 'precautions', 'payments', 'due']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7124,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pan-american-energy-l-argentine-175500779.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and...","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina   June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and together with the Issuer  ""we"" or ""our"")  today announced it has commenced an offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") for its New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined below) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents""). Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.The following table sets forth certain material terms of the Exchange Offer:Existing NotesDescription CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount Outstanding Exchange Consideration(1) 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023(2) Regulation S: CUSIP E7S78B AA0; ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D: CUSIP 69784D AA6; ISIN US69784DAA63 U.S.$120 000 000 U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the New Notes(3)(1) Per U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange at or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined herein) (such New Notes  the ""Exchange Consideration""). The Exchange Consideration does not include the Accrued Interest (as defined herein)  which shall be paid in cash together with the Exchange Consideration.(2) The Existing Notes are currently listed and traded on the Bolsas y Mercados Argentinos S.A. (the ""BYMA"") through the Bolsa de Comercio de Buenos Aires (the ""BCBA"") acting in accordance with the authority delegated by the BYMA to the BCBA and traded on the Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A.(3) To be issued in registered  global form and represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (""Clearstream"").Story continuesThe main purpose of the Exchange Offer is to provide Eligible Holders (as defined herein) with the opportunity to remain invested in the Issuer's debt securities by exchanging their Existing Notes for New Notes. The terms of the New Notes will be substantially identical to the terms of the Existing Notes  except primarily that the New Notes will provide an extended maturity and an increase in the rate at which interest will accrue. Regardless of the results of the Exchange Offer  the Existing Notes will mature on November 15  2023  at which time the Issuer will fully repay any outstanding Existing Notes not tendered in the Exchange Offer  unless repurchased  redeemed or exchanged prior to maturity. Participation in the Exchange Offer is voluntary and there is no minimum or maximum tender amount for the Exchange Offer.The tender of Existing Notes by an Eligible Holder pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum and the acceptance thereof by the Issuer will constitute an agreement between such Eligible Holder and the Issuer in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Documents. The Existing Notes exchanged in the Exchange Offer will be cancelled.To be eligible to receive the Exchange Consideration  Eligible Holders must validly tender their Existing Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022  unless extended by the Issuer in its sole discretion (such date and time  as may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). The deadlines set by any intermediary or relevant clearing system may be earlier than this deadline. Tenders of Existing Notes may not be withdrawn or revoked  unless required by applicable law. No alternative  conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted.In addition to the Exchange Consideration  on the Settlement Date (as defined herein)  Eligible Holders will be entitled to receive payment of accrued and unpaid interest from and including the interest payment date on November 15  2021 to  but not including  the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest cent) paid in cash with respect to Existing Notes accepted for exchange (the ""Accrued Interest""). Interest will cease to accrue on the Settlement Date for all Existing Notes accepted in the Exchange Offer. Tenders will be accepted and Accrued Interest will be paid through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC""). The delivery of New Notes will be made through Euroclear and Clearstream. Under no circumstances will any interest be payable because of any delay in the transmission of the Exchange Consideration or the Accrued Interest to Eligible Holders by DTC  Euroclear  Clearstream or any other clearing system.Eligible Holders of the Existing Notes who are Argentine Entity Offerees or Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees may be subject to certain tax withholdings resulting from the exchange of their Existing Notes. See ""The Exchange Offer—Additional Amounts"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum.The Issuer expects to deliver the New Notes and Accrued Interest on July 21  2022 in respect of Existing Notes which have been accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer  which is the fourth business day after the Expiration Date (such date  as may be extended  the ""Settlement Date"").To review the Exchange Offer Memorandum and participate in the Exchange Offer you must electronically submit an eligibility letter through the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility) (the ""Eligibility Letter"") certifying that you are an Eligible Holder. An ""Eligible Holder"" is a beneficial owner of Existing Notes that certifies that it is a person outside the United States (as defined in Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")) who is: (A) not a ""U.S. person"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act); and (B)(i) each person who is shown in the records of DTC as a holder of the Existing Notes (also referred to as ""Direct Participants""); (ii) any broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or intermediary who holds Existing Notes; or (iii) each beneficial owner of Existing Notes holding the Existing Notes  directly or indirectly  in accounts in the name of a Direct Participant or other nominee or intermediary acting on the beneficial owner's behalf.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been registered under the Securities Act. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.For a description of the terms of the New Notes  see the Exchange Offer Documents.The New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"") as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other Argentine applicable laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Dispositions No. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  No. DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  No. DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and No. DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022 (together  the ""Dispositions""). The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022. The New Notes will be offered in Argentina by means of an Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) in the Spanish language  in accordance with the CNV Rules  containing substantially the same information as the Exchange Offer Memorandum  other than with respect to certain information required under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No.746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules (the ""Frequent Issuer Regime""). The CNV's authorizations mean only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. The CNV has not rendered any opinion in respect of the accuracy of the information contained in the Exchange Offer Memorandum or the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement. In making a decision to participate in the Exchange Offer  Eligible Holders must rely on their own review and examination of the Issuer. The Exchange Offer Memorandum is not intended for Eligible Holders in Argentina.Eligible Holders in Argentina are urged to read  must follow the procedures set forth in  and must rely exclusively on  the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the Frequent Issuer Regime  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation related the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.The Exchange Offer is subject to certain conditions  as more fully described in the Exchange Offer Memorandum  which may be asserted or waived by the Issuer in full or in part in its sole discretion. The Issuer reserves the right to  subject to applicable law  amend or terminate the Exchange Offer at any time and to not accept for exchange any Existing Notes tendered under the Exchange Offer. The Issuer will give you notice of any amendments or termination if required by applicable law.Subject to market conditions and in its sole discretion  the Issuer may  in the future  make an offering of debt securities that will be fungible with the New Notes. However  no assurance can be provided that any such offering will be made.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.To reimburse the time and cost of processing the tender of Existing Notes in the Exchange Offer  the Issuer will pay a processing fee to brokers acting on behalf of certain Eligible Holders. This processing fee will be payable to brokers only with respect to individual tenders of up to U.S.$250 000 aggregate principal amount of Existing Notes per each Eligible Holder and will be in an amount equal to 0.25% of the principal amount of such tendered Existing Notes that are accepted for exchange. See ""The Exchange Offer—Processing Fee"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum for more information regarding eligibility requirements and the process brokers must follow to obtain the processing fee.Eligible Holders tendering Existing Notes in Argentina through participants in Caja de Valores S.A. (""Caja de Valores"") must also comply with the applicable procedures of  and deadlines specified by  Caja de Valores in connection with a tender of Existing Notes. Caja de Valores is a Direct Participant in DTC  Euroclear and Clearstream.Neither the delivery of the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor any offer of New Notes made thereunder will  under any circumstances  imply that there has been no change in our affairs or that the information set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum is correct as of any date subsequent to the date of the Exchange Offer Memorandum.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer is being made pursuant to the Exchange Offer Documents  copies of which will be delivered to holders of the Existing Notes  and which set forth the complete terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer. Eligible Holders are urged to read the Exchange Offer Documents carefully before making any decision with respect to their Existing Notes. The Exchange Offer is not being made to  nor will the Issuer accept exchanges of Existing Notes from holders in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make such an offer.Morrow Sodali International LLC is acting as the information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer. Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of this Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its email address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain Email: tommaso.grospietro@gruposantander.com / alex.pilkington@gruposantander.com Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comIn Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 203 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact:Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AAT)Buenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301578187.htmlSOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.2,0.37,0.43,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Offer', 'Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A', 'Mercados Argentinos S.A.', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D', 'U.S.$1,000 principal amount', 'New York City time', 'Regulation S Global Notes', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount', 'CUSIP E7S78B AA0', 'CUSIP 69784D AA6', 'Bolsa de Comercio', 'relevant clearing system', 'other clearing system', 'Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Argentine Entity Offerees', 'Pan American Energy', 'maximum tender amount', 'The Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Outstanding Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'interest payment date', 'S.L.', 'ISIN US69784DAA63', 'global form', 'debt securities', 'New Notes', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'Argentine Branch', 'following table', 'Expiration Date', 'common depositary', 'main purpose', 'Eligible Holders', 'sole discretion', 'applicable law', 'alternative, conditional', 'Settlement Date', 'nearest cent', 'tax withholdings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'unconditional guarantee', 'extended maturity', 'Capitalized terms', 'material terms', 'Clearstream Banking', 'contingent tenders', 'Argentina', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'Issuer', 'conditions', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'Description', 'cash', 'Bolsas', 'BYMA', 'BCBA', 'accordance', 'authority', 'one', 'Story', 'opportunity', 'increase', 'rate', 'results', 'November', 'Participation', 'minimum', 'procedures', 'acceptance', 'agreement', 'July', 'deadlines', 'intermediary', 'addition', 'DTC', 'delivery', 'circumstances', 'delay', 'transmission', '5:00']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7125,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.dw.com/en/russian-default-will-sanctions-hurt-putins-foreign-investors/a-62298686,Russian default: Will sanctions hurt Putin's foreign investors?,By most accounts  Russia has defaulted on its sovereign debt because it was unable to make a payment to its creditors. But reality is trickier than that  and shows Moscow has been strategic in bracing for the fallout. Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that…,"Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that Russia defaulted on foreign debt after bondholders did not receive $100 million (€94.9 million) in interest payments.""Missed coupon payment constitutes a default "" the international ratings agency said in a statement late on Monday  adding that further defaults on future coupon payments ""are likely.""Russia has a total of about $40 billion outstanding in foreign debt  and the legal picture is unclear as to the status of default.What is default?The way government debt works is that investors globally buy so-called government bonds — basically legal documents. The government gets to use the proceeds from the purchase for its expenses and agrees to periodically pay interest payments to the investor. After maturity of the bond  the government returns the initial sale price — the principal investment — to creditors and the debt dissolves.Screenshot of the Russian bond that lapsed on SundayWhat counts as default is stipulated in the legal fine print. Each government bond comes as a long legal document  in the case of one of the Russian bonds in question 143 pages of text. This document  seen by DW  defines seven events of default. Most pressing: Nonpayment.Did Russia default?Even though Moody's declared Russia in default  the legal documents present a messy picture. Speaking on the condition of anonymity  a capital markets lawyer in London told DW that at the very least Russia hasn’t ""complied with their obligations under the contract.""With regard to what ""nonpayment"" means in the legal documents  the lawyer said: ""Can someone fail to pay if they have actually done all there is to do within their control to make the payment ... and ensure the relevant funds leave the relevant account?""Legally  courts will decide whether the country defaulted. But how can money be paid but not received?Did Russia pay its creditors?The inner workings of international finance are intricate. At least one investor had knowledge of a payment sent but not received  US business newspaper The Wall Street Journal reported this week. And Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov told reporters in Moscow last week that Russia has done everything ""to lead the horse to water. But it's not up to us whether it wants to drink or not.""Because of the US-led sanctions regime  the international channels of sending payments aren't open for Russia anymore. In such a transaction multiple agents are involved like paying agents  who send the funds to clearing institutions which handle interest payments for debtors and creditors.The lapsed Russian bonds were to be cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream — two private companies that offer such services but which are currently barred from clearing Russian payments as a result of sanctions.Instead  Russia's Finance Ministry said it had transferred interest payments to a Euroclear account in the Russian settlement system  the National Settlement Depository (NSD). Under normal circumstances  Euroclear would have then transferred the money into its own system and then to the depository banks that have accounts with Euroclear and finally to the bondholders. But Euroclear is not allowed to process any further.""So technically speaking the money is no longer in an account of the Russian Federation  but it's already in an account that doesn't belong to the Russian Federation  and the Russian Federation cannot take the money back "" the capital markets lawyer said  assuming the money ""is somewhere stuck in the plumbing.""Russia has precautions against seizure of assetsCountries have defaulted in the past. Argentina defaulted nine times in the past 200 years. During a period of default in December 2013  the Latin American country was unsure about its assets.Bond holders can seize a defaulted debtor's assets  which was why Argentina's government chartered a British plane for then President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner to visit Asia and the Middle East. This way the government's jet wasn't on the line.""I suspect  remembering what happened with Argentina  that the Americans would be keen to have creditors chasing Russian assets all over the world "" Paul McNamara  an emerging-market fund manager at GAM  told the Wall Street Journal.But Russia's default is different. Not only is there a willingness to service the debt. The two bonds breached on Sunday lack one feature usually present in such documents: a waiver of immunity.""There is money  and there is also the readiness to pay "" Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov saidUsually  governments grant creditors the ability to sue them. The Russian bonds issued in 2016 and 2021 have no such clause. An investigation posted to Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable found  there are legal ways around this hurdle. It concludes  investors in Russian bonds should organize themselves and force legal action.What's at stake for Russia with default?As of now  Moscow's coffers are filled with euros and dollars from commodities exports and funding isn't an issue. But in the future Russia may want to borrow from outside of its borders again  for example from China.Being declared in default is a problem because investors aren't keen on lending to defaulters. As of now  international lenders are mostly scared away from lending to Russia as they fear to entangle themselves in the Western sanctions regime.But  even if Russia were to find allies to the east  it would come at a cost  Timothy Ash  an economist at BlueBay Asset Management  told DW. ""I think Chinese entities will look at Russia very differently if it's in default. ... If they want to still lend to Russia  they will charge a high premium for that "" he said.Edited by: Uwe Hessler",negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['Russian default', 'foreign investors', 'sanctions', 'Putin', 'President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner', 'Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable', 'Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'The Wall Street Journal', 'initial sale price', 'US business newspaper', 'emerging-market fund manager', 'two private companies', 'National Settlement Depository', 'capital markets lawyer', 'The Russian bonds', 'legal fine print', 'US-led sanctions regime', 'Latin American country', 'Missed coupon payment', 'Russian settlement system', 'international ratings agency', 'long legal document', 'future coupon payments', 'international finance', 'Finance Ministry', 'two bonds', 'Russian payments', 'Russian Federation', 'depository banks', 'international channels', 'legal picture', 'legal ways', 'legal action', 'interest payments', 'legal documents', 'principal investment', 'seven events', 'messy picture', 'inner workings', 'multiple agents', 'paying agents', 'normal circumstances', 'British plane', 'Middle East', 'Paul McNamara', 'one feature', 'commodities exports', 'Russian assets', 'Bond holders', 'foreign debt', 'government bonds', 'relevant funds', 'relevant account', 'one investor', 'past 200 years', 'government debt', 'Euroclear account', 'Moody', 'bondholders', 'default', 'statement', 'Monday', 'total', 'status', 'investors', 'proceeds', 'purchase', 'expenses', 'maturity', 'creditors', 'Screenshot', 'Sunday', 'case', 'question', '143 pages', 'text', 'DW', 'Nonpayment', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'London', 'obligations', 'contract', 'regard', 'someone', 'control', 'courts', 'money', 'knowledge', 'reporters', 'Moscow', 'everything', 'horse', 'water', 'transaction', 'institutions', 'debtors', 'lapsed', 'Clearstream', 'services', 'result', 'NSD', 'accounts', 'plumbing', 'precautions', 'seizure', 'Countries', 'Argentina', 'period', 'December', 'Asia', 'jet', 'line', 'Americans', 'world', 'GAM', 'willingness', 'waiver', 'immunity', 'readiness', 'governments', 'ability', 'clause', 'investigation', 'hurdle', 'stake', 'coffers', 'euros', 'dollars', 'funding', 'issue', 'outs']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,dw.com
7126,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.dw.com/en/russias-default-will-investors-take-a-hit/a-62298686,Russia's default explained: Will investors take a hit?,By most accounts  Russia has defaulted on its sovereign debt because it was unable to make a payment to its creditors. But reality is trickier than that  and shows Moscow has been strategic in bracing for the fallout. Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that…,"Moody's ratings agency has confirmed that Russia defaulted on foreign debt after bondholders did not receive $100 million (€94.9 million) in interest payments.""Missed coupon payment constitutes a default "" the international ratings agency said in a statement late on Monday  adding that further defaults on future coupon payments ""are likely.""Russia has a total of about $40 billion outstanding in foreign debt  and the legal picture is unclear as to the status of default.What is default?The way government debt works is that investors globally buy so-called government bonds — basically legal documents. The government gets to use the proceeds from the purchase for its expenses and agrees to periodically pay interest payments to the investor. After maturity of the bond  the government returns the initial sale price — the principal investment — to creditors and the debt dissolves.Screenshot of the Russian bond that lapsed on SundayWhat counts as default is stipulated in the legal fine print. Each government bond comes as a long legal document  in the case of one of the Russian bonds in question 143 pages of text. This document  seen by DW  defines seven events of default. Most pressing: Nonpayment.Did Russia default?Even though Moody's declared Russia in default  the legal documents present a messy picture. Speaking on the condition of anonymity  a capital markets lawyer in London told DW that at the very least Russia hasn’t ""complied with their obligations under the contract.""With regard to what ""nonpayment"" means in the legal documents  the lawyer said: ""Can someone fail to pay if they have actually done all there is to do within their control to make the payment ... and ensure the relevant funds leave the relevant account?""Legally  courts will decide whether the country defaulted. But how can money be paid but not received?Did Russia pay its creditors?The inner workings of international finance are intricate. At least one investor had knowledge of a payment sent but not received  US business newspaper The Wall Street Journal reported this week. And Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov told reporters in Moscow last week that Russia has done everything ""to lead the horse to water. But it's not up to us whether it wants to drink or not.""Because of the US-led sanctions regime  the international channels of sending payments aren't open for Russia anymore. In such a transaction multiple agents are involved like paying agents  who send the funds to clearing institutions which handle interest payments for debtors and creditors.The lapsed Russian bonds were to be cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream — two private companies that offer such services but which are currently barred from clearing Russian payments as a result of sanctions.Instead  Russia's Finance Ministry said it had transferred interest payments to a Euroclear account in the Russian settlement system  the National Settlement Depository (NSD). Under normal circumstances  Euroclear would have then transferred the money into its own system and then to the depository banks that have accounts with Euroclear and finally to the bondholders. But Euroclear is not allowed to process any further.""So technically speaking the money is no longer in an account of the Russian Federation  but it's already in an account that doesn't belong to the Russian Federation  and the Russian Federation cannot take the money back "" the capital markets lawyer said  assuming the money ""is somewhere stuck in the plumbing.""Russia has precautions against seizure of assetsCountries have defaulted in the past. Argentina defaulted nine times in the past 200 years. During a period of default in December 2013  the Latin American country was unsure about its assets.Bond holders can seize a defaulted debtor's assets  which was why Argentina's government chartered a British plane for then President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner to visit Asia and the Middle East. This way the government's jet wasn't on the line.""I suspect  remembering what happened with Argentina  that the Americans would be keen to have creditors chasing Russian assets all over the world "" Paul McNamara  an emerging-market fund manager at GAM  told the Wall Street Journal.But Russia's default is different. Not only is there a willingness to service the debt. The two bonds breached on Sunday lack one feature usually present in such documents: a waiver of immunity.""There is money  and there is also the readiness to pay "" Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov saidUsually  governments grant creditors the ability to sue them. The Russian bonds issued in 2016 and 2021 have no such clause. An investigation posted to Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable found  there are legal ways around this hurdle. It concludes  investors in Russian bonds should organize themselves and force legal action.What's at stake for Russia with default?As of now  Moscow's coffers are filled with euros and dollars from commodities exports and funding isn't an issue. But in the future Russia may want to borrow from outside of its borders again  for example from China.Being declared in default is a problem because investors aren't keen on lending to defaulters. As of now  international lenders are mostly scared away from lending to Russia as they fear to entangle themselves in the Western sanctions regime.But  even if Russia were to find allies to the east  it would come at a cost  Timothy Ash  an economist at BlueBay Asset Management  told DW. ""I think Chinese entities will look at Russia very differently if it's in default. ... If they want to still lend to Russia  they will charge a high premium for that "" he said.Edited by: Uwe Hessler",negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['Russia', 'default', 'investors', 'hit', 'President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner', 'Harvard Law School Bankruptcy Roundtable', 'Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'The Wall Street Journal', 'initial sale price', 'US business newspaper', 'emerging-market fund manager', 'two private companies', 'National Settlement Depository', 'capital markets lawyer', 'The Russian bonds', 'legal fine print', 'US-led sanctions regime', 'Latin American country', 'Missed coupon payment', 'Russian settlement system', 'international ratings agency', 'long legal document', 'future coupon payments', 'international finance', 'Finance Ministry', 'two bonds', 'Russian payments', 'Russian Federation', 'depository banks', 'international channels', 'legal picture', 'legal ways', 'legal action', 'interest payments', 'legal documents', 'principal investment', 'seven events', 'messy picture', 'inner workings', 'multiple agents', 'paying agents', 'normal circumstances', 'British plane', 'Middle East', 'Paul McNamara', 'one feature', 'commodities exports', 'Russian assets', 'Bond holders', 'foreign debt', 'government bonds', 'relevant funds', 'relevant account', 'one investor', 'past 200 years', 'government debt', 'Euroclear account', 'Moody', 'bondholders', 'default', 'statement', 'Monday', 'total', 'status', 'investors', 'proceeds', 'purchase', 'expenses', 'maturity', 'creditors', 'Screenshot', 'Sunday', 'case', 'question', '143 pages', 'text', 'DW', 'Nonpayment', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'London', 'obligations', 'contract', 'regard', 'someone', 'control', 'courts', 'money', 'knowledge', 'reporters', 'Moscow', 'everything', 'horse', 'water', 'transaction', 'institutions', 'debtors', 'lapsed', 'Clearstream', 'services', 'result', 'NSD', 'accounts', 'plumbing', 'precautions', 'seizure', 'Countries', 'Argentina', 'period', 'December', 'Asia', 'jet', 'line', 'Americans', 'world', 'GAM', 'willingness', 'waiver', 'immunity', 'readiness', 'governments', 'ability', 'clause', 'investigation', 'hurdle', 'stake', 'coffers', 'euros', 'dollars', 'funding', 'issue', 'outs']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,dw.com
7127,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301578187.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina   June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and together with the Issuer  ""we"" or ""our"")  today…","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina   June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American "" and together with the Issuer  ""we"" or ""our"")  today announced it has commenced an offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") for its New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined below) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents""). Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.The following table sets forth certain material terms of the Exchange Offer:Existing NotesDescription CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount Outstanding Exchange Consideration(1) 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023(2) Regulation S: CUSIP E7S78B AA0; ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D: CUSIP 69784D AA6; ISIN US69784DAA63 U.S.$120 000 000 U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the New Notes(3)(1) Per U.S.$1 000 principal amount of the Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange at or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined herein) (such New Notes  the ""Exchange Consideration""). The Exchange Consideration does not include the Accrued Interest (as defined herein)  which shall be paid in cash together with the Exchange Consideration.(2) The Existing Notes are currently listed and traded on the Bolsas y Mercados Argentinos S.A. (the ""BYMA"") through the Bolsa de Comercio de Buenos Aires (the ""BCBA"") acting in accordance with the authority delegated by the BYMA to the BCBA and traded on the Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A.(3) To be issued in registered  global form and represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (""Clearstream"").The main purpose of the Exchange Offer is to provide Eligible Holders (as defined herein) with the opportunity to remain invested in the Issuer's debt securities by exchanging their Existing Notes for New Notes. The terms of the New Notes will be substantially identical to the terms of the Existing Notes  except primarily that the New Notes will provide an extended maturity and an increase in the rate at which interest will accrue. Regardless of the results of the Exchange Offer  the Existing Notes will mature on November 15  2023  at which time the Issuer will fully repay any outstanding Existing Notes not tendered in the Exchange Offer  unless repurchased  redeemed or exchanged prior to maturity. Participation in the Exchange Offer is voluntary and there is no minimum or maximum tender amount for the Exchange Offer.The tender of Existing Notes by an Eligible Holder pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum and the acceptance thereof by the Issuer will constitute an agreement between such Eligible Holder and the Issuer in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Documents. The Existing Notes exchanged in the Exchange Offer will be cancelled.To be eligible to receive the Exchange Consideration  Eligible Holders must validly tender their Existing Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022  unless extended by the Issuer in its sole discretion (such date and time  as may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). The deadlines set by any intermediary or relevant clearing system may be earlier than this deadline. Tenders of Existing Notes may not be withdrawn or revoked  unless required by applicable law. No alternative  conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted.In addition to the Exchange Consideration  on the Settlement Date (as defined herein)  Eligible Holders will be entitled to receive payment of accrued and unpaid interest from and including the interest payment date on November 15  2021 to  but not including  the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest cent) paid in cash with respect to Existing Notes accepted for exchange (the ""Accrued Interest""). Interest will cease to accrue on the Settlement Date for all Existing Notes accepted in the Exchange Offer. Tenders will be accepted and Accrued Interest will be paid through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC""). The delivery of New Notes will be made through Euroclear and Clearstream. Under no circumstances will any interest be payable because of any delay in the transmission of the Exchange Consideration or the Accrued Interest to Eligible Holders by DTC  Euroclear  Clearstream or any other clearing system.Eligible Holders of the Existing Notes who are Argentine Entity Offerees or Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees may be subject to certain tax withholdings resulting from the exchange of their Existing Notes. See ""The Exchange Offer—Additional Amounts"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum.The Issuer expects to deliver the New Notes and Accrued Interest on July 21  2022 in respect of Existing Notes which have been accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer  which is the fourth business day after the Expiration Date (such date  as may be extended  the ""Settlement Date"").To review the Exchange Offer Memorandum and participate in the Exchange Offer you must electronically submit an eligibility letter through the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility) (the ""Eligibility Letter"") certifying that you are an Eligible Holder. An ""Eligible Holder"" is a beneficial owner of Existing Notes that certifies that it is a person outside the United States (as defined in Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")) who is: (A) not a ""U.S. person"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act); and (B)(i) each person who is shown in the records of DTC as a holder of the Existing Notes (also referred to as ""Direct Participants""); (ii) any broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or intermediary who holds Existing Notes; or (iii) each beneficial owner of Existing Notes holding the Existing Notes  directly or indirectly  in accounts in the name of a Direct Participant or other nominee or intermediary acting on the beneficial owner's behalf.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been registered under the Securities Act. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.For a description of the terms of the New Notes  see the Exchange Offer Documents.The New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"") as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other Argentine applicable laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Dispositions No. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  No. DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  No. DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and No. DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022 (together  the ""Dispositions""). The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022. The New Notes will be offered in Argentina by means of an Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) in the Spanish language  in accordance with the CNV Rules  containing substantially the same information as the Exchange Offer Memorandum  other than with respect to certain information required under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No.746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules (the ""Frequent Issuer Regime""). The CNV's authorizations mean only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. The CNV has not rendered any opinion in respect of the accuracy of the information contained in the Exchange Offer Memorandum or the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement. In making a decision to participate in the Exchange Offer  Eligible Holders must rely on their own review and examination of the Issuer. The Exchange Offer Memorandum is not intended for Eligible Holders in Argentina.Eligible Holders in Argentina are urged to read  must follow the procedures set forth in  and must rely exclusively on  the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the Frequent Issuer Regime  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation related the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.The Exchange Offer is subject to certain conditions  as more fully described in the Exchange Offer Memorandum  which may be asserted or waived by the Issuer in full or in part in its sole discretion. The Issuer reserves the right to  subject to applicable law  amend or terminate the Exchange Offer at any time and to not accept for exchange any Existing Notes tendered under the Exchange Offer. The Issuer will give you notice of any amendments or termination if required by applicable law.Subject to market conditions and in its sole discretion  the Issuer may  in the future  make an offering of debt securities that will be fungible with the New Notes. However  no assurance can be provided that any such offering will be made.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.To reimburse the time and cost of processing the tender of Existing Notes in the Exchange Offer  the Issuer will pay a processing fee to brokers acting on behalf of certain Eligible Holders. This processing fee will be payable to brokers only with respect to individual tenders of up to U.S.$250 000 aggregate principal amount of Existing Notes per each Eligible Holder and will be in an amount equal to 0.25% of the principal amount of such tendered Existing Notes that are accepted for exchange. See ""The Exchange Offer—Processing Fee"" in the Exchange Offer Memorandum for more information regarding eligibility requirements and the process brokers must follow to obtain the processing fee.Eligible Holders tendering Existing Notes in Argentina through participants in Caja de Valores S.A. (""Caja de Valores"") must also comply with the applicable procedures of  and deadlines specified by  Caja de Valores in connection with a tender of Existing Notes. Caja de Valores is a Direct Participant in DTC  Euroclear and Clearstream.Neither the delivery of the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor any offer of New Notes made thereunder will  under any circumstances  imply that there has been no change in our affairs or that the information set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum is correct as of any date subsequent to the date of the Exchange Offer Memorandum.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer is being made pursuant to the Exchange Offer Documents  copies of which will be delivered to holders of the Existing Notes  and which set forth the complete terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer. Eligible Holders are urged to read the Exchange Offer Documents carefully before making any decision with respect to their Existing Notes. The Exchange Offer is not being made to  nor will the Issuer accept exchanges of Existing Notes from holders in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make such an offer.Morrow Sodali International LLC is acting as the information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer. Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of this Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its email address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website (https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain Email: [email protected] / [email protected] Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: [email protected]In Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 203 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact:Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AAT)Buenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: [email protected]SOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.02,0.37,0.61,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Offer', 'Mercado Abierto Electrónico S.A', 'Mercados Argentinos S.A.', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'ISIN USE7S78BAA00 Regulation D', 'U.S.$1,000 principal amount', 'New York City time', 'Regulation S Global Notes', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'CUSIP/ISIN Principal Amount', 'CUSIP E7S78B AA0', 'CUSIP 69784D AA6', 'Bolsa de Comercio', 'relevant clearing system', 'other clearing system', 'Non-Cooperating Jurisdiction Offerees', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Argentine Entity Offerees', 'Pan American Energy', 'maximum tender amount', 'The Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Outstanding Exchange Consideration', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'interest payment date', 'S.L.', 'ISIN US69784DAA63', 'global form', 'debt securities', 'New Notes', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'Argentine Branch', 'following table', 'Expiration Date', 'common depositary', 'main purpose', 'Eligible Holders', 'sole discretion', 'applicable law', 'alternative, conditional', 'Settlement Date', 'nearest cent', 'tax withholdings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'unconditional guarantee', 'extended maturity', 'Capitalized terms', 'material terms', 'Clearstream Banking', 'contingent tenders', 'Argentina', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'Issuer', 'conditions', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'Description', 'cash', 'Bolsas', 'BYMA', 'BCBA', 'accordance', 'authority', 'one', 'opportunity', 'increase', 'rate', 'results', 'November', 'Participation', 'minimum', 'procedures', 'acceptance', 'agreement', 'July', 'deadlines', 'intermediary', 'addition', 'DTC', 'delivery', 'circumstances', 'delay', 'transmission', '5:00']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7128,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@emoneyeth @BNYMellon @StateStreet @jpmorgan @Citi @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @BNPParibas @HSBC @CACEIS Lots of ta… https://t.co/aow2BHYPuZ,nan,@emoneyeth @BNYMellon @StateStreet @jpmorgan @Citi @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @BNPParibas @HSBC @CACEIS Lots of ta… https://t.co/aow2BHYPuZ,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['emoneyeth', 'BNYMellon', 'StateStreet', 'jpmorgan', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'NorthernTrust', 'BNPParibas', 'HSBC', 'CACEIS', 'Lots', 'aow2BHYPuZ', 'emoneyeth', 'BNYMellon', 'StateStreet', 'jpmorgan', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'NorthernTrust', 'BNPParibas', 'HSBC', 'CACEIS', 'Lots', 'aow2BHYPuZ']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7129,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@EthCLWP @BNYMellon @StateStreet @jpmorgan @Citi @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @BNPParibas @HSBC @CACEIS Thanks for the info mate  appreciated,nan,@EthCLWP @BNYMellon @StateStreet @jpmorgan @Citi @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @BNPParibas @HSBC @CACEIS Thanks for the info mate  appreciated,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['info mate', 'EthCLWP', 'BNYMellon', 'StateStreet', 'jpmorgan', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'NorthernTrust', 'BNPParibas', 'HSBC', 'CACEIS', 'info mate', 'EthCLWP', 'BNYMellon', 'StateStreet', 'jpmorgan', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'NorthernTrust', 'BNPParibas', 'HSBC', 'CACEIS']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7130,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@emoneyeth @BNYMellon @StateStreet @jpmorgan @Citi @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @BNPParibas @HSBC @CACEIS I told you… https://t.co/unUztsYgCd,nan,@emoneyeth @BNYMellon @StateStreet @jpmorgan @Citi @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @BNPParibas @HSBC @CACEIS I told you… https://t.co/unUztsYgCd,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['emoneyeth', 'BNYMellon', 'StateStreet', 'jpmorgan', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'NorthernTrust', 'BNPParibas', 'HSBC', 'CACEIS', 'unUztsYgCd', 'emoneyeth', 'BNYMellon', 'StateStreet', 'jpmorgan', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'NorthernTrust', 'BNPParibas', 'HSBC', 'CACEIS', 'unUztsYgCd']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7131,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Submit your best caption to this week’s #CoziSayWHAT for a chance to win a ClearStream MAX-V indoor/outdoor TV ante… https://t.co/zsIIpYTybn,nan,Submit your best caption to this week’s #CoziSayWHAT for a chance to win a ClearStream MAX-V indoor/outdoor TV ante… https://t.co/zsIIpYTybn,positive,0.68,0.31,0.02,positive,0.68,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream MAX-V indoor/outdoor TV ante', 'best caption', 'week', 'chance', 'zsIIpYTybn', 'ClearStream MAX-V indoor/outdoor TV ante', 'best caption', 'week', 'chance', 'zsIIpYTybn']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7132,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Green of ravinehttps://t.co/h3U8KSjcKm#Summer #river #valley #mountainstream #clearstream #water #clear #leaf… https://t.co/MQWLjivnID,nan,Green of ravinehttps://t.co/h3U8KSjcKm#Summer #river #valley #mountainstream #clearstream #water #clear #leaf… https://t.co/MQWLjivnID,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Green', 'ravine', 'h3U8KSjcKm', 'Summer', 'river', 'valley', 'mountainstream', 'clearstream', 'water', 'leaf', 'MQWLjivnID', 'Green', 'ravine', 'h3U8KSjcKm', 'Summer', 'river', 'valley', 'mountainstream', 'clearstream', 'water', 'leaf', 'MQWLjivnID']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7133,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Really great and interesting read on Deutsche Börse’s  cloud journey. Really awesome the depth of the discussion. I… https://t.co/9aiCXIAx3l,nan,Really great and interesting read on Deutsche Börse’s  cloud journey. Really awesome the depth of the discussion. I… https://t.co/9aiCXIAx3l,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'interesting read', 'cloud journey', 'great', 'depth', 'discussion', '9aiCXIAx3l', 'Deutsche Börse', 'interesting read', 'cloud journey', 'great', 'depth', 'discussion', '9aiCXIAx3l']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/italian-design-brands-preparing-milan-ipo-fund-growth-2022-06-29/,Italian Design Brands preparing Milan IPO to fund growth - Reuters.com,Italian Design Brands (IDB) has kicked off the process for a initial public offering with the aim to list on the Star segment of the Euronext bourse in Milan  it said in a statement on Wednesday.,MILAN  June 29 (Reuters) - Italian Design Brands (IDB) has kicked off the process for a initial public offering with the aim to list on the Star segment of the Euronext bourse in Milan  it said in a statement on Wednesday.Founded in 2015 to promote a hub of high-quality Italian furniture and design companies  IDB has appointed Citigroup and Equita as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the IPO  with Equita acting as sponsor.The offer is expected to be completed by the first half of 2023  subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterThe proceeds from the IPO will be used to fund growth  both organically and through acquisitions  it said.In 2021  IDB reported a turnover of around 144 million euros ($151 million).($1 = 0.9515 euros)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Agnieszka Flak; editing by Jason NeelyOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', 'Milan IPO', 'growth', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'initial public offering', 'high-quality Italian furniture', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'Italian Design Brands', 'joint global coordinators', 'design companies', 'joint bookrunners', 'Star segment', 'Euronext bourse', 'first half', 'market conditions', 'regulatory approvals', 'Agnieszka Flak', 'Jason Neely', '144 million euros', '0.9515 euros', 'MILAN', 'June', 'IDB', 'process', 'aim', 'statement', 'Wednesday', 'hub', 'Citigroup', 'Equita', 'IPO', 'sponsor', 'proceeds', 'growth', 'acquisitions', 'turnover', 'Reporting', 'editing', 'Standards']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,reuters.com
7136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-reports-revenue-growth-5m22-052300988.html,VEON reports revenue growth for 5M22 at AGM,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  will disclose key financial...,"AMSTERDAM  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  will disclose key financial highlights for the first five months of 2022 (""5M22"") at the annual general meeting of shareholders (the ""AGM"") being held today.VEON Group 5M22 consolidated revenue  is in positive territory  up by 1.3% in reported currency  and by 8.7% YoY in local currency terms  with six of the eight countries reporting double-digit local currency revenue growth for the period.Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: ""Our digital operator strategy is delivering solid results  enabled by growing 4G penetration. VEON Group's topline growth was an encouraging 8.7% YoY in local currency terms  driven by solid performance in our operations  despite the particularly challenging circumstances. Building on an expanding portfolio of services and with a constant focus on customer experience  our operations are growing their subscriber base  improving their user engagement  reducing churn  increasing their ARPU levels and gaining market share. I am proud of the work done by our teams  and would like to thank our Board and shareholders for their support.""*The table details the 5M22 revenue and EBITDA trends on a country-by-country basis.* EBITDA normalised in Ukraine and Kazakhstan is related to employee support and the extraordinary charitable donations in 1Q22. Kyrgyzstan relates to a reversal of a tax accrual in 2Q21.The full AGM presentation is available on the VEON Group website at https://www.veon.com/investors/equity-investors/agm/.DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  ""inside information"" as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Story continuesVEON's year-to-date results presented in this press release are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS  using internal management accounts  are the responsibility of management and are subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and have not been externally audited  reviewed or verified. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the quarter or any future period.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and internet services.For more information visit: www.veon.comContact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com+31 20 79 77 200CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-reports-revenue-growth-for-5m22-at-agm-301577623.htmlSOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,mixed,0.35,0.21,0.45,True,English,"['revenue growth', 'VEON', '5M22', 'AGM', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'double-digit local currency revenue growth', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Group 5M22 consolidated revenue', 'local currency terms', 'key financial highlights', 'first five months', 'annual general meeting', 'digital operator strategy', 'extraordinary charitable donations', 'financial closing procedures', 'global digital operator', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'internal management accounts', 'VEON Group website', 'full AGM presentation', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', '5M22 revenue', 'topline growth', 'Group CEO', 'market share', 'global provider', 'VEON Ltd.', 'positive territory', 'eight countries', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'solid results', '4G penetration', 'solid performance', 'expanding portfolio', 'constant focus', 'customer experience', 'subscriber base', 'user engagement', 'ARPU levels', 'country basis', 'tax accrual', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'management plans', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'original content', 'mobile connectivity', 'encouraging 8.7% YoY', 'challenging circumstances', 'EBITDA trends', 'employee support', 'unanticipated events', 'future period', 'press release', 'date results', 'internet services', 'Contact Information', 'statements', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'shareholders', 'growing', 'operations', 'churn', 'work', 'teams', 'Board', 'Ukraine', 'Kazakhstan', '1Q22', 'Kyrgyzstan', 'reversal', '2Q21', 'investors', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'occurrence', 'elements', 'Story', 'IFRS', 'responsibility', 'variations', 'quarter', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'reports', 'revenue-growth', '31']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/maxima-grup-prospectus-published-bb-144700729.html,Maxima Grupė base prospectus published and BB+ credit rating confirmed by Standard & Poor’s,On 28 June  2022 the Central Bank of Ireland approved a base prospectus in relation to Maxima Grupė’s new EUR 1 billion EMTN programme. Notes issued under...,MAXIMA GRUPE  UABOn 28 June  2022 the Central Bank of Ireland approved a base prospectus in relation to Maxima Grupė’s new EUR 1 billion EMTN programme. Notes issued under the EMTN programme will be listed on the regulated markets of Euronext Dublin and Nasdaq Vilnius. Citi  J.P. Morgan  Luminor and MUFG have been appointed as Arrangers and Dealers for the EMTN programme.In addition  on 29 June  2022  the international credit rating agency Standard & Poor’s reviewed Maxima Grupė’s operations and financial performance and confirmed Maxima Grupė’s a BB+ credit rating with stable outlook.Contact person:Povilas Šulys  Chief Financial Officer at MAXIMA GRUPĖ  UABpovilas.sulys@maximagrupe.eu,neutral,0.07,0.83,0.1,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Maxima Grupė base prospectus', 'BB+ credit rating', 'Standard & Poor', 'international credit rating agency Standard & Poor', 'new EUR 1 billion EMTN programme', 'BB+ credit rating', 'J.P. Morgan', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'financial performance', 'MAXIMA GRUPE', 'Central Bank', 'base prospectus', 'Maxima Grupė', 'regulated markets', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'stable outlook', 'Contact person', 'Povilas Šulys', 'UAB povilas', '28 June', 'Ireland', 'relation', 'Notes', 'Citi', 'Luminor', 'MUFG', 'Arrangers', 'Dealers', 'addition', '29 June', 'operations', 'sulys', 'maximagrupe']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyrstar-nv-results-annual-general-050000401.html,Nyrstar NV - Results of the annual general shareholders' meetings held on 28 June 2022,Regulated Information Nyrstar NV - Results of the annual general shareholders' meetings held on 28 June 2022 29 June 2021 at 07.00 CEST Nyrstar NV (the...,"NyrstarRegulated InformationNyrstar NV - Results of the annual general shareholders' meetings held on 28 June 202229 June 2021 at 07.00 CESTNyrstar NV (the ""Company"") held its annual general shareholders' meeting (""AGM"") in Brussels today.The AGM did not have an attendance quorum requirement for the items on the agenda. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the AGM.About NyrstarThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and  following completion of the recapitalisation/restructuring has a 2% shareholding in the Nyrstar group. The Company is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar website: www.nyrstar.beFor further information contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs and Legal M: +41 79 722 2152 anthony.simms@nyrstar.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,True,English,"[""annual general shareholders' meetings"", 'Nyrstar NV', 'Results', '28 June', ""annual general shareholders' meetings"", 'attendance quorum requirement', 'External Affairs', 'Legal M', 'Nyrstar NV', 'Nyrstar group', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nyrstar website', 'Anthony Simms', 'Regulated Information', 'The AGM', 'The Company', 'Results', '28 June', '07.00 CEST', 'items', 'agenda', 'Belgium', 'completion', 'recapitalisation/restructuring', '2% shareholding', 'symbol', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220622005611/en/Ipsen-Announces-U.S.-FDA-Priority-Review-for-palovarotene-New-Drug-Application-in-Patients-With-Fibrodysplasia-Ossificans-Progressiva-Following-Resubmission,Ipsen Announces U.S. FDA Priority Review for palovarotene New Drug Application in Patients With Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva Following Resubmission,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review its resubmitted New Drug Application (NDA) for investigational palovarotene for the tr…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review its resubmitted New Drug Application (NDA) for investigational palovarotene for the treatment of patients with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)  an ultra-rare genetic disorder. Ipsen is seeking approval of palovarotene  an oral  selective retinoic-acid receptor gamma (RARγ) agonist for the prevention of heterotopic ossification (HO; new bone formation outside of the normal skeletal system). The FDA has assigned 29 December 2022 as the Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date  which is on track with anticipated regulatory submission timelines.“ This FDA submission acceptance marks a significant milestone for those living with FOP in the U.S. where no approved treatment options exist today for this progressive and debilitating ultra-rare genetic disorder ” said Dr. Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development  Ipsen. “ Ipsen is committed to developing life-changing treatments for patients living with rare diseases despite the challenges that exist when there are few  or no precedents to build on when developing a new  innovative medicine for a complex condition. We remain committed to the FOP community  and we hope the Priority Review is one step closer towards getting a much needed treatment to people living with FOP as soon as possible.”The FDA’s Priority Review designation is assigned to investigational therapies that  if approved  represent a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment compared to the current standard of care.In January 2022  Health Canada was the first regulatory authority to approve SohonosTM (palovarotene capsules) to reduce the formation of HO in adults and children aged 8 years and above for females and 10 years and above for males with FOP. Sohonos is approved in Canada for the treatment of patients with FOP for both chronic use and for flare-ups in these patient populations. Palovarotene is not currently approved outside of Canada. A Marketing Authorization Application for palovarotene has also been filed in the E.U. in 2021  with responses to questions raised by the European Medicines Agency submitted in June 2022  in line with the ongoing regulatory process. Ipsen anticipates additional applications to other regulatory agencies in due course.FOP has an estimated prevalence of 1.36 per million individuals; however  the number of confirmed cases varies by country.1 2 It is characterized by new bone formation outside of the normal skeletal system  like in soft connective tissues  a process known as HO [3] which can be preceded by painful soft-tissue swelling or ’flare-ups’.2 Flare-up episodes are common and are a substantial contributor to the formation of new HO  however HO can form in the absence of a flare-up. HO  once formed  is irreversible and leads to loss of mobility and shortened life expectancy.3# # #About palovarotenePalovarotene is an oral investigational  selective retinoic-acid receptor gamma (RARγ) agonist being developed as a potential treatment for people living with the debilitating ultra-rare genetic disorder fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP). Palovarotene  which received rare pediatric disease and Breakthrough Therapy Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the potential treatment of FOP  was acquired by Ipsen through the acquisition of Clementia Pharmaceuticals in April 2019. The palovarotene New Drug Application (NDA) was initially accepted by the FDA for Priority Review on May 28  2021  and Ipsen announced withdrawal of the NDA on August 13  2021. The resubmission of the palovarotene NDA has been accepted by the FDA for Priority Review in the U.S.About fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) is an ultra-rare genetic disorder characterized by bone that forms outside the normal skeleton  in muscles  tendons  or soft tissue.3 FOP has an estimated prevalence of 1.36 per million individuals globally; however  the number of confirmed cases varies by country.1 2 The median age at time of FOP diagnosis is five years old.4About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With Specialty Care sales of €2.6bn in FY 2021  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen  excluding its Consumer HealthCare business  has around 4 500 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information visit www.ipsen.com.Ipsen’s forward looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s 2021 Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.1 Lilijesthrom  M & Bogard  B. ‘The global known FOP population’  FOP Drug Development Forum  Boston  MA  24-25 October 2016.2 Baujat  G et al. Prevalence of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) in France: an estimate based on a record linkage of two national databases. Orphanet Journal of Rare Diseases. 2017; 12:123.3 Kaplan  FS  et al. The medical management of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva: current treatment considerations. Proc Intl Clin Council FOP. 2019; 1:1-111.4. Pignolo  RJ et al. Bone. 2020; 134:115274.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.23,0.16,0.61,True,English,"['U.S. FDA Priority Review', 'palovarotene New Drug Application', 'Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva', 'Ipsen', 'Patients', 'Resubmission', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date', 'oral investigational, selective retinoic-acid receptor gamma', 'debilitating ultra-rare genetic disorder fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva', 'oral, selective retinoic-acid receptor gamma', 'I American Depositary Receipt program', 'A Marketing Authorization Application', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'palovarotene New Drug Application', 'Dr. Howard Mayer', 'Executive Vice President', 'painful soft-tissue swelling', 'Breakthrough Therapy Designations', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'regulatory submission timelines', 'first regulatory authority', 'other regulatory agencies', 'normal skeletal system', 'soft connective tissues', 'Consumer HealthCare business', 'new, innovative medicine', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Specialty Care sales', 'rare pediatric disease', 'ongoing regulatory process', 'U.S. Food', 'FDA submission acceptance', 'Priority Review designation', 'new bone formation', 'Drug Administration', 'investigational therapies', 'investigational palovarotene', 'Rare Disease', 'Regulatory News', 'normal skeleton', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'soft tissue', 'E.U.', 'U.K.', 'new HO', 'RARγ) agonist', 'heterotopic ossification', 'significant milestone', 'life-changing treatments', 'complex condition', 'significant improvement', 'current standard', 'chronic use', 'patient populations', 'additional applications', 'due course', 'million individuals', 'substantial contributor', 'life expectancy', 'Clementia Pharmaceuticals', 'median age', 'transformative medicines', 'external-innovation strategy', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'Sponsored Level', 'palovarotene capsules', 'Flare-up episodes', 'development efforts', 'treatment options', 'potential treatment', 'Health Canada', 'The FDA', 'FOP community', 'FOP diagnosis', 'palovarotene NDA', 'PARIS', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'patients', 'approval', 'prevention', '29 December', 'track', 'progressive', 'Head', 'Research', 'challenges', 'precedents', 'people', 'safety', 'effectiveness', 'January', 'SohonosTM', 'adults', 'children', 'females', '10 years', 'flare-ups', 'responses', 'questions', 'June', 'prevalence', 'number', 'cases', 'country', 'absence', 'loss', 'mobility', 'acquisition', 'April', 'withdrawal', 'August', 'resubmission', 'muscles', 'tendons', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'FY', '100 countries', 'heart', 'France', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', '4,500 colleagues', 'information', '1.36']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220629005444/en/izzi-Taps-Verimatrix-XTD-and-Streamkeeper-to-Protect-Its-Popular-Media-Apps-Endpoint,izzi Taps Verimatrix XTD and Streamkeeper to Protect Its Popular Media Apps  Endpoint,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that izzi   a mexican telecommunications fir…,"AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that izzi   a mexican telecommunications firm that offers the country’s popular izzi tv and izzi go services  is set to build upon its existing use of Verimatrix content protection and anti-piracy solutions with the addition of Streamkeeper as well as Extended Threat Defense (XTD) technologies to protect many of their fast-growing iOS  Android and web streaming services plus its Android set-top box services.With an ever-increasing customer base with millions of users throughout Mexico and a vast array of premium entertainment delivery platforms  izzi decided to expand its use of Verimatrix following success with its current VCAS and Multi-DRM deployments. Verimatrix XTD will soon be used to protect code within all of the company’s PayTV apps throughout all izzi platforms  while the company will also benefit from comprehensive intelligence and the latest protections from Streamkeeper  the industry’s first battle-ready cybersecurity solution engineered to both find and shut down OTT pirates looking to steal valuable sporting  Hollywood and other types of content as it’s distributed from the source to the subscriber.“Verimatrix is pleased to announce izzi as one of the most recent customers to select our Streamkeeper and XTD solutions  as it speaks to our unwavering commitment to innovation and customer service ” said Asaf Ashkenazi  Chief Operating Officer and President at Verimatrix. ""Verimatrix's comprehensive security package provides izzi with continuous endpoint visibility that spans attack pattern detection  prediction and response.”“Every company has security blind spots and for a large company like izzi  even one small security breach could have a negative impact on our bottom line and on our brand ” said Carlos Eduardo Romero  Video and Hubs Director at izzi. “With multiple media apps to support deployed across millions of devices  we look forward to the benefits that Verimatrix’s enhanced security solutions will provide to our business  which will allow us to focus on serving our customers.”About izzi telecom​izzi offers ​t​elephony  ​i​nternet and ​c​able TV services both to people as well as companies  with coverage in Mexico City  the metropolitan area and in more than 60 cities of the Mexican Republic  including the main cities.​ Visit www.izzi.mx​.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.32,0.38,True,English,"['Popular Media Apps', 'izzi Taps', 'Verimatrix XTD', 'Streamkeeper', 'Endpoint', 'Extended Threat Defense (XTD) technologies', 'first battle-ready cybersecurity solution', 'one small security breach', 'premium entertainment delivery platforms', 'Android set-top box services', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'continuous endpoint visibility', 'attack pattern detection', 'Carlos Eduardo Romero', 'live streaming sports', 'mexican telecommunications firm', 'web streaming services', 'increasing customer base', 'multiple media apps', 'valuable revenue streams', 'security blind spots', 'critical mobile applications', 'comprehensive security package', 'popular izzi tv', 'modern connected world', 'Verimatrix content protection', 'XTD solutions', 'TV services', 'premium movies', 'PayTV apps', 'comprehensive intelligence', 'valuable sporting', 'customer service', 'Mexican Republic', 'people-centered security', 'security solutions', 'frictionless security', 'izzi platforms', 'Verimatrix XTD', 'SAN DIEGO', 'Regulatory News', 'anti-piracy solutions', 'growing iOS', 'vast array', 'current VCAS', 'Multi-DRM deployments', 'latest protections', 'OTT pirates', 'other types', 'unwavering commitment', 'Asaf Ashkenazi', 'negative impact', 'bottom line', 'Hubs Director', 'metropolitan area', 'digital content', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'new business', 'existing use', 'Mexico City', 'main cities', 'recent customers', 'izzi telecom', 'large company', '60 cities', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'VMX', 'leader', 'country', 'addition', 'Streamkeeper', 'millions', 'users', 'success', 'code', 'industry', 'Hollywood', 'source', 'subscriber', 'innovation', 'President', 'prediction', 'response', 'Video', 'devices', 'benefits', '\u200belephony', '\u200bi', '\u200bnternet', '\u200bc', 'companies', 'coverage', 'everything', 'mission', 'experiences', 'consumers', 'partners']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eurofins-discoverx-celebrates-shanghai-office-170000803.html,Eurofins DiscoverX Celebrates Shanghai Office Opening,Eurofins DiscoverX (Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC)  a global industry leader of products for small and large molecule drug discovery and QC lot release...,SHANGHAI  June 29  2022 /CNW/ -- Eurofins DiscoverX (Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC)  a global industry leader of products for small and large molecule drug discovery and QC lot release  today announced the official opening of its new China biotechnology office in Shanghai.New Shanghai office expands APAC operations for Eurofins DiscoverX.The launch of Eurofins DiscoverX (Shanghai) Ltd. broadens its Asia-Pacific operations directly into the China market. This expansion establishes an operational base positioned to effectively serve China's growing biopharmaceutical sector with high-quality innovative products that accelerate drug discovery programs  contributing to improving global healthcare.With this fully operational Shanghai office  Eurofins DiscoverX can more readily provide its product menu cell lines  assay reagents  enzymes and bioassay kits to the China market. The new Shanghai operation provides an efficient supply chain  local technical support  and the convenience for clients to pay in the Chinese Yuan (RMB) currency.This operational expansion demonstrates the Eurofins DiscoverX commitment to providing end-to-end support every step of the way for global customers with a comprehensive menu of innovative and qualified products for drug discovery screening and QC lot release.Contact Eurofins DiscoverX (Shanghai) Ltd.email: CustomerService_DRX_China@eurofins.comPhone: +86.21.3620.2818Address: Building 18  No. 2168 Chenhang Highway. Minhang District  Shanghai 201114About Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLCFor drug discovery and development scientists  Eurofins DiscoverX is the trusted product solutions provider that can accelerate drug discovery programs with confidence with qualified reagents  cell lines  and assays ready to run today. Eurofins DiscoverX develops and manufactures cutting-edge assays  stable cell lines  membrane preps  enzymes  and reagents for drug discovery and development from our three R&D manufacturing Centers of Excellence – USA (San Francisco Bay Area  California  and St. Louis  Missouri) and the EU (Poitiers  France).Story continuesRediscover how Eurofins DiscoverX's expertise and trusted products accelerate drug discovery programs and enable clients through testing phases with confidence. With end-to-end support every step of the way for your programs from Discovery to Q.C. lot release. Eurofins DiscoverX is part of Eurofins Discovery  the industry's leading drug discovery products and services provider. For more information  visit www.discoverx.com.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With 58 000 staff across a network of 900 laboratories in 54 countries  Eurofins' companies offer a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/eurofins-discoverx-celebrates-shanghai-office-opening-301576503.htmlSOURCE Eurofins DiscoverXCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/June2022/29/c5593.html,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Shanghai Office Opening', 'Eurofins DiscoverX', 'three R&D manufacturing Centers', 'Chinese Yuan (RMB) currency', 'San Francisco Bay Area', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Q.C. lot release', 'trusted product solutions provider', 'large molecule drug discovery', 'product menu cell lines', 'new China biotechnology office', 'leading drug discovery products', 'Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC', 'QC lot release', 'growing biopharmaceutical sector', 'efficient supply chain', 'stable cell lines', 'drug discovery screening', 'New Shanghai office', 'local technical support', 'drug discovery programs', 'new Shanghai operation', 'high-quality innovative products', 'Contact Eurofins DiscoverX', 'SOURCE Eurofins DiscoverX', 'Eurofins DiscoverX commitment', 'operational Shanghai office', 'global industry leader', 'trusted products', 'comprehensive menu', 'services provider', 'qualified products', 'Eurofins Discovery', 'global leader', 'operational base', 'China market', 'global healthcare', 'global customers', ""Eurofins' companies"", 'Eurofins Shares', 'official opening', 'APAC operations', 'Asia-Pacific operations', 'bioassay kits', '2168 Chenhang Highway', 'Minhang District', 'membrane preps', 'St. Louis', 'testing phases', '200,000 analytical methods', 'original content', 'operational expansion', 'end support', 'assay reagents', 'qualified reagents', 'development scientists', 'June', 'small', 'launch', 'Ltd', 'enzymes', 'convenience', 'clients', 'step', 'email', 'CustomerService_DRX_China', 'Phone', 'Address', 'Building', 'No.', 'confidence', 'assays', 'Excellence', 'USA', 'California', 'Missouri', 'Poitiers', 'France', 'Story', 'expertise', 'part', 'information', 'bio-analysis', 'Life', '58,000 staff', 'network', '900 laboratories', '54 countries', 'portfolio', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'celebrates', 'archive']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eurofins-discoverx-celebrates-shanghai-office-170000009.html,Eurofins DiscoverX Celebrates Shanghai Office Opening,Eurofins DiscoverX (Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC)  a global industry leader of products for small and large molecule drug discovery and QC lot release...,SHANGHAI  June 30  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Eurofins DiscoverX (Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC)  a global industry leader of products for small and large molecule drug discovery and QC lot release  today announced the official opening of its new China biotechnology office in Shanghai.New Shanghai office expands APAC operations for Eurofins DiscoverX.The launch of Eurofins DiscoverX (Shanghai) Ltd. broadens its Asia-Pacific operations directly into the China market. This expansion establishes an operational base positioned to effectively serve China's growing biopharmaceutical sector with high-quality innovative products that accelerate drug discovery programs  contributing to improving global healthcare.With this fully operational Shanghai office  Eurofins DiscoverX can more readily provide its product menu cell lines  assay reagents  enzymes and bioassay kits to the China market. The new Shanghai operation provides an efficient supply chain  local technical support  and the convenience for clients to pay in the Chinese Yuan (RMB) currency.This operational expansion demonstrates the Eurofins DiscoverX commitment to providing end-to-end support every step of the way for global customers with a comprehensive menu of innovative and qualified products for drug discovery screening and QC lot release.Contact Eurofins DiscoverX (Shanghai) Ltd.email: CustomerService_DRX_China@eurofins.comPhone: +86.21.3620.2818Address: Building 18  No. 2168 Chenhang Highway. Minhang District  Shanghai 201114About Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLCFor drug discovery and development scientists  Eurofins DiscoverX is the trusted product solutions provider that can accelerate drug discovery programs with confidence with qualified reagents  cell lines  and assays ready to run today. Eurofins DiscoverX develops and manufactures cutting-edge assays  stable cell lines  membrane preps  enzymes  and reagents for drug discovery and development from our three R&D manufacturing Centers of Excellence – USA (San Francisco Bay Area  California  and St. Louis  Missouri) and the EU (Poitiers  France).Story continuesRediscover how Eurofins DiscoverX's expertise and trusted products accelerate drug discovery programs and enable clients through testing phases with confidence. With end-to-end support every step of the way for your programs from Discovery to Q.C. lot release. Eurofins DiscoverX is part of Eurofins Discovery  the industry's leading drug discovery products and services provider. For more information  visit www.discoverx.com.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With 58 000 staff across a network of 900 laboratories in 54 countries  Eurofins' companies offer a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.SOURCE Eurofins DiscoverX,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Shanghai Office Opening', 'Eurofins DiscoverX', 'three R&D manufacturing Centers', 'Chinese Yuan (RMB) currency', 'San Francisco Bay Area', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Q.C. lot release', 'trusted product solutions provider', 'large molecule drug discovery', 'product menu cell lines', 'new China biotechnology office', 'leading drug discovery products', 'Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC', 'QC lot release', 'growing biopharmaceutical sector', 'efficient supply chain', 'stable cell lines', 'drug discovery screening', 'New Shanghai office', 'local technical support', 'drug discovery programs', 'new Shanghai operation', 'high-quality innovative products', 'Contact Eurofins DiscoverX', 'SOURCE Eurofins DiscoverX', 'Eurofins DiscoverX commitment', 'operational Shanghai office', 'global industry leader', 'trusted products', 'comprehensive menu', 'services provider', 'Eurofins Discovery', 'qualified products', 'global leader', 'operational base', 'China market', 'global healthcare', 'global customers', ""Eurofins' companies"", 'Eurofins Shares', 'official opening', 'APAC operations', 'Asia-Pacific operations', 'bioassay kits', '2168 Chenhang Highway', 'Minhang District', 'membrane preps', 'St. Louis', 'testing phases', '200,000 analytical methods', 'operational expansion', 'end support', 'assay reagents', 'qualified reagents', 'development scientists', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'small', 'launch', 'Ltd', 'enzymes', 'convenience', 'clients', 'step', 'email', 'CustomerService_DRX_China', 'Phone', 'Address', 'Building', 'No.', 'confidence', 'assays', 'Excellence', 'USA', 'California', 'Missouri', 'Poitiers', 'France', 'Story', 'expertise', 'part', 'information', 'bio-analysis', 'Life', '58,000 staff', 'network', '900 laboratories', '54 countries', 'portfolio']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/one-concern-veolia-join-forces-100000050.html,One Concern and Veolia Join Forces to Foster Climate Resilience in the Water Sector in Japan,One Concern  a climate analytics company  and Veolia  the global champion of ecological transformation  announced today a three-year partnership agreement...,"One Concern and Veolia sign a three-year partnership that uses digital twin technology to increase resilience strategy in the water sector through risk analysis and simulationMENLO PARK  Calif.  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- One Concern  a climate analytics company  and Veolia  the global champion of ecological transformation  announced today a three-year partnership agreement that establishes One Concern in Japan as a primary supplier of resilience and climate risk analytics. Veolia and One Concern Domino™ will work together to analyze the company's project's exposure to earthquakes and floods to further enhance maintenance planning  crisis response and business continuity planning.One Concern LogoOne Concern Domino is a digital twin simulation platform for adverse weather and climate conditions. Domino estimates and forecasts the potential implications of climate and weather catastrophes across physical structures and infrastructure  such as the power grid  transportation networks and community.""Japan needs resilient water systems; we're excited to provide Veolia climate risk assessment insights to further analyze water and wastewater systems resilience and risk exposure "" said Ahmad Wani  Co-Founder and CEO  One Concern. ""We look forward to delivering the latest in climate and data science to support Japan's local communities.""""Innovative risk modeling will allow Veolia to better protect and maintain water infrastructure and stress test facilities resilience "" said Olivier Tridon  Global Head of Open Innovation for Business  Veolia. ""At Veolia we support innovation and digital transformation of the water sector and our partnership with One Concern is a part of that strategy.""About VeoliaVeolia Group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 220 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2021  the Veolia group provided 79 million inhabitants with drinking water and 61 million with sanitation  produced nearly 48 million megawatt hours and recovered 48 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 28 508 billion euros in 2021. www.veolia.comStory continuesAbout One Concern:We're a technology company building the digital infrastructure for global risk. We map  analyze and monitor every piece of the world's built environment and its connection to the global economy. Our mission is to make disasters less disastrous. www.oneconcern.com For media inquiries: PR@oneconcern.comVeolia LogoCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/one-concern-and-veolia-join-forces-to-foster-climate-resilience-in-the-water-sector-in-japan-301577553.htmlSOURCE One Concern",neutral,0.06,0.9,0.05,mixed,0.37,0.31,0.31,True,English,"['One Concern', 'Climate Resilience', 'Water Sector', 'Veolia', 'Forces', 'Japan', 'Veolia climate risk assessment insights', 'stress test facilities resilience', 'digital twin simulation platform', 'useful, practical solutions', 'three complementary activities', 'Innovative risk modeling', 'digital twin technology', 'wastewater systems resilience', 'climate risk analytics', '48 million megawatt hours', 'SOURCE One Concern', 'resilient water systems', 'climate analytics company', 'three-year partnership agreement', 'business continuity planning', 'One Concern Logo', 'One Concern Domino™', 'risk analysis', 'global risk', 'digital transformation', 'maintenance planning', 'climate conditions', 'technology company', 'digital infrastructure', 'risk exposure', '79 million inhabitants', '48 million tonnes', 'Veolia Logo', 'resilience strategy', 'MENLO PARK', 'global champion', 'ecological transformation', 'primary supplier', 'crisis response', 'adverse weather', 'potential implications', 'weather catastrophes', 'physical structures', 'power grid', 'transportation networks', 'Ahmad Wani', 'data science', 'local communities', 'Olivier Tridon', 'Global Head', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', 'radical turnaround', 'current situation', 'Paris Euronext', 'consolidated revenue', '28,508 billion euros', 'global economy', 'media inquiries', 'original content', 'drinking water', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Open Innovation', 'available resources', 'water sector', 'water infrastructure', 'Veolia Group', 'Calif.', 'June', 'Japan', 'project', 'earthquakes', 'floods', 'community', 'Co-Founder', 'CEO', '220,000 employees', 'management', 'energy', 'access', 'sanitation', 'Story', 'piece', 'world', 'environment', 'connection', 'mission', 'disasters', 'oneconcern', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'one-concern', 'forces', 'climate-resilience']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-drone-donecle-acquires-dronetix-160000563.html,Delta Drone : DONECLE ACQUIRES DRONETIX TO HAVE A COMPLETE OFFER OF AERONAUTICAL INSPECTION BY DRONE,DELTA DRONE DONECLE ACQUIRES DRONETIX TO HAVE A COMPLETE OFFER OF AERONAUTICAL INSPECTION BY DRONE Dardilly  June 29  2022 – 6 pm The Toulouse company...,"DELTA DRONEDELTA DRONEDONECLE ACQUIRES DRONETIX TO HAVE A COMPLETE OFFER OF AERONAUTICAL INSPECTION BY DRONEDardilly  June 29  2022 – 6 pmThe Toulouse company Donecle  of which Delta Drone is a 24.98% shareholder  announces the acquisition of the company Dronétix  based in Evry-Courcouronnes.Founded in 2018  Dronétix specializes in drone inspection of aircraft engines and landing gear. The technology designed by Dronétix is very complementary for Donecle. Their pooling also makes it possible to pool artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms. On the commercial front  the operation opens a new line of development aimed at the inspection of aeronautical equipment.For its part  Donecle has become in a few years the leader in the automated inspection of the surface of aircraft fuselages and wings  thanks to a solution that combines drones for image acquisition and then an image analysis algorithm. This solution makes it possible to detect and measure automatically and in a very short time all the damage suffered during flights  in particular due to lightning strikes (sinking  degradation of paints and markings  etc.). Among its customers  Donecle has many leading references: Air France – KLM  Latam  Austrian Airlines  AAR  the Regional Jet Center and LOTAMS regional maintenance centers  the Armée de l'A ir et de l'Espace  the French Navy  etc.Matthieu Claybrough  President of Donecle welcomes the transaction: ""The acquisition of Dronétix is strategic for us  as it complements our technological know-how and opens up a new segment of the aeronautical inspection market. Donecle now truly occupies a strong position in this fast-growing market. The presence of Delta Drone in our capital is an asset for us in this type of operation  thanks to the unfailing support provided over several years.""About Delta Drone : Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the field of civilian drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market – ISIN code: FR0014009LP0BSA Y – ISIN code: FR0013400991www.deltadrone.comStory continuesInvestor Contact :AELIUMJérôme Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment",negative,0.15,0.39,0.47,mixed,0.45,0.14,0.41,True,English,"['DONECLE ACQUIRES', 'COMPLETE OFFER', 'AERONAUTICAL INSPECTION', 'Delta Drone', 'DRONETIX', 'artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms', 'Jérôme Gacoin', 'LOTAMS regional maintenance centers', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'Regional Jet Center', 'many leading references', 'image analysis algorithm', 'complete value chain', 'The Toulouse company', 'Delta Drone Group', 'Delta Drone shares', 'aeronautical inspection market', 'growing market', 'COMPLETE OFFER', 'aeronautical equipment', 'drone inspection', 'Dronétix', 'aircraft engines', 'landing gear', 'commercial front', 'new line', 'automated inspection', 'aircraft fuselages', 'short time', 'lightning strikes', 'Air France', 'Austrian Airlines', 'Armée', 'A ir', 'French Navy', 'Matthieu Claybrough', 'technological know-how', 'new segment', 'strong position', 'unfailing support', 'international player', 'professional use', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'ISIN code', 'BSA Y', 'Investor Contact', 'image acquisition', 'drone technology', 'several years', 'civilian drones', 'DONECLE ACQUIRES', 'DRONETIX', 'Dardilly', 'June', '24.98% shareholder', 'Evry-Courcouronnes', 'pooling', 'operation', 'development', 'part', 'leader', 'surface', 'wings', 'damage', 'flights', 'sinking', 'degradation', 'paints', 'markings', 'customers', 'KLM', 'Latam', 'AAR', 'Espace', 'President', 'transaction', 'presence', 'capital', 'asset', 'type', 'field', 'range', 'deltadrone', 'Story', 'AELIUM', 'jgacoin', 'Attachment', '6']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/charbone-hydrogen-announces-loi-french-054500366.html,CHARBONE HYDROGEN Announces a LOI With French Electrolyzer Manufacturer ELOGEN for Securing up to 100 Megawatts,BROSSARD  Québec  June 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CHARBONE HYDROGEN Corporation (TSXV:CH) (“CHARBONE”) is pleased to announce an important milestone with...,"Charbone Hydrogen CorporationBROSSARD  Québec  June 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CHARBONE HYDROGEN Corporation (TSXV:CH) (“CHARBONE”) is pleased to announce an important milestone with the signature   of a non-binding Letter of Intent (the “LOI”) with ELOGEN SAS (“ELOGEN”) a GTT Company  pursuant to which CHARBONE will be securing its supply chain of PEM electrolysers (Proton Exchange Membrane) for up to 100 Megawatts over a period of four (4) years from 2023 to 2026 under a definitive multi-year master supply agreement (the “Agreement”) to be negotiated by the parties on/or before November 30  2022. The PEM electrolysers to be supplied by ELOGEN to CHARBONE will be comprised of a mix of the full range of products offered by ELOGEN  including 0 5 MW  1 0 MW and the 5 0 MW for all CHARBONE North American green hydrogen projects.Under the Agreement  the parties will negotiate final delivery dates  models  quantities  and prices of the PEM electrolysers to be delivered. Furthermore  the LOI contains a provision for CHARBONE to consider and exercise an option for locally assembling and/or manufacturing in Canada and USA  the PEM electrolysers and other components under ELOGEN supervision as per terms and conditions to be negotiated and agreed upon by the parties during the validity period. Completion of the transaction is subject to further negotiation and execution of the Agreement and customary conditions for this kind of agreement.“CHARBONE is truly pleased to announce this non-binding LOI for the negotiation of a multi-year’s master supply agreement with ELOGEN  a strong partner and true leader in the field of engineering and manufacturing of electrolysers ” said Dave Gagnon  CEO and Chairman of Charbone. “The combined strengths of ELOGEN in membrane technologies with multiple patents  and the engineering  manufacturing and servicing expertise make the offered products a reliable choice and a bankable solution for CHARBONE expanding rapidly into the decarbonization of the Canadian and North American economy.”“This strategic LOI conducting to a formal multi-year’s master supply agreement of Elogen technology with Charbone shows the road path for Elogen entry into the North American market  comments Jean-Baptiste Choimet  Managing Director at Elogen. It is consistent with our strategy of teaming up with strong local partners before entering a new geographic area. We look forward to our collaboration with Charbone  an innovation-driven company  with a strong vision on green hydrogen production and a focus on developing green hydrogen ecosystems  from renewable energy to production  from regional hubs to end-users.”About CHARBONECHARBONE is a Canadian green hydrogen group established in North America. The company's strategy is to develop modular and expandable hydrogen facilities and regional hubs. With the acquisition of hydroelectric power plants in the United States and Canada  Charbone will be able to produce green dihydrogen molecules using reliable and sustainable energy in order to distinguish itself as a supplier of an ecological solution for industrial and commercial companies.About ElogenElogen  a technological expert at the service of green hydrogen  is developing advanced technologies to design and produce PEM (Proton Exchange Membrane) electrolysers to meet new uses of hydrogen in mobility  industry and energy storage. Elogen  a GTT technology group company  relies on a powerful R&D and a robust manufacturing process to provide its customers with competitive  reliable systems tailored to their needs. The technological solutions developed by Elogen  particularly suited to renewable energies  demonstrate superior efficiency and competitiveness.More information on elogenh2.comContact: contact@elogenh2.comAbout GTTGTT is a technological expert in containment systems with cryogenic membranes used to transport and store liquefied gases. For over 50 years  GTT has been designing and providing cutting-edge technologies for a better energy performance  which combine operational efficiency and safety  to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  land storage  and multi-gas carriers. GTT also develops systems dedicated to the use of liquified natural gas as fuel  as well as a full range of services  including digital services in the field of smart shipping. GTT is also active in hydrogen through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers notably for the production of green hydrogen. GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120 and MSCI Small Cap indices.More information on gtt.fr.Media contact: press@gtt.frForward-Looking StatementsThis news release contains statements that are ""forward-looking information"" as defined under Canadian securities laws (""forward-looking statements""). These forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as ""intends""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""believes""  ""plans""  ""likely""  or similar words. Specifically  this news release includes forward-looking statements regarding Charbone’s expected commercialization and supply and logistics business opportunities related to green hydrogen  the negotiation and completion of the multi-year master supply agreement between Charbone and Elogen  other statements regarding future assembling and/or manufacturing in Canada and USA of the PEM electrolysers including with respect to specific indications  any other statements which are other than statements of historical fact   and the expected timing of such events. The forward-looking statements reflect Charbone's respective management's expectations  estimates  or projections concerning future results or events  based on the opinions  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by management at the date the statements are made. Although Charbone believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements  as unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to be materially different from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Among the key factors that could cause actual results to differ materially: whether Charbone and Elogen are successful in negotiating and entering the mutli-year master supply agreement and whether Charbone will exercise its option to assemble and manufacture the PEM electrolyzers in Canada and the USA  as well as the anticipated time frame. The forward-looking statements may be affected by risks and uncertainties in the business of Charbone.Except as required under applicable securities legislation  Charbone undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking information.Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.ContactsFor further information  please contact:Dave B. Gagnon Daniel Charette Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board Chief Operating Officer CHARBONE Hydrogen Corporation CHARBONE Hydrogen Corporation Telephone: +1 450 678-7171 Telephone: +1 514 980 5841 Email: dg@charbone.com Email: dc@charbone.com Stéphane Dallaire Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Finance CHARBONE Hydrogen Corporation Telephone: +1 514-234-2544 Email: sd@charbone.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['French Electrolyzer Manufacturer ELOGEN', 'up to 100 Megawatts', 'CHARBONE HYDROGEN', 'LOI', 'CHARBONE North American green hydrogen projects', 'definitive multi-year master supply agreement', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'Canadian green hydrogen group', 'Proton Exchange Membrane) electrolysers', 'GTT technology group company', 'North American economy', 'North American market', 'green dihydrogen molecules', 'green hydrogen ecosystems', 'up to 100 Megawatts', 'final delivery dates', 'hydroelectric power plants', 'powerful R&D', 'liquified natural gas', 'expandable hydrogen facilities', 'Canadian securities laws', 'new geographic area', 'strong local partners', 'green hydrogen production', 'robust manufacturing process', 'Charbone Hydrogen Corporation', 'The PEM electrolysers', 'competitive, reliable systems', 'supply chain', 'membrane technologies', 'formal multi-year', 'new uses', 'strong partner', 'strong vision', 'Elogen technology', 'innovation-driven company', 'Québec', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'important milestone', 'binding Letter', 'full range', 'other components', 'true leader', 'Dave Gagnon', 'combined strengths', 'multiple patents', 'servicing expertise', 'reliable choice', 'bankable solution', 'road path', 'Jean-Baptiste Choimet', 'Managing Director', 'renewable energy', 'regional hubs', 'United States', 'sustainable energy', 'ecological solution', 'commercial companies', 'technological expert', 'advanced technologies', 'energy storage', 'technological solutions', 'renewable energies', 'superior efficiency', 'More information', 'containment systems', 'cryogenic membranes', 'liquefied gases', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'energy performance', 'operational efficiency', 'LNG carriers', 'floating terminals', 'land storage', 'multi-gas carriers', 'smart shipping', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'news release', 'looking information', 'forward-looking statem', 'looking statements', 'GTT Company', 'four (4) years', 'validity period', 'customary conditions', 'non-binding LOI', 'strategic LOI', 'digital services', 'Media contact', 'similar words', 'ELOGEN SAS', 'ELOGEN supervision', 'Elogen entry', 'subsidiary Elogen', 'engineering, manufacturing', '50 years', 'gtt.', 'BROSSARD', 'TSXV', 'signature', 'Intent', 'parties', 'November', 'mix', 'products', '0,5 MW', '1,0 MW', '5,0 MW', 'models', 'quantities', 'prices', 'provision', 'option', 'assembling', 'Canada', 'USA', 'terms', 'Completion', 'transaction', 'negotiation', 'execution', 'kind', 'field', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'decarbonization', 'strategy', 'collaboration', 'focus', 'end-users', 'modular', 'acquisition', 'order', 'supplier', 'industrial', 'mobility', 'industry', 'customers', 'needs', 'competitiveness', 'elogenh', 'safety', 'fuel', 'ISIN', 'SBF 120', 'expects', 'plans']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/imcd-recognised-sustainalytics-2022-esg-050000108.html,IMCD recognised by Sustainalytics as 2022 ESG Industry Top Performer  ranking first among traders and distributors,ESG INDUSTRY 50 Top Rated_2022 IMCD 2022 ESG Industry Top Performer ROTTERDAM  The Netherlands (29 June 2022) – IMCD N.V.  (“IMCD” or “Company”)  a leading...,IMCD N.V.ESG INDUSTRY 50 Top Rated_2022IMCD 2022 ESG Industry Top PerformerROTTERDAM  The Netherlands (29 June 2022) – IMCD N.V.  (“IMCD” or “Company”)  a leading distributor of speciality chemicals and ingredients  was recognised by Sustainalytics as an ESG Industry Top Rated Company. With a score of 13.8 (low risk) IMCD ranks first (lowest risk) among over 180 international peers in trading and distribution. It places the company in the top seven percent of almost 15 000 companies assessed worldwide.Sustainalytics  a Morningstar company  is a globally recognised provider of ESG research  ratings and data that supports investors around the world with the development and implementation of responsible investment strategies. Its ESG Risk Ratings measure a company's exposure to industry-specific material ESG risks and how well a company is managing those risks.In March 2022  IMCD was also included in the newly launched Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies demonstrating best Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) practices. “We are excited and proud to receive these recognitions  which underline that we are moving in the right direction” commented Piet van der Slikke  CEO. “In recent years we have worked to improve our ESG practices and increase transparency on our performance. It is good to see our progress now acknowledges externally as well.”Marcus Jordan  COO and responsible for IMCD’s sustainability strategy execution  comments: “External recognitions are encouraging  but there is still more to be done. We will continue to accelerate our efforts to champion the sustainability journey of our customers with our Sustainable Solutions programme and we are looking for new ways to partner with our business partners on emission reduction in our supply chain (scope 3).”Today  IMCD also publishes its 2021 Sustainability Report. This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards  and it is available at IMCD’s website.Attached  the press release and the Sustainability Report in pdf format. Also  please find the visual assets (recognition badge from Sustainalytics and the cover of our Sustainability Report).Story continues- xxx –About IMCD N.V.IMCD  based in Rotterdam  the Netherlands  is a market leader in the marketing  sales  and distribution of speciality chemicals and ingredients. Its result-driven professionals provide market-focused solutions to suppliers and customers across EMEA  Americas and Asia-Pacific  offering a range of comprehensive product portfolios  including innovative formulations that embrace industry trends.Listed at Euronext  Amsterdam (IMCD)  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 3 435 million in 2021 with more than 3 700 employees in over 50 countries on six continents. IMCD's dedicated team of technical and commercial experts work in close partnership to tailor best-in-class solutions and provide value through expertise for around 56 000 customers and a diverse range of world class suppliers.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.com.- - - - -This release contains information developed by Sustainalytics. Such information and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third-party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project  nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete  timely  accurate or suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers .Attachments,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,mixed,0.64,0.15,0.21,True,English,"['2022 ESG Industry Top Performer', 'IMCD', 'Sustainalytics', 'traders', 'distributors', 'ESG Industry Top Rated Company', 'IMCD 2022 ESG Industry Top Performer', 'Piet van der Slikke', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', 'industry-specific material ESG risks', 'top seven percent', 'best Environmental, Social', 'responsible investment strategies', 'Sustainable Solutions programme', 'sustainability strategy execution', 'comprehensive product portfolios', 'IMCD N.V.', 'Third Party Data', 'ESG Risk Ratings', 'world class suppliers', 'industry trends', 'ESG research', 'ESG) practices', 'ESG practices', 'class solutions', 'investment advice', '13.8 (low risk', 'lowest risk', 'market-focused solutions', 'sustainability journey', 'leading distributor', 'speciality chemicals', '180 international peers', 'right direction', 'recent years', 'Marcus Jordan', 'new ways', 'business partners', 'emission reduction', 'supply chain', 'GRI Standards', 'pdf format', 'visual assets', 'recognition badge', 'market leader', 'result-driven professionals', 'innovative formulations', 'six continents', 'dedicated team', 'commercial experts', 'close partnership', 'third-party suppliers', 'informational purposes', 'particular purpose', '2021 Sustainability Report', 'Morningstar company', 'The Netherlands', 'External recognitions', 'press release', 'diverse range', 'Such information', 'ROTTERDAM', '29 June', 'ingredients', 'Sustainalytics', 'score', 'trading', 'distribution', '15,000 companies', 'provider', 'investors', 'development', 'implementation', 'exposure', 'March', '25 companies', 'Governance', 'CEO', 'transparency', 'performance', 'progress', 'COO', 'efforts', 'customers', 'scope', 'accordance', 'website', 'cover', 'Story', 'marketing', 'sales', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'revenues', '3,700 employees', '50 countries', 'technical', 'value', 'expertise', 'imcdgroup', 'endorsement', 'project', 'conditions', 'legal-disclaimers', 'Attachments']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220629005433/en/Crossbridge-Energy-AS-and-Everfuel-Finalize-Phase-2a-Green-Hydrogen-Agreement,Crossbridge Energy A/S and Everfuel Finalize Phase 2a Green Hydrogen Agreement,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Crossbridge Energy A/S (“Crossbridge”) announces that it has reached a final agreement with Everfuel for the offtake of green hydrogen from Everfuel’s anticipated 300MW electrolyser plant. The next phase of the project will be compl…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Crossbridge Energy A/S (“Crossbridge”) announces that it has reached a final agreement with Everfuel for the offtake of green hydrogen from Everfuel’s anticipated 300MW electrolyser plant. The next phase of the project will be completed in three equal phases of 100MW each  and Phase 2a will supply up to 40 tons per day of green hydrogen and is scheduled to be online in 2025. Phase 1 of the project  a 20MW electrolyser which is currently under construction  will supply 8 tons per day of green hydrogen  is scheduled to be commissioned in 4th Quarter 2022 and will represent Europe’s largest electrolyzer in operation.Crossbridge operates the Fredericia  Denmark refinery  which supplies 35 percent of the total Danish liquid fuel consumption as well as supplies Northern Europe. Crossbridge has made substantial progress on its ambitions for a greener future  including successfully co-processing biogenic feedstock in February 2022; the signing of Everfuel Phase 2 is the next step towards the realization of its energy transition ambitions.Everfuel Phase 2 is the second of three phases anticipated for the HySynergy  which will bring over 1 000 MW of clean energy to Fredericia and surrounding areas. The HySynergy plant will enable the production of biofuels such as Renewable Diesel (“RD”)  and Sustainable Aviation Fuel (“SAF”)  along with supporting hydrogen mobility.Crossbridge and Everfuel have also jointly agreed to further develop opportunities with external parties for the supply of excess oxygen and heat from the hydrogen plant in order to maximize the overall efficiency of the operations.“Hydrogen is the key to unlocking the full potential of green fuels. With Crossbridge Energy’s refinery and the Everfuel’s HySynergy project  we are now taking a significant leap toward more sustainable fuels as we aim to replace our fossil fuels sourced hydrogen used in the manufacturing process with sustainable green hydrogen. We are also starting the next part of the Danish Power to X (“PtX”) journey generating renewable fuels from green power ” says Finn Schousboe  CEO at Crossbridge Energy A/S.”Reaching an agreement on the commercial terms is  of course  crucial for the continuous development of the second phase of HySynergy. The partnership with Crossbridge Energy has always run smoothly  and we look forward to continuing to collaborate on building the large-scale PtX facility  which will be a game-changer in the energy transition. But first of all  we look forward to being in operation on the first phase later this year and deliver the first green hydrogen to our partners and our stations ” says Jacob Krogsgaard  CEO at Everfuel.About Crossbridge | crossbridgepartners.comCrossbridge is a leading energy platform with an environmental focus on developing and driving sustainable energy solutions. Crossbridge acquired the A/S Dansk Shell refinery (renamed to Crossbridge Energy A/S) in June 2022. Crossbridge supplies approximately 35% of the total Danish liquid fuel consumption. Crossbridge is focused on transitioning traditional energy infrastructure and growing through acquisition in North America  Europe and other locations. The platform has $2.0 billion in annual turnover.About Everfuel | www.everfuel.comEverfuel is making green hydrogen for zero emission mobility commercially available across Europe  offering competitive all-inclusive hydrogen supply- and fueling solutions. We own and operate green hydrogen infrastructure and partner with vehicle OEMs to connect the entire hydrogen value chain and seamlessly provide hydrogen fuel to enterprise customers under long-term contracts. Green hydrogen is a 100% clean fuel made from renewable energy and key to electrification of the transportation sector in Europe and a sustainable future. We are a young ambitious company  headquartered in Herning  Denmark  and with activities in Norway  Denmark  Sweden  The Netherlands  Germany and Belgium  and a plan to grow across Europe. Everfuel is listed on Euronext Growth in Oslo under EFUEL.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Phase 2a Green Hydrogen Agreement', 'Crossbridge Energy A/S', 'Everfuel', 'total Danish liquid fuel consumption', 'entire hydrogen value chain', 'A/S Dansk Shell refinery', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'young ambitious company', 'traditional energy infrastructure', 'zero emission mobility', '300MW electrolyser plant', 'three equal phases', 'up to 40 tons', 'large-scale PtX facility', 'sustainable energy solutions', 'leading energy platform', 'green hydrogen infrastructure', 'Crossbridge Energy A/S', 'sustainable green hydrogen', 'energy transition ambitions', 'first green hydrogen', 'The HySynergy plant', 'Danish Power', 'hydrogen fuel', '100% clean fuel', 'three phases', 'hydrogen plant', 'hydrogen mobility', 'sustainable fuels', 'sustainable future', 'clean energy', 'renewable energy', '20MW electrolyser', 'fueling solutions', 'The Netherlands', 'first phase', 'green fuels', 'green power', 'NEW YORK', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '4th Quarter', 'largest electrolyzer', 'substantial progress', 'greener future', 'biogenic feedstock', 'next step', 'surrounding areas', 'Renewable Diesel', 'external parties', 'excess oxygen', 'overall efficiency', 'full potential', 'significant leap', 'fossil fuels', 'manufacturing process', 'next part', 'renewable fuels', 'Finn Schousboe', 'commercial terms', 'continuous development', 'Jacob Krogsgaard', 'environmental focus', 'North America', 'other locations', 'annual turnover', 'vehicle OEMs', 'long-term contracts', 'transportation sector', 'Euronext Growth', 'next phase', 'Phase 2a', 'second phase', 'Denmark refinery', 'final agreement', 'Northern Europe', 'HySynergy project', 'Everfuel Phase', '8 tons', 'offtake', '100MW', 'day', 'construction', 'operation', 'Fredericia', '35 percent', 'supplies', 'February', 'signing', 'realization', '1,000 MW', 'production', 'biofuels', 'SAF', 'opportunities', 'supply', 'heat', 'order', 'key', 'journey', 'CEO', 'partnership', 'game-changer', 'stations', 'crossbridgepartners', 'June', 'acquisition', 'competitive', 'enterprise', 'customers', 'electrification', 'Herning', 'activities', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Oslo', 'EFUEL']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220629005255/en/Guidewire-Announces-Sopra-Steria-as-New-Consulting-Alliance-Partner,Guidewire Announces Sopra Steria as New Consulting Alliance Partner,SAN MATEO  Calif. & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #Guidewire--Guidewire announced that Sopra Steria has joined Guidewire PartnerConnect as a Consulting alliance member at the Select level for the EMEA region.,SAN MATEO  Calif. & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Guidewire (NYSE: GWRE) announced that Sopra Steria  a leader in consulting  digital services  and software development  has joined Guidewire PartnerConnect as a Consulting alliance member at the Select level for the EMEA region.With nearly 30 locations across Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia  Sopra Steria partners with P&C insurers to unlock business productivity through digital transformation. The company’s customer-centric focus  scalable solutions  and expertise in Guidewire Cloud and Guidewire’s suite of products including PolicyCenter  BillingCenter  and ClaimCenter enable insurers to gain speed  agility  and achieve new levels of performance.Sopra Steria’s extended team of Guidewire experts provides planning  deployment  and maintenance support  helping clients accelerate their digital journey  automating and streamlining processes.“With Guidewire  Sopra Steria is improving the customer experience that P&C insurers deliver  and helping to enhance their business performance and value proposition ” said Guillaume Steyer  Head of Insurance Business Unit  Sopra Steria. “Our agile solutions keep insurers at the forefront of innovation and better able to anticipate and respond to market developments to meet customers’ ever-changing needs.”“We are thrilled to welcome Sopra Steria as a Select partner within our PartnerConnect program ” said Lisa Walsh  Group Vice President  Global Consulting Alliances  Guidewire Software. “Sopra Steria is already delivering intelligent  proven solutions to P&C insurers that optimize business processes and agility  and we look forward to continuing our collaboration.”About Sopra SteriaSopra Steria  a European leader in the field of technology  renowned for its consulting  digital services  and software development  helps its clients drive their digital transformation and obtain tangible and sustainable benefits. It provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies and organisations more competitive by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with a fully collaborative approach. Sopra Steria places people at the heart of everything it does and is committed to putting digital to work for its clients in order to build a positive future for all. With 47 000 employees in nearly 30 countries  the Group generated revenue of €4.7 billion in 2021. The world is how we shape it. Sopra Steria (SOP) is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment A) – ISIN: FR0000050809. For more information  visit us at www.soprasteria.com.About Guidewire PartnerConnectGuidewire PartnerConnect Consulting partners provide consulting services such as business transformation and strategy  implementation  and related solution and delivery services. To date  Guidewire Consulting practices worldwide include 18 000+ consultants who have been trained or are experienced in Guidewire products. Guidewire PartnerConnect is an invitation-only program.For more information about Guidewire PartnerConnect please visit https://www.guidewire.com/partnerconnect.About GuidewireGuidewire is the platform P&C insurers trust to engage  innovate  and grow efficiently. ​We combine digital  core  analytics  and AI to deliver our platform as a cloud service. More than 450 insurers  from new ventures to the largest and most complex in the world  run on Guidewire.As a partner to our customers  we continually evolve to enable their success. We are proud of our unparalleled implementation track record  with 1 000+ successful projects  supported by the largest R&D team and partner ecosystem in the industry. Our marketplace provides hundreds of applications that accelerate integration  localization  and innovation.For more information  please visit www.guidewire.com and follow us on Twitter: @Guidewire_PandC.NOTE: For information about Guidewire’s trademarks  visit https://www.guidewire.com/legal-notices.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['New Consulting Alliance Partner', 'Sopra Steria', 'Guidewire', 'largest R&D team', 'customer-centric focus, scalable solutions', 'unparalleled implementation track record', 'P&C insurers trust', 'Guidewire PartnerConnect Consulting partners', 'intelligent, proven solutions', '1,000+ successful projects', 'Consulting alliance member', 'Global Consulting Alliances', 'Insurance Business Unit', 'Group Vice President', 'Guidewire Consulting practices', 'extended team', 'agile solutions', '18,000+ consultants', 'consulting services', 'end solutions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business productivity', 'business sectors', 'business transformation', 'SAN MATEO', 'Sopra Steria', 'software development', 'Select level', 'EMEA region', 'Middle East', 'new levels', 'maintenance support', 'customer experience', 'value proposition', 'Guillaume Steyer', 'market developments', 'changing needs', 'Lisa Walsh', 'sustainable benefits', 'large companies', 'depth knowledge', 'wide range', 'innovative technologies', 'collaborative approach', 'positive future', 'Compartment A', 'related solution', 'delivery services', 'cloud service', 'new ventures', 'digital services', 'digital transformation', 'digital journey', 'digital, core', 'Guidewire Cloud', 'Guidewire experts', 'Guidewire Software', 'Select partner', 'partner ecosystem', 'business performance', 'PartnerConnect program', 'business processes', 'European leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'Guidewire products', '450 insurers', 'Calif.', 'NYSE', 'GWRE', '30 locations', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'company', 'expertise', 'suite', 'PolicyCenter', 'BillingCenter', 'ClaimCenter', 'speed', 'agility', 'planning', 'deployment', 'clients', 'streamlining', 'Head', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'customers', 'collaboration', 'field', 'technology', 'tangible', 'organisations', 'people', 'heart', 'everything', 'order', '47,000 employees', '30 countries', 'revenue', 'world', 'ISIN', 'information', 'soprasteria', 'strategy', 'date', 'invitation', 'platform', 'analytics', 'More', 'industry', 'marketplace', 'hundreds', 'applications', 'integration', 'localization', 'Twitter', 'Guidewire_PandC', 'NOTE', 'trademarks', 'notices']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000261.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Jun 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4968 £ 24.8063 Estimated MTD return 0.19 % 0.31 % Estimated YTD return -2.41 % -1.97 % Estimated ITD return 184.97 % 148.06 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.38 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.3221 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.1902The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'Story', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000034.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Jun 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4968 £ 24.8063 Estimated MTD return 0.19 % 0.31 % Estimated YTD return -2.41 % -1.97 % Estimated ITD return 184.97 % 148.06 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.38 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.3221 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.1902The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'Story', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/italian-design-brands-preparing-milan-ipo-to-fund-growth-1048374,Italian Design Brands preparing Milan IPO to fund growth,MILAN (Reuters) -   Italian Design Brands (IDB) has kicked off the process for a initial public offering with the aim to list on the Star segment of the Euronext bourse in Milan  it said in a statement on Wednesday.,MILAN (Reuters) – Italian Design Brands (IDB) has kicked off the process for a initial public offering with the aim to list on the Star segment of the Euronext bourse in Milan  it said in a statement on Wednesday.Founded in 2015 to promote a hub of high-quality Italian furniture and design companies  IDB has appointed Citigroup and Equita as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the IPO  with Equita acting as sponsor.,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', 'Milan IPO', 'growth', 'initial public offering', 'high-quality Italian furniture', 'Italian Design Brands', 'joint global coordinators', 'design companies', 'joint bookrunners', 'Star segment', 'Euronext bourse', 'MILAN', 'Reuters', 'IDB', 'process', 'aim', 'statement', 'Wednesday', 'hub', 'Citigroup', 'Equita', 'IPO', 'sponsor']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,fxempire.com
7153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/06/29/2471538/0/en/Atari-Unveils-Atari-50-The-Anniversary-Celebration-an-Interactive-Atari-Library-that-Blends-the-Past-Present-and-Future.html,Atari Unveils Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration  an Interactive Atari Library that Blends the Past  Present  and Future - GlobeNewswire,<ol><li>Atari Unveils Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration  an Interactive Atari Library that Blends the Past  Present  and Future  GlobeNewswire</li><li>Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration Features Over 90 Titles  Including Jaguar And Lynx Games  Ninten…,NEW YORK  June 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — unveiled today Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration   an interactive game experience coming this November to PC and consoles. Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration is a robust interactive history of Atari and the creative individuals who set the video game industry in motion told through a combination of classic and modern games  videos  and unpublished interviews.“We cannot think of a better way to celebrate our golden anniversary than to share the decades of fun  innovation  and talent with our fans worldwide through this truly remarkable collection ” said Atari CEO Wade Rosen. “To say it’s an honor to bring this collection to life is an understatement. I speak for everyone at Atari when I say we are elated to share this new Atari experience with the world as our 50th-anniversary celebration.”Far more than just a collection of games  Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration is a true interactive history of the iconic publisher and a celebration of the small team in Silicon Valley who combined their creativity  curiosity  and passion  resulting in what would be Atari. Through an interactive linear timeline  players access a trove of over 90 video games organized by era  as well as various files and assets  including early development sketches  hardware schematics  internal memos  images  videos  and other “artifacts ” much of which have never been accessible by the public. Behind every game are the stories of Atari  what was happening at the company  what went into the creation of the games  and the hardware they ran on—told by the people who were there.Unlike any other video game collection in existence  Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration emulates eight different Atari hardware platforms in one package—a true feat by the development team at Digital Eclipse. The collection includes titles drawn from five decades — a library of published works that represent the evolution of game development and the Atari games that influenced what would become the video game industry as we know it today.Key Features of Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration Include:Artifacts: A rich collection of discoverable photos  sketches  early marketing materials  and even classic console schematics are accessed by uncovering relevant points on the interactive Atari timeline  all of which put Atari’s library of games in historical context.A rich collection of discoverable photos  sketches  early marketing materials  and even classic console schematics are accessed by uncovering relevant points on the interactive Atari timeline  all of which put Atari’s library of games in historical context. Video Games by Era: Explore the Atari timeline and unlock games across decades as you learn the background of each  including their inception and the talented individuals behind the projects on six platforms: Atari 2600  Atari 5200  Atari 7800  Atari ST  Atari Jaguar  and Atari Lynx.Explore the Atari timeline and unlock games across decades as you learn the background of each  including their inception and the talented individuals behind the projects on six platforms: Atari 2600  Atari 5200  Atari 7800  Atari ST  Atari Jaguar  and Atari Lynx. Bonus Games: Unlocked through completing challenges and uncovering certain Artifacts  bonus games include dozens of newly finished “never-completed” games from the 1980s  experimental new versions of classic titles  and mash-ups that marry beloved early-era titles into a single  fluid experience.Unlocked through completing challenges and uncovering certain Artifacts  bonus games include dozens of newly finished “never-completed” games from the 1980s  experimental new versions of classic titles  and mash-ups that marry beloved early-era titles into a single  fluid experience. Expert Insight Through Storytelling: The collection is outfitted with a handful of various never-before-seen interviews with Atari leadership  past and present  as well as other prolific names in the games industry; complemented  of course  by the video game developers who helped raise Atari to become an industry icon.The collection is outfitted with a handful of various never-before-seen interviews with Atari leadership  past and present  as well as other prolific names in the games industry; complemented  of course  by the video game developers who helped raise Atari to become an industry icon. Reimagined and Revisited: The team at Digital Eclipse created five new games for the collection that reimagine some of the most beloved Atari classics or play on classic game themes  including Haunted House  Neo Breakout  Yars’ Revenge  Vctr Sctr  and the infamously never-finished Airworld.Developed Digital Eclipse   Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration will be available in November 2022 on Nintendo Switch  Xbox One and Series X|S  PlayStation 4|5  and Windows PC via Steam and Epic Games Store.A full press kit for Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration can be accessed here: https://uberstrategist.link/Atari-50-Celebration-Game-pkit .To stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook   Twitter   and Instagram .About AtariAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Paris (Compartment C  ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ATA) and will be eligible for trading on Euronext Growth on June 30  2022 (Ticker ALATA).©2022 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.PRESS CONTACT,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.22,0.07,True,English,"['The Anniversary Celebration', 'Interactive Atari Library', 'Past', 'Present', 'Future', 'GlobeNewswire', 'eight different Atari hardware platforms', 'Atari CEO Wade Rosen', 'other video game collection', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'robust interactive history', 'early marketing materials', 'single, fluid experience', 'other prolific names', 'Series X|S', 'full press kit', 'experimental new versions', 'interactive game experience', 'video game developers', 'interactive linear timeline', 'The Anniversary Celebration', 'iconic consumer brands', 'true interactive history', 'beloved early-era titles', 'classic game themes', 'classic console schematics', 'video game industry', 'Epic Games Store', 'beloved Atari classics', 'new Atari experience', 'interactive Atari timeline', 'five new games', 'early development sketches', 'hardware schematics', 'game development', 'six platforms', 'golden anniversary', 'NEW YORK', '50th-anniversary celebration', '90 video games', 'classic titles', 'iconic publisher', 'true feat', 'industry icon', 'other “artifacts', 'games industry', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'creative individuals', 'unpublished interviews', 'Silicon Valley', 'internal memos', 'one package', 'development team', 'Digital Eclipse', 'Key Features', 'discoverable photos', 'relevant points', 'historical context', 'talented individuals', 'Expert Insight', 'seen interviews', 'Haunted House', 'Neo Breakout', 'Yars’ Revenge', 'Vctr Sctr', 'Nintendo Switch', 'modern games', 'Bonus Games', 'completed” games', 'five decades', 'small team', 'Atari ST', 'Atari Jaguar', 'Atari Lynx', 'Atari leadership', 'remarkable collection', 'rich collection', 'Windows PC', 'Atari games', 'various files', 'Atari®', 'Atari 50', 'world', 'consoles', 'motion', 'combination', 'videos', 'way', 'fun', 'innovation', 'fans', 'honor', 'life', 'understatement', 'everyone', 'creativity', 'curiosity', 'passion', 'players', 'trove', 'assets', 'images', 'public', 'stories', 'company', 'creation', 'people', 'existence', 'library', 'works', 'evolution', 'background', 'inception', 'projects', 'challenges', 'dozens', '1980s', 'mash-ups', 'Storytelling', 'handful', 'present', 'course', 'November', 'Xbox', 'PlayStation', 'Steam']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,globenewswire.com
7154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220629005239/en/Medidata-Announces-Rapid-Expansion-of-its-Sensor-Cloud-Network-with-the-Addition-of-10-Health-Technology-Innovators,Medidata Announces Rapid Expansion of its Sensor Cloud Network with the Addition of 10 Health Technology Innovators,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #Medidata--Ten organizations joined Medidata's Sensor Cloud Network  focused on sensor integration and standardization  and digital biomarker development.,"NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  announced 10 highly innovative organizations have joined its groundbreaking Sensor Cloud Network. AliveCor  Aural Analytics  Biobeat  Blue Spark Technologies  Glooko  Indie Health  University of Arizona  Carnegie Mellon University  University of Rochester  and University of Vermont are now part of the first cross-sector collaboration focused on solving the challenges related to sensor integrations  standardization of sensor data  and the development of novel digital biomarkers and algorithms. These will help to create new digital endpoints that could translate into more effective treatments and better healthcare for patients.The Sensor Cloud Network  which includes contract research organizations (CROs)  device manufacturers  drug and vaccine developers  analytics companies  and academic institutions  creates opportunities for data scientists to refine  test  and deliver physiological algorithms with clinical meaning at scale. Examples include refined motion parameters like gait  cardiovascular metrics  metabolic insights  and clinical-grade speech analytics.“ As the use of sensors in clinical trials is predicted to reach 50% by 20251  we are focused on making Medidata Sensor Cloud the industry standard for collecting and analyzing medical-grade sensor data ” said Ben Schlatka  vice president  Digital Biomarker Solutions at Medidata. “ We are excited to work with a diverse group of partners to help shape the future of patient data collection and analysis  and make Sensor Cloud the platform of choice for developing new digital biomarkers across a wide variety of therapeutic areas.”Comments from the newest Sensor Cloud Network partners:“AliveCor is pleased to join the Medidata Sensor Cloud Network to help facilitate and expand access to clinical trials for a range of serious conditions. Medidata and AliveCor are democratizing clinical research by providing a reliable way to remotely capture and share important heart health data ” said Aman Bhatti  M.D.  senior vice president  Global Biopharma  AliveCor  a leading innovator in FDA-cleared personal electrocardiogram (ECG) technology.""Aural Analytics is thrilled to partner with an industry leader like Medidata. The inclusion of our technology in Medidata’s innovative platform will greatly enhance its capacity for speech collection and analysis "" said Judy Smythe  CEO of Aural Analytics  the industry’s leading neuroscience company harnessing the clinical utility of speech across age ranges and around the world.“ We eagerly look forward to collaborating with Medidata and its partners  as we jointly support and advance the decentralized clinical trial (DCT) process with AI-powered remote patient monitoring technology to better aggregate patient data ” said Arik Ben Ishay  CEO of Biobeat  a medtech company with unique health-AI capabilities in the patient monitoring space.“Blue Spark is excited to become one of the first members of Medidata Sensor Cloud Network. The integration of our TempTraq wearable  wireless continuous temperature monitoring platform gives researchers access to real-time continuous human body temperature data  fed right into the Sensor Cloud Network. TempTraq has been clinically shown to detect fevers up to 18 hours earlier than the standard of care ” said John Gannon  president and CEO of Blue Spark Technologies  Inc.  an innovator in wearable  medical device solutions.“ We are very pleased to partner with Medidata’s Sensor Cloud team in making it easier for Life Science organizations to execute global clinical trials  using Glooko’s Connected Research platform. This will benefit researchers in collecting digital endpoints while providing patients with a better trial experience  which will ultimately result in more efficient development of new and novel therapeutics for all disease states ” said Komathi Stem  Chief Operating Officer of Glooko  a digital health company that uses AI/ML algorithms to deliver precision engagement  transform care  and accelerate clinical research."" We are thrilled to announce this unique partnership with the Medidata Sensor Cloud Network as both of our companies believe that moving clinical research to the home with decentralized data collection will improve the quality of the industry  translating to overall improvements in treatments "" said Clint McClellan  CEO  Indie Health  which makes decentralized clinical trials and remote patient monitoring easy  affordable  scalable  and reliable.“ We are leveraging the tools and technology available in the Medidata Sensor Cloud Network to advance and accelerate our work in the development of fall risk detection algorithms in the Multiple Sclerosis population  a disease that affects 2.3M patients worldwide  50% of whom will experience a fall that negatively impacts their quality of life ” said Dr. Ryan McGinnis  Head of the MSense group at the University of Vermont. “ The Sensor Cloud Network is allowing us to explore the combination of patient reported outcomes and medical-grade wearables data in remote settings at scale to better understand this problem and to develop a digital intervention.”To learn more about the Sensor Cloud Network  please visit here.Medidata is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes  which with its 3DEXPERIENCE platform is positioned to lead the digital transformation of life sciences in the age of personalized medicine with the first end-to-end scientific and business platform  from research to commercialization.Y. Jansen and G. Thornton  “ Wearables & Big Data In Clinical Trials — Where Do We Stand? ” Clinical Leader  February 2020. https://www.clinicalleader.com/doc/wearables-big-data-in-clinical-trials-where-do-we-stand-0001.About MedidataMedidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences  creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical  biotech  medical device and diagnostics companies  and academic researchers accelerate value  minimize risk  and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 2 000+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development  commercial  and real-world data. Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @Medidata.About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com.3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.25,0.12,True,English,"['10 Health Technology Innovators', 'Rapid Expansion', 'Cloud Network', 'Medidata', 'Sensor', 'Addition', 'TempTraq wearable, wireless continuous temperature monitoring platform', 'real-time continuous human body temperature data', 'decentralized clinical trial (DCT) process', 'newest Sensor Cloud Network partners', 'AI-powered remote patient monitoring technology', 'wearable, medical device solutions', 'groundbreaking Sensor Cloud Network', 'The Sensor Cloud Network', 'Dassault Systèmes company', 'important heart health data', 'Medidata Sensor Cloud Network', 'fall risk detection algorithms', 'patient monitoring space', 'Sensor Cloud team', 'medical-grade sensor data', 'decentralized data collection', 'Digital Biomarker Solutions', 'patient reported outcomes', 'medical-grade wearables data', 'refined motion parameters', 'FDA-cleared personal electrocardiogram', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Multiple Sclerosis population', 'Dr. Ryan McGinnis', 'patient data collection', 'decentralized clinical trials', 'Connected Research platform', 'digital health company', '10 highly innovative organizations', 'first cross-sector collaboration', 'leading neuroscience company', 'Arik Ben Ishay', 'unique health-AI capabilities', 'contract research organizations', 'novel digital biomarkers', 'Blue Spark Technologies', 'new digital biomarkers', 'Life Science organizations', 'new digital endpoints', 'senior vice president', 'global clinical trials', 'Carnegie Mellon University', 'clinical-grade speech analytics', 'innovative platform', 'trial experience', 'sensor integrations', 'remote se', 'data scientists', 'device manufacturers', 'medtech company', 'clinical research', 'Indie Health', 'speech collection', 'clinical meaning', 'Ben Schlatka', 'Global Biopharma', 'clinical utility', 'first members', 'novel therapeutics', 'unique partnership', 'NEW YORK', 'physiological algorithms', 'ECG) technology', 'AI/ML algorithms', 'Aural Analytics', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'vaccine developers', 'academic institutions', 'cardiovascular metrics', 'metabolic insights', 'diverse group', 'wide variety', 'therapeutic areas', 'serious conditions', 'reliable way', 'Aman Bhatti', 'M.D.', 'leading innovator', 'Judy Smythe', 'age ranges', 'John Gannon', 'Komathi Stem', 'precision engagement', 'overall improvements', 'Clint McClellan', 'MSense group', 'analytics companies', 'effective treatments', 'disease states', 'efficient development', '2.3M patients', 'industry leader', 'AliveCor', 'Biobeat', 'Glooko', 'Arizona', 'Rochester', 'Vermont', 'challenges', 'standardization', 'healthcare', 'drug', 'opportunities', 'scale', 'Examples', 'gait', 'use', 'sensors', 'future', 'analysis', 'choice', 'Comments', 'access', 'inclusion', 'capacity', 'CEO', 'world', 'researchers', 'fevers', 'home', 'quality', 'tools', 'Head', 'combination']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220629005320/en/Razorfish-Study-Finds-47-of-Travelers-Believe-Spending-a-Lot-of-Money-on-a-Trip-Could-Dilute-a-More-Immersive-Authentic-Experience,Razorfish Study Finds 47% of Travelers Believe Spending a Lot of Money on a Trip Could Dilute a More Immersive  Authentic Experience,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #marketing--With the arrival of the summer travel season  Razorfish  in conjunction with VICE Media Group  released findings from a new research study that aims to understand what makes a memorable travel experience for today’s pri…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--With the arrival of the summer travel season  Razorfish  in conjunction with VICE Media Group  released findings from a new research study that aims to understand what makes a memorable travel experience for today’s price-conscious traveler. The study  titled Epic Travel Experiences of the Thrifty Traveler  unpacks the motivations and desires of budget travelers who seek and craft epic travel experiences in the face of rising ticket prices  high fuel costs  and inflation.Travel brands need to understand how best to navigate these dynamics so that they engage with their audiences in the most targeted and meaningful way. The study explores the new mindset of these thrifty Gen Z and millennial travelers  and it seeks to define the new “essentials” of what constitutes a rewarding travel experience for them.For two years  consumers were immersed in safety precautions that kept them closer to home. But now  as travelers emerge from COVID-19 lockdowns and mandates  the travel industry anticipates what some call the summer of “revenge travel ” with bookings already booming despite economic headwinds. There is no denying that changing consumer attitudes and behaviors  coupled with 40-year high inflation  have transformed the travel landscape. In turn  motivations around travel  the way consumers approach their planning  and their expectations of the experience have changed irrevocably.True immersion doesn’t have a hefty price tagA major shift in the travel landscape includes the perception of a “memorable experience.” Gone are the days of a 5-star luxury hotel stay to convey one’s vacation status. Instead  consumers today look at the holistic travel experience to determine its worth. The study found that 75% of respondents say the trips they value the most are ones that do not cost a lot of money. Further  40% are willing to spend half or more of their travel budget on a highly curated moment or experience. Forty-seven percent of travelers  and 55% of Gen Z specifically  say that spending a lot of money on a trip could even dilute a more immersive and authentic experience.In fact  with extended remote work policies  75% of people are open to a digital nomad lifestyle  and 42% want the opportunity to “live” in a new place  rather just visit it. Further  40% of travelers expect to forge a connection with the local culture and community while 87% say stumbling upon an activity on a trip is more rewarding than planning for it.Consumers want personalized experiences that create stories to tellAll travelers agree that it is important to have a personalized journey  regardless of budget. According to the Razorfish study  two in five respondents stated that the purpose of a trip is  “to capture a singular  epic moment ” while 90% of respondents believe the most important keepsake from a trip is a story to tell about it. But  today’s travelers also value personal enrichment: 79% believe that traveling isn’t about getting to a new place  it’s about how you grow as a result of the journey.No two travelers are alikeDespite a common desire for bespoke  curated experiences  generational differences emerge when it comes to emotional drivers: 43% of respondents (52% of Gen Z) want to get out of their comfort zone and 39% (50% of Gen Z) want a sense of risk and excitement while traveling. Gen Z specifically seeks out a sense of suffering  with 64% (42% overall) saying the more complicated the journey (e.g.  multi-leg) to arrive at a destination  the better.The study also found marked gender differences in how men and women get their travel inspiration. For example  73% of women (vs. 55% of men) seek travel inspiration from friends  family  and coworkers  and 24% of men turn to news sites (vs. 14% of women). Gender also plays a role when it comes to:Lodging: 66% of women are more likely to stay in an Airbnb while 38% of men prefer an all-inclusive resortExperiences: 58% of men say the purpose of a trip is to capture a singular epic moment vs. 28% or womenTransportation: 38% of men will splurge on transportation vs. 68% of women who are more cost-conscious“The public health  cultural  geo-political  and economic shifts over the past few years have undeniably transformed the travel industry ” said Malavika Rao  Senior Director  Brand Strategy at Razorfish. “Pent-up travel demand and rising inflation have created a unique confluence for travel brands. As individuals re-enter the world of travel  brands need to understand how to best leverage their resources to create the most valuable engagements and experiences that align with evolving traveler expectations despite today’s macro pressures.”“Consumers today view themselves as a traveler instead of a tourist—the term traveler carries cachet ” said Julie Arbit  Global SVP  Insights at VICE Media Group. “This view is due to the numerous global events over the past two years that have had an effect on consumers’ expectations and desires around travel. Gone are the days of mundane travel--for business or leisure--and instead  consumers now look for spontaneity and excitement in their adventures. Travel brands that provide the opportunity for consumers to step outside of their comfort zones will come out on top at the end of this busy summer season.”Travel brands need to understand how to navigate the evolving landscape and meet the shifting priorities of today’s travelers. With this in mind  Razorfish recommends that brands remember:No two travelers are alike: Understand where needs converge and diverge  and personalize your experience to different travel segments. Elevate the experience: Sell the benefit  not just the journey. Keep it 100% authentic: Think like a local  market like a local. Travel choices are influenced by culture: Understand the true sources of inspiration and intersect them in the moment. Stories are the ultimate currency: Ensure there are ample opportunities for people to write their own. Reimagine the value exchange of travel: Entertainment is short-lived; enrichment and transformation are forever.Note to Editor: The full study  Epic Travel Experiences of the Thrifty Traveler  is available on razorfish.com  and publishable images can be downloaded here.MethodologyRazorfish and VICE Media Group conducted two phases of research in the US. During Phase 1  Razorfish conducted 12 one-hour IDIs with members of VICE and Refinery29’s online communities  VICE Voices and Mad Chatter. These participants had traveled within the month leading up to the interviews and classified their trip as low budget/cost-conscious. Phase 2  February 4 - February 21  2022  consisted of an online survey. Razorfish quantified learnings using an online survey that included 548 Gen Z and Millennial VICE and Refinery29 audience members. These respondents were recent travelers and incorporated elements of low budget/cost-conscious travel in their trips. The budget element was important to carry through both phases in order to illustrate how to create accessible epic experiences at any price point.Of the 12 budget travelers interviewed  100% were millennials and 50% female  50% male. Of the 548 budget travelers surveyed  25% were Gen Z and 75% millennials; 53% were female  47% male and 3% nonbinary.About RazorfishRazorfish is a global leader in marketing transformation. We help brands and businesses grow by creating unforgettable experiences that connect and enrich people’s lives. A digital pioneer since the dawn of the internet  we’re back to write a new chapter. Everything we make starts with people. Our 1 400 strategy  data  creative and technology experts combine digital innovation  data and cultural insights to help us understand what people want at every part of the journey. Through capabilities in products & platforms; physical & digital; and campaigns & content  we turn ideas into experiences that make a difference for our clients  their customers  and the world we all live in.Learn more at razorfish.com. Twitter: @wearerazorfish | LinkedIn | Instagram | Facebook. Razorfish is part of Publicis Communications  a division of Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40]  a global leader in communication.About VICE Media GroupVICE Media Group is a global multi-platform media company. Launched in 1994  VICE has offices across 25 countries across the globe with a focus on five key businesses: VICE.com  an award-winning international network of digital content; VICE STUDIOS  a feature film and television production studio; VICE TV  an Emmy-winning international television network; a Peabody award-winning NEWS division with the most Emmy-awarded nightly news broadcast; and VIRTUE  a global  full-service creative agency. VICE Media Group’s portfolio includes Refinery29  the leading global media and entertainment company focused on women; PULSE Films  a London-based next-generation production studio with outposts in Los Angeles  New York  Paris and Berlin; and i-D  a global digital and bimonthly magazine defining fashion and contemporary culture and design.,neutral,0.12,0.56,0.31,mixed,0.36,0.29,0.34,True,English,"['Immersive, Authentic Experience', 'Razorfish Study', 'Travelers', 'Lot', 'Money', 'Trip', 'More', '5-star luxury hotel stay', 'extended remote work policies', 'VICE Media Group', 'high fuel costs', 'changing consumer attitudes', 'hefty price tag', 'digital nomad lifestyle', 'rising ticket prices', 'bespoke, curated experiences', 'inclusive resort Experiences', 'numerous global events', 'singular, epic moment', 'singular epic moment', 'summer travel season', 'Pent-up travel demand', '40-year high inflation', 'Epic Travel Experiences', 'rewarding travel experience', 'holistic travel experience', 'evolving traveler expectations', 'thrifty Gen Z', 'memorable travel experience', 'new research study', 'past two years', 'memorable experience', 'Thrifty Traveler', 'personalized experiences', 'rising inflation', 'Global SVP', 'travel industry', 'revenge travel', 'travel landscape', 'travel inspiration', 'mundane travel', 'NEW YORK', 'new mindset', 'new “essentials', 'new place', 'authentic experience', 'price-conscious traveler', 'safety precautions', 'COVID-19 lockdowns', 'economic headwinds', 'True immersion', 'major shift', 'vacation status', 'Forty-seven percent', 'local culture', 'important keepsake', 'personal enrichment', 'common desire', 'generational differences', 'emotional drivers', 'comfort zone', 'news sites', 'economic shifts', 'Malavika Rao', 'Senior Director', 'Brand Strategy', 'unique confluence', 'valuable engagements', 'macro pressures', 'term traveler', 'Julie Arbit', 'Travel brands', 'travel budget', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'meaningful way', 'gender differences', 'millennial travelers', 'two travelers', 'personalized journey', 'five respondents', 'consumers’ expectations', 'budget travelers', 'Razorfish study', 'arrival', 'conjunction', 'findings', 'today', 'motivations', 'desires', 'face', 'dynamics', 'audiences', 'targeted', 'home', 'mandates', 'bookings', 'denying', 'behaviors', 'turn', 'planning', 'perception', 'days', 'worth', 'trips', 'lot', 'money', 'half', 'immersive', 'fact', 'people', 'opportunity', 'connection', 'community', 'activity', 'stories', 'purpose', 'story', 'traveling', 'result', 'sense', 'risk', 'excitement', 'suffering', 'multi-leg', 'destination', 'women', 'example', 'friends', 'family', 'coworkers', 'role', 'Lodging', 'Airbnb', 'Transportation', 'individuals', 'world', 'resources', 'tourist', 'cachet', 'Insights', 'view', 'effect', 'leisure']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4111300.html,Orient Express  The legend back on track,Almost 140 years after the first Orient Express luxury trains changed rail travel forever  the legend continues. Orient Express  artisan of travel since 1883  announces the return of its legendary train and a new and unique format. With the support ...,"Almost 140 years after the first Orient Express luxury trains changed rail travel forever  the legend continues. Orient Express  artisan of travel since 1883  announces the return of its legendary train and a new and unique format.With the support of Accor and leadership of its Chairman & CEO Sébastien Bazin  Orient Express has entrusted architect Maxime d'Angeac with a new  crucial  and historic mission: to revive the legend  by reinterpreting the decor of the Nostalgie-Istanbul-Orient-Express. In 2024  just in time for the Paris Olympic Games  the first cars designed in collaboration with the finest French artisans will unveil the new charms of the Orient Express.This contemporary vision of luxury and extreme comfort will invite travelers to relive the legend aboard 17 original Orient Express cars dating from the 1920s-1930s  adorned with exceptional decor. This set of carriages  most recently known as the ""Nostalgie-Istanbul-Orient-Express"" was a dream train-cruise inaugurated in the early 1980s by Swiss tour operator and businessman Albert Glatt  and in which ran between Zurich and Istanbul. Under the name of “Extrême-Orient-Express” the train made the longest journey ever between Paris and Tokyo  before stopping a few years later and disappearing.In 2015  Arthur Mettetal  a researcher specializing in industrial history  conducted a worldwide inventory of the Orient Express for the SNCF. In the course of his research  he discovered the famous cars surprisingly well-preserved. The interiors maintained the same Morrison and Nelson marquetry and Lalique panels  emblematic of Art Deco style. After two years of negotiations  the Nostalgie-Istanbul-Orient-Express was sold to Orient Express. A Dantesque convoy brought the 17 cars - 12 sleeping cars  1 restaurant  3 lounges and 1 van - back to France.Maxime d'Angeac  architect says: ""The rebirth of the Orient Express is a technological challenge  meeting scientific  artistic and technical criteria  where the entire project has been conceived as a work of art. From the nuts and bolts stamped with Orient Express’ signature to the innovative concept of the suites  an exact science of detail will allow travelers to rediscover the great splendor of the Orient Express. Entrusted to the best artisans and decorators specializing in their unique fields  this embassy of French luxury will unveil a setting of absolute refinement  faithful to the art of tailoring. It will be an incomparable train travel experience  imagined through a contemporary vision of comfort and extreme luxury.”About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Line CrieloueGroup external communications - Executive Director - Corporate+33 1 45 38 18 11Accor",neutral,0.37,0.6,0.04,mixed,0.49,0.19,0.32,True,English,"['Orient Express', 'legend', 'track', 'Line Crieloue Group external communications', 'first Orient Express luxury trains', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'world leading hospitality group', ""architect Maxime d'Angeac"", 'incomparable train travel experience', '17 original Orient Express cars', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'Swiss tour operator', 'businessman Albert Glatt', 'A Dantesque convoy', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'Paris Olympic Games', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'economy hotel brands', 'Orient Express’ signature', 'finest French artisans', 'creative hospitality company', 'Art Deco style', 'Accor Live Limitless', 'first cars', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'French luxury', 'best artisans', 'extreme luxury', 'rail travel', 'legendary train', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'famous cars', '12 sleeping cars', 'unique format', 'historic mission', 'contemporary vision', 'dream train-cruise', 'early 1980s', 'Extrême-Orient-Express', 'longest journey', 'Arthur Mettetal', 'industrial history', 'worldwide inventory', 'same Morrison', 'Nelson marquetry', 'Lalique panels', 'two years', 'technological challenge', 'scientific, artistic', 'technical criteria', 'entire project', 'innovative concept', 'exact science', 'great splendor', 'unique fields', 'absolute refinement', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'Executive Director', 'new charms', 'extreme comfort', 'exceptional decor', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', '260,000 team members', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', '17 cars', '5,300 properties', 'return', 'support', 'leadership', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Nostalgie-Istanbul-Orient-Express', 'time', 'collaboration', 'travelers', '1920s-1930s', 'set', 'carriages', 'Zurich', 'name', 'Tokyo', 'researcher', 'SNCF', 'course', 'interiors', 'negotiations', '1 restaurant', '3 lounges', '1 van', 'France', 'rebirth', 'nuts', 'bolts', 'suites', 'detail', 'decorators', 'embassy', 'tailoring', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Corporate']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,hospitalitynet.org
7157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-selected-by-everstream-to-upgrade-its-network-301578044.html,Ekinops Selected by Everstream to Upgrade Its Network,PARIS  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (EURONEXT PARIS: EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and access network solutions  is delivering its Ekinops360 optical transport solutions to Everstream  the premier provider of high-capacity  lo…,"PARIS  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (EURONEXT PARIS: EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and access network solutions  is delivering its Ekinops360 optical transport solutions to Everstream  the premier provider of high-capacity  low-latency fiber connectivity solutions in the north-central and eastern regions of the United States.Ekinops selected by EverstreamBased in Cleveland  Ohio  Everstream operates an extensive 27 000 fiber-mile network stretching from Duluth  Minnesota all the way to Washington  DC.The network consists of more than 5 000 on-net locations with connectivity in 63 Tier 1 to Tier 4 data centers across its ten-state footprint  including key markets such as Milwaukee  Chicago  Indianapolis  St. Louis  Detroit and Philadelphia.Everstream's exclusive focus on the enterprise market requires a robust  scalable and highly flexible transport network to deliver high-speed fiber services.To meet its requirements for high reliability  ease of operation and strong customer support  Everstream has turned to Ekinops and its Ekinops360 platform with FlexRate™ coherent transport. The solution facilitates increased transport capacity for fiber to the tower (FTTT) backhaul services in addition to enterprise transport applications. ""From wireless backhaul services for 5G to enterprise cloud applications – the demand for bandwidth continues to rise "" said Chuck Girt  Everstream Chief Technology Officer. ""Capacity-building technologies such the Ekinops360 platform provide the scalability called for in Everstream's technology roadmap  enabling delivery of the high-bandwidth  low-latency connectivity solutions our customers require.""Ekinops is delivering its PM 200FRS02 FlexRate module with multi- reach capability from access to ultra-long haul along with a flexgrid ROADM-based optical line system to provide the optical layer flexibility necessary to reconfigure capacity rapidly based on customer demand. Ekinops' Celestis NMS network management system provides the monitoring and control functions and delivers rich  actionable intelligence about the state of the network that Everstream uses to manage all of its locations from its dual network operations centers.""We are very pleased to be partnering with Everstream on such a robust network "" says Kevin Antill  Ekinops' group vice president of sales for North America. ""That they've built so quickly speaks volumes not just about the performance of Ekinops equipment  but also our ability to execute and deliver in response to customer requirements.""For more information about the Ekinops360 portfolio  please visit https://www.ekinops.com/solutions/optical-transportAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEO[email protected]InvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]PressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74[email protected]Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1850259/Ekinops.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.82,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['Ekinops', 'Everstream', 'Network', ""Ekinops' Celestis NMS network management system"", '63 Tier 1 to Tier 4 data centers', 'flexgrid ROADM-based optical line system', 'high-capacity, low-latency fiber connectivity solutions', 'PM 200FRS02 FlexRate module', 'dual network operations centers', 'high-bandwidth, low-latency connectivity solutions', 'highly flexible transport network', ""Ekinops' group vice president"", 'Ekinops360 optical transport solutions', 'Everstream Chief Technology Officer', 'optical transport systems', 'optical layer flexibility', 'FlexRate™ coherent transport', 'extensive 27,000 fiber-mile network', 'multi- reach capability', 'rich, actionable intelligence', 'Didier Brédy', 'enterprise transport applications', 'high-speed fiber services', 'enterprise cloud applications', 'access network solutions', 'strong customer support', 'wireless backhaul services', 'technology roadmap', 'robust network', 'enterprise market', 'transport capacity', 'Ekinops360 platform', 'Ekinops360 portfolio', 'leading supplier', 'premier provider', 'eastern regions', 'United States', 'ten-state footprint', 'key markets', 'St. Louis', 'exclusive focus', 'robust, scalable', 'high reliability', 'Chuck Girt', 'Capacity-building technologies', 'ultra-long haul', 'control functions', 'Kevin Antill', 'North America', 'Ekinops equipment', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'customer demand', 'customer requirements', 'EURONEXT PARIS', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'net locations', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'north-central', 'Cleveland', 'Ohio', 'Duluth', 'Minnesota', 'Washington', 'DC', 'Milwaukee', 'Chicago', 'Indianapolis', 'Detroit', 'Philadelphia', 'tower', 'FTTT', 'addition', '5G', 'scalability', 'delivery', 'customers', 'monitoring', 'sales', 'volumes', 'performance', 'response', 'information', 'optical-transport', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'Photo', 'Logo', '33', '1 53']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2022/06/29/russian-bonds-in-default-were-listed-and-prospectus-approved-in-dublin/,Russian bonds in default were listed and prospectus-approved in Dublin,Investors were warned on impact of ‘continued geopolitical tensions  particularly if they were to result in additional sanctions’,The two Russian bonds at the centre this week of the country’s first foreign default since the Bolshevik Revolution more than a century ago were sold to investors using bond prospectuses that were approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.The bonds were also listed on Euronext Dublin before the exchange moved to delist a series of Russian securities as a result of EU sanctions against the country in the wake its invasion of Ukraine.The formal documents – used for the two bonds  issued in 2016 and last year  respectively – highlighted various sanctions existing at the time amid what they term as “differences of views… regarding events in Ukraine” in the wake of Russia’s annexation of Crimea in 2014.The 2021 prospectus for a bond that is due to mature in 2036 also outlined in detail restrictions at the time on the import or export of certain products  technology and services. Prospectuses are used for marketing as well as disclosures to prospective investors.Both documents warned that “continued geopolitical tensions  particularly if they were to result in additional sanctions and retaliatory measures  could have a material adverse impact on the Russian Federation’s economy  the economies of the other countries involved  and global economic conditions”.Russia missed a key deadline over the weekend to pay $100 million (€94.6 million) of interest payments owed on the two bonds  as sanctions imposed in the wake of the country’s invasion of Ukraine in late February made it impossible for it to get the money to international creditors.Ratings agency Moody’s said the missed payments – following a 30-day period of grace after the interest fell due in late May – constituted a default under its definition  adding that the Kremlin would also likely default on future bond payments.Russia’s last sovereign default occurred in 1998  during the nation’s financial collapse and rouble devaluation led to then president Boris Yeltsin’s government reneging on $40 billon of rouble-denominated debt. However  this is the country’s first external default since 1918  during the Bolshevik Revolution when Vladimir Lenin  the newly installed communist leader  repudiated the debt of the Russian empire.When Vladimir Putin ordered his troops to invade Ukraine in February  more than half of Russia’s $40 billion of euro and dollar-denominated debt was listed on the Euronext Dublin exchange  the world’s No1 bond listings venue  under prospectuses approved by the Central Bank. The securities themselves are actually governed by English law  but the documents do not say where disputes could be settled.The bonds were not traded on the Irish exchange before they were delisted  but over the counter in securities broker-dealer hubs such as London and Frankfurt. Still  Euronext Dublin and an ecosystem of professional services firms in the capital earn lucrative fees from the bond listings line of work. As such  Dublin has played its role in facilitating Mr Putin’s government in accessing global debt markets over the years.“The Central Bank of Ireland reviews a prospectus to ensure it contains all of the disclosures as required under the [EU] Prospectus Regulation ” a spokesman for the bank said. “Approval of the prospectus is granted when those requirements are met. The Central Bank is not responsible for verifying the information the issuer includes in the prospectus.”The Kremlin  which has the money to make payments thanks to oil and gas revenues  has accused the West of driving Russia into an artificial default.A formal default is seen as largely symbolic as Russia is currently unable to borrow internationally and does not need to thanks to plentiful oil and gas export revenues. But the stigma would probably raise its borrowing costs in future.,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,negative,0.02,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Russian bonds', 'default', 'Dublin', 'No1 bond listings venue', 'bond listings line', 'material adverse impact', 'global economic conditions', 'president Boris Yeltsin', 'first foreign default', 'first external default', 'securities broker-dealer hubs', 'professional services firms', 'global debt markets', 'last sovereign default', 'The Central Bank', 'gas export revenues', 'two Russian bonds', 'future bond payments', 'Euronext Dublin exchange', 'gas revenues', 'last year', 'artificial default', 'formal default', 'Russian securities', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian empire', 'The Kremlin', 'two bonds', 'Bolshevik Revolution', 'geopolitical tensions', 'retaliatory measures', 'other countries', 'key deadline', 'international creditors', 'Ratings agency', '30-day period', 'late May', 'financial collapse', 'rouble devaluation', 'rouble-denominated debt', 'Vladimir Lenin', 'communist leader', 'Vladimir Putin', 'dollar-denominated debt', 'English law', 'Irish exchange', 'lucrative fees', 'Mr Putin', 'borrowing costs', 'bond prospectuses', 'EU sanctions', 'various sanctions', 'additional sanctions', 'prospective investors', 'late February', 'plentiful oil', 'formal documents', 'interest payments', 'centre', 'country', 'Ireland', 'series', 'result', 'wake', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'time', 'differences', 'views', 'events', 'annexation', 'Crimea', '2021 prospectus', 'detail', 'restrictions', 'import', 'products', 'technology', 'marketing', 'disclosures', 'economy', 'economies', 'weekend', 'money', 'Moody', 'grace', 'definition', 'government', '$40 billon', 'troops', 'half', 'world', 'disputes', 'counter', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'ecosystem', 'capital', 'work', 'role', 'years', 'spokesman', 'Approval', 'requirements', 'information', 'issuer', 'West', 'stigma']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,irishtimes.com
7159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-shareholders-elect-new-members-to-its-board-of-directors-301577958.html,VEON Shareholders Elect New Members to its Board of Directors,AMSTERDAM  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and services announces the results of the elections conducted at its Annual General Meeting of Shareho…,"AMSTERDAM  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and services announces the results of the elections conducted at its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held earlier today.During the AGM which included the formal presentation of the financial statements of the Company and the election of directors  Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu also provided a year-to-date business update.Shareholders elected three new members to the Company's Board of Directors: Augie Fabela  Morten Lundal and Stan Miller. Shareholders also elected eight previously serving directors: Hans-Holger Albrecht  Yaroslav Glazunov  Andrei Gusev  Gunnar Holt  Karen Linehan  Irene Shvakman  Vasily Sidorov and Michiel Soeting. The Board would like to thank Gennady Gazin  Leonid Boguslavsky and Sergi Herrero for their contribution and service to the Company.Holders of approximately 99.9% of the Company's shares were represented at the Annual General Meeting.Information on the New DirectorsAugie K Fabela II is Chairman Emeritus and Co-Founder of VEON Ltd. He is Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of FastForward.ai  a Silicon Valley startup  with a mission to transform how brands and marketers engage with consumers inside social media channels. He is a serial entrepreneur  innovative global leader and #1 bestselling author of ""The Impatience Economy"". Augie graduated from Stanford University with a B.A. and M.A. in International Relations and International Policy Studies.Morten Lundal has over 20 years' experience as an executive in the telecoms sector with extensive experience in emerging markets  having held key positions at Telenor Group in Oslo and Vodafone Group in London as well as CEO of Maxis Bhd and Digi.Com Bhd in Malaysia. Morten completed his Master of Business and Economics at the Norwegian School of Management and holds an MBA from IMD in Lausanne.Stan Miller has over 30 years' experience in both the telecommunications and media industries. He has deep and broad experience as an Executive Director and CEO  NED & INED at listed companies across a number of diverse markets and countries. He is currently CEO of AIH SA (Lux)  CEO of Leaderman SArL (Lux)  a Member of the Board of MTN Group (Africa)  and senior advisor to several leading PE firms. Stan graduated with a Diploma in Law & Administration from Technicon RSA (UNISA). He completed several post graduate programs at University of Cape Town Graduate School of Business (UCT) and at London Business School (LBS).DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  ""inside information"" as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and internet services. For more information visit: www.veon.comContact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershaw[email protected]+31 20 79 77 200SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.32,0.13,0.55,True,English,"['VEON Shareholders', 'New Members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'several leading PE firms', 'several post graduate programs', 'Cape Town Graduate School', 'Augie K Fabela II', 'Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Silicon Valley startup', 'The Impatience Economy', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'global digital operator', 'innovative global leader', 'three new members', 'social media channels', 'International Policy Studies', 'Digi.Com Bhd', 'London Business School', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'Augie Fabela', 'Norwegian School', 'global provider', 'International Relations', 'Telenor Group', 'Vodafone Group', 'Maxis Bhd', 'media industries', 'MTN Group', 'formal presentation', 'Hans-Holger Albrecht', 'Yaroslav Glazunov', 'Andrei Gusev', 'Gunnar Holt', 'Karen Linehan', 'Irene Shvakman', 'Vasily Sidorov', 'Michiel Soeting', 'Gennady Gazin', 'Leonid Boguslavsky', 'Sergi Herrero', 'New Directors', 'Chairman Emeritus', 'FastForward.ai', 'serial entrepreneur', 'B.A.', 'M.A.', ""20 years' experience"", 'telecoms sector', 'extensive experience', 'emerging markets', 'key positions', ""30 years' experience"", 'broad experience', 'listed companies', 'diverse markets', 'AIH SA', 'Leaderman SArL', 'senior advisor', 'Technicon RSA', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'financial statements', 'business update', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Morten Lundal', 'Stan Miller', 'Executive Chairman', 'Executive Director', 'converged connectivity', 'serving directors', 'Stanford University', 'management plans', 'unanticipated events', 'internet services', 'press release', 'Contact Information', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'results', 'elections', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'Company', 'Board', 'contribution', 'shares', 'Founder', 'mission', 'brands', 'marketers', 'consumers', 'Oslo', 'Malaysia', 'Master', 'Economics', 'MBA', 'IMD', 'Lausanne', 'telecommunications', 'deep', 'NED', 'number', 'countries', 'Lux', 'Africa', 'Diploma', 'Administration', 'UNISA', 'UCT', 'LBS', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'elements', '31']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/one-concern-and-veolia-join-forces-to-foster-climate-resilience-in-the-water-sector-in-japan-301577553.html,One Concern and Veolia Join Forces to Foster Climate Resilience in the Water Sector in Japan,One Concern and Veolia sign a three-year partnership that uses digital twin technology to increase resilience strategy in the water sector through risk analysis and simulation MENLO PARK  Calif.  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- One Concern  a climate analytics …,"One Concern Domino is a digital twin simulation platform for adverse weather and climate conditions. Domino estimates and forecasts the potential implications of climate and weather catastrophes across physical structures and infrastructure  such as the power grid  transportation networks and community.""Japan needs resilient water systems; we're excited to provide Veolia climate risk assessment insights to further analyze water and wastewater systems resilience and risk exposure "" said Ahmad Wani  Co-Founder and CEO  One Concern. ""We look forward to delivering the latest in climate and data science to support Japan's local communities.""""Innovative risk modeling will allow Veolia to better protect and maintain water infrastructure and stress test facilities resilience "" said Olivier Tridon  Global Head of Open Innovation for Business  Veolia. ""At Veolia we support innovation and digital transformation of the water sector and our partnership with One Concern is a part of that strategy.""About VeoliaVeolia Group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 220 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2021  the Veolia group provided 79 million inhabitants with drinking water and 61 million with sanitation  produced nearly 48 million megawatt hours and recovered 48 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 28 508 billion euros in 2021. www.veolia.comAbout One Concern:We're a technology company building the digital infrastructure for global risk. We map  analyze and monitor every piece of the world's built environment and its connection to the global economy. Our mission is to make disasters less disastrous. www.oneconcern.com For media inquiries: [email protected]SOURCE One Concern",neutral,0.06,0.9,0.05,mixed,0.32,0.3,0.37,True,English,"['One Concern', 'Climate Resilience', 'Water Sector', 'Veolia', 'Forces', 'Japan', 'Veolia climate risk assessment insights', 'stress test facilities resilience', 'digital twin simulation platform', 'wastewater systems resilience', 'Innovative risk modeling', 'useful, practical solutions', 'three complementary activities', '48 million megawatt hours', 'resilient water systems', 'SOURCE One Concern', 'One Concern Domino', 'risk exposure', 'global risk', 'digital transformation', '79 million inhabitants', '48 million tonnes', 'digital infrastructure', 'climate conditions', 'adverse weather', 'potential implications', 'weather catastrophes', 'physical structures', 'power grid', 'transportation networks', 'Ahmad Wani', 'data science', 'local communities', 'Olivier Tridon', 'Global Head', 'benchmark company', 'ecological transformation', 'five continents', 'radical turnaround', 'current situation', 'Paris Euronext', '28,508 billion euros', 'technology company', 'global economy', 'media inquiries', 'water sector', 'drinking water', 'Veolia Environnement', 'water infrastructure', 'Open Innovation', 'available resources', 'Veolia Group', 'community', 'Japan', 'Co-Founder', 'CEO', 'Business', 'partnership', 'strategy', '220,000 employees', 'management', 'energy', 'access', 'sanitation', 'consolidated', 'revenue', 'piece', 'world', 'environment', 'connection', 'mission', 'disasters', 'oneconcern']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-reports-revenue-growth-for-5m22-at-agm-301577623.html,VEON reports revenue growth for 5M22 at AGM,"AMSTERDAM  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  will disclose key financial highlights for the first five months of 2022 (""5M22"") at the an…","Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: ""Our digital operator strategy is delivering solid results  enabled by growing 4G penetration. VEON Group's topline growth was an encouraging 8.7% YoY in local currency terms  driven by solid performance in our operations  despite the particularly challenging circumstances. Building on an expanding portfolio of services and with a constant focus on customer experience  our operations are growing their subscriber base  improving their user engagement  reducing churn  increasing their ARPU levels and gaining market share. I am proud of the work done by our teams  and would like to thank our Board and shareholders for their support.""* EBITDA normalised in Ukraine and Kazakhstan is related to employee support and the extraordinary charitable donations in 1Q22. Kyrgyzstan relates to a reversal of a tax accrual in 2Q21.The full AGM presentation is available on the VEON Group website at https://www.veon.com/investors/equity-investors/agm/.DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  ""inside information"" as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.VEON's year-to-date results presented in this press release are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS  using internal management accounts  are the responsibility of management and are subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and have not been externally audited  reviewed or verified. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the quarter or any future period.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and internet services.For more information visit: www.veon.comContact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershaw[email protected]+31 20 79 77 200SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,mixed,0.32,0.19,0.49,True,English,"['revenue growth', 'VEON', '5M22', 'AGM', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'digital operator strategy', 'local currency terms', 'extraordinary charitable donations', 'financial closing procedures', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'full AGM presentation', 'internal management accounts', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'VEON Group website', 'market share', 'Group CEO', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'solid results', '4G penetration', 'topline growth', 'encouraging 8.7% YoY', 'solid performance', 'expanding portfolio', 'constant focus', 'customer experience', 'subscriber base', 'user engagement', 'ARPU levels', 'tax accrual', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'management plans', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'looking statement', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'future period', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'global provider', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'challenging circumstances', 'employee support', 'unanticipated events', 'internet services', 'press release', 'date results', 'Contact Information', 'statements', 'growing', 'operations', 'churn', 'work', 'teams', 'Board', 'shareholders', 'EBITDA', 'Ukraine', 'Kazakhstan', '1Q22', 'Kyrgyzstan', 'reversal', '2Q21', 'investors/equity-investors', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'forward', 'occurrence', 'elements', 'IFRS', 'responsibility', 'variations', 'quarter', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', '31']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/eurofins-discoverx-celebrates-shanghai-office-opening-301576503.html,Eurofins DiscoverX Celebrates Shanghai Office Opening,SHANGHAI  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Eurofins DiscoverX (Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC)  a global industry leader of products for small and large molecule drug discovery and QC lot release  today announced the official opening of its new China biotechnol…,The launch of Eurofins DiscoverX (Shanghai) Ltd. broadens its Asia-Pacific operations directly into the China market. This expansion establishes an operational base positioned to effectively serve China's growing biopharmaceutical sector with high-quality innovative products that accelerate drug discovery programs  contributing to improving global healthcare.With this fully operational Shanghai office  Eurofins DiscoverX can more readily provide its product menu cell lines  assay reagents  enzymes and bioassay kits to the China market. The new Shanghai operation provides an efficient supply chain  local technical support  and the convenience for clients to pay in the Chinese Yuan (RMB) currency.This operational expansion demonstrates the Eurofins DiscoverX commitment to providing end-to-end support every step of the way for global customers with a comprehensive menu of innovative and qualified products for drug discovery screening and QC lot release.Contact Eurofins DiscoverX (Shanghai) Ltd.email: [email protected]Phone: +86.21.3620.2818Address: Building 18  No. 2168 Chenhang Highway. Minhang District  Shanghai 201114About Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLCFor drug discovery and development scientists  Eurofins DiscoverX is the trusted product solutions provider that can accelerate drug discovery programs with confidence with qualified reagents  cell lines  and assays ready to run today. Eurofins DiscoverX develops and manufactures cutting-edge assays  stable cell lines  membrane preps  enzymes  and reagents for drug discovery and development from our three R&D manufacturing Centers of Excellence – USA (San Francisco Bay Area  California  and St. Louis  Missouri) and the EU (Poitiers  France).Rediscover how Eurofins DiscoverX's expertise and trusted products accelerate drug discovery programs and enable clients through testing phases with confidence. With end-to-end support every step of the way for your programs from Discovery to Q.C. lot release. Eurofins DiscoverX is part of Eurofins Discovery  the industry's leading drug discovery products and services provider. For more information  visit www.discoverx.com.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With 58 000 staff across a network of 900 laboratories in 54 countries  Eurofins' companies offer a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.SOURCE Eurofins DiscoverX,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Shanghai Office Opening', 'Eurofins DiscoverX', 'three R&D manufacturing Centers', 'Chinese Yuan (RMB) currency', 'San Francisco Bay Area', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Q.C. lot release', 'trusted product solutions provider', 'product menu cell lines', 'leading drug discovery products', 'Eurofins DiscoverX Products LLC', 'QC lot release', 'growing biopharmaceutical sector', 'efficient supply chain', 'stable cell lines', 'drug discovery screening', 'local technical support', 'high-quality innovative products', 'drug discovery programs', 'new Shanghai operation', 'Eurofins DiscoverX commitment', 'Contact Eurofins DiscoverX', 'SOURCE Eurofins DiscoverX', 'operational Shanghai office', 'trusted products', 'comprehensive menu', 'qualified products', 'services provider', 'Eurofins Discovery', 'operational base', ""Eurofins' companies"", 'Eurofins Shares', 'Asia-Pacific operations', 'global healthcare', 'bioassay kits', 'global customers', '2168 Chenhang Highway', 'Minhang District', 'membrane preps', 'St. Louis', 'testing phases', 'global leader', '200,000 analytical methods', 'operational expansion', 'end support', 'China market', 'assay reagents', 'qualified reagents', 'development scientists', 'launch', 'Ltd', 'enzymes', 'convenience', 'clients', 'step', 'email', 'Phone', 'Address', 'Building', 'No.', 'confidence', 'assays', 'Excellence', 'USA', 'California', 'Missouri', 'Poitiers', 'France', 'expertise', 'part', 'industry', 'information', 'bio-analysis', 'Life', '58,000 staff', 'network', '900 laboratories', '54 countries', 'portfolio']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.uppermichiganssource.com/prnewswire/2022/06/29/veon-reports-revenue-growth-5m22-agm/,VEON reports revenue growth for 5M22 at AGM,,"AMSTERDAM  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  will disclose key financial highlights for the first five months of 2022 (""5M22"") at the annual general meeting of shareholders (the ""AGM"") being held today.VEON Group 5M22 consolidated revenue  is in positive territory  up by 1.3% in reported currency  and by 8.7% YoY in local currency terms  with six of the eight countries reporting double-digit local currency revenue growth for the period.Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: ""Our digital operator strategy is delivering solid results  enabled by growing 4G penetration. VEON Group's topline growth was an encouraging 8.7% YoY in local currency terms  driven by solid performance in our operations  despite the particularly challenging circumstances. Building on an expanding portfolio of services and with a constant focus on customer experience  our operations are growing their subscriber base  improving their user engagement  reducing churn  increasing their ARPU levels and gaining market share. I am proud of the work done by our teams  and would like to thank our Board and shareholders for their support.""*The table details the 5M22 revenue and EBITDA trends on a country-by-country basis. (PRNewswire)* EBITDA normalised in Ukraine and Kazakhstan is related to employee support and the extraordinary charitable donations in 1Q22. Kyrgyzstan relates to a reversal of a tax accrual in 2Q21.The full AGM presentation is available on the VEON Group website at https://www.veon.com/investors/equity-investors/agm/.DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  ""inside information"" as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.VEON's year-to-date results presented in this press release are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS  using internal management accounts  are the responsibility of management and are subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and have not been externally audited  reviewed or verified. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the quarter or any future period.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and internet services.For more information visit: www.veon.comContact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com+31 20 79 77 200View original content to download multimedia:SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,mixed,0.32,0.19,0.49,True,English,"['revenue growth', 'VEON', '5M22', 'AGM', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'double-digit local currency revenue growth', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Group 5M22 consolidated revenue', 'local currency terms', 'key financial highlights', 'first five months', 'annual general meeting', 'digital operator strategy', 'extraordinary charitable donations', 'financial closing procedures', 'global digital operator', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'internal management accounts', 'full AGM presentation', 'VEON Group website', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', '5M22 revenue', 'topline growth', 'Group CEO', 'market share', 'global provider', 'VEON Ltd.', 'positive territory', 'eight countries', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'solid results', '4G penetration', 'solid performance', 'expanding portfolio', 'constant focus', 'customer experience', 'subscriber base', 'user engagement', 'ARPU levels', 'country basis', 'tax accrual', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'management plans', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'looking statement', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'original content', 'mobile connectivity', 'encouraging 8.7% YoY', 'challenging circumstances', 'EBITDA trends', 'employee support', 'unanticipated events', 'future period', 'press release', 'date results', 'internet services', 'Contact Information', 'statements', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'shareholders', 'growing', 'operations', 'churn', 'work', 'teams', 'Board', 'Ukraine', 'Kazakhstan', '1Q22', 'Kyrgyzstan', 'reversal', '2Q21', 'investors/equity-investors', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'forward', 'occurrence', 'elements', 'IFRS', 'responsibility', 'variations', 'quarter', 'multimedia', '31']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,uppermichiganssource.com
7183,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/baltic-horizon-fund-signed-framework-161500555.html,Baltic Horizon Fund has signed a framework agreement with Nordic Issuing AB,Northern Horizon Capital AS and Nordic Issuing AB  a Swedish licenced investment firm entered into a framework agreement to explore the possibilities of issuing Swedish Depositary Receipts („SDR“) representing Baltic Horizon Fund units on the Swedish market.,Baltic Horizon Fund / Northern Horizon CapitalNorthern Horizon Capital AS and Nordic Issuing AB  a Swedish licenced investment firm entered into a framework agreement to explore the possibilities of issuing Swedish Depositary Receipts („SDR“) representing Baltic Horizon Fund units on the Swedish market.According to the framework agreement  after legal and technical due diligence of the intended structure  Nordic Issuing AB would act as the issuing agent of the SDR-s and safekeep Baltic Horizon Fund units to be represented by the SDR-s.The cooperation and intended issuance of SDR-s is planned in response to Euroclear Sweden AB-s decision to terminate the affiliation agreement for keeping Baltic Horizon Fund units registered with its book entry system in Sweden  taking place due to a strategic decision by Nordea Bank Abp to exit its Nordic sub-custody business. Baltic Horizon Fund informed the investors of the termination on 29 September 2021. Northern Horizon Capital AS and Nordic Issuing AB are determined to work towards having the alternative solution in place for the Swedish investors before the termination of Euroclear agreement.For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comBaltic Horizon Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund that is managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS.Distribution: GlobeNewswire  Nasdaq Tallinn  Nasdaq Stockholm  www.baltichorizon.com,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund', 'Nordic Issuing AB', 'framework agreement', 'contractual public closed-end real estate fund', 'Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder', 'Tarmo Karotam Baltic Horizon Fund manager', 'Baltic Horizon Fund units', 'Swedish licenced investment firm', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'technical due diligence', 'book entry system', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Nordic sub-custody business', 'Nordic Issuing AB', 'Swedish Depositary Receipts', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'alternative solution', 'mail tarmo', 'Swedish market', 'issuing agent', 'Euroclear agreement', 'Swedish investors', 'framework agreement', 'intended issuance', 'affiliation agreement', 'additional information', 'Nasdaq Tallinn', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'strategic decision', 'possibilities', 'SDR', 'legal', 'structure', 'safekeep', 'cooperation', 'response', 'place', 'termination', '29 September', 'nh', 'baltichorizon', 'registered', 'Distribution', 'GlobeNewswire']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,ca.sports.yahoo.com
7184,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Designed to empower #InvestorRelations  Euroclear #InvestorInsight is an #innovative solution that automates and si… https://t.co/6bN0r3wSnk,nan,Designed to empower #InvestorRelations  Euroclear #InvestorInsight is an #innovative solution that automates and si… https://t.co/6bN0r3wSnk,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['innovative solution', 'Euroclear', 'bN0r3wSnk', 'innovative solution', 'Euroclear', 'bN0r3wSnk']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7185,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Bro gold is such as scam. Inflation up  payment rails (SWIFT  Euroclear  etc) used politically  every other fucking… https://t.co/qpk8NMvp1Z,nan,Bro gold is such as scam. Inflation up  payment rails (SWIFT  Euroclear  etc) used politically  every other fucking… https://t.co/qpk8NMvp1Z,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['Bro gold', 'payment rails', 'scam', 'Inflation', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear', 'qpk8NMvp1Z', 'Bro gold', 'payment rails', 'scam', 'Inflation', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear', 'qpk8NMvp1Z']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7186,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse and Commerzbank invest in 360X to develop future digital asset marketplaceThe new partnership will… https://t.co/SW1AgNH56I,nan,Deutsche Börse and Commerzbank invest in 360X to develop future digital asset marketplaceThe new partnership will… https://t.co/SW1AgNH56I,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['future digital asset marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'new partnership', 'Commerzbank', '360X', 'SW1AgNH56I', 'future digital asset marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'new partnership', 'Commerzbank', '360X', 'SW1AgNH56I']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7187,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #Deutsche Boerse AG ... ODDO BHF SECURITIES MORNING NEWS – DETAILED COMMENTS 06/30/2022: As an importer of Rus… https://t.co/fpGHgt4GUz,nan,$DB1 #Deutsche Boerse AG ... ODDO BHF SECURITIES MORNING NEWS – DETAILED COMMENTS 06/30/2022: As an importer of Rus… https://t.co/fpGHgt4GUz,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['ODDO BHF SECURITIES MORNING NEWS', 'DETAILED COMMENTS', 'importer', 'Rus', 'fpGHgt4GUz', 'ODDO BHF SECURITIES MORNING NEWS', 'DETAILED COMMENTS', 'importer', 'Rus', 'fpGHgt4GUz']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7188,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #Deutsche Boerse AG Deutsche Borse : Revenue momentum might accelerate:  is greater than Investor day points to accelerating r… https://t.co/KreRLtWINa,nan,$DB1 #Deutsche Boerse AG Deutsche Borse : Revenue momentum might accelerate:  is greater than Investor day points to accelerating r… https://t.co/KreRLtWINa,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Revenue momentum', 'Investor day', 'KreRLtWINa', 'Revenue momentum', 'Investor day', 'KreRLtWINa']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7189,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,I found you a Death Cross on the daily chart of Deutsche Boerse AG ADR. $DBOEY #DBOEY #deathcross #bearish… https://t.co/pYeZNn51qZ,nan,I found you a Death Cross on the daily chart of Deutsche Boerse AG ADR. $DBOEY #DBOEY #deathcross #bearish… https://t.co/pYeZNn51qZ,negative,0.03,0.18,0.79,negative,0.03,0.18,0.79,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG ADR', 'Death Cross', 'daily chart', 'DBOEY', 'deathcross', 'bearish', 'pYeZNn51qZ', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR', 'Death Cross', 'daily chart', 'DBOEY', 'deathcross', 'bearish', 'pYeZNn51qZ']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,Unknown
7190,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/jacobi-asset-management-launch-europes-first-bitcoin-etf-euronext-2022-06-30/,Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe's first bitcoin ETF on Euronext - Reuters,Investment company Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe's first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange  in a further sign of the cryptocurrency's appeal despite its volatile price swings.,"A bitcoin representation is seen in an illustration picture taken at La Maison du Bitcoin in Paris  France  June 23  2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File PhotoBRUSSELS  June 30 (Reuters) - Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe's first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange  in a sign of the cryptocurrency's appeal despite its volatile price swings.The company said its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF would start trading in July on Euronext Amsterdam under the symbol of 'BCOIN'.""The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure "" said Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid  a former Goldman Sachs banker.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterEarlier this month  Bitcoin fell to as low as $17 592.78  dropping below $20 000 for the first time since December 2020.Bitcoin  the largest digital currency  is down about 70% from its high of around $69 000 in November.Other cryptocurrencies have also plunged in recent months as investors dump assets deemed as relatively high-risk in favour of safe-haven assets such as gold in response to rising inflation and tighter monetary policies by major central banks.Earlier this month  ProShares announced plans to launch an ETF aimed at 'shorting' bitcoin - namely betting on a future fall in its value  while the U.S. securities regulator rejected a proposal to list a spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) by Grayscale  one of the world's biggest digital asset managers  on the NYSE Arca exchange. read moreRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; editing by Jacqueline Wong and Jason NeelyOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'first bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'former Goldman Sachs banker', 'U.S. securities regulator', 'Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'biggest digital asset managers', 'La Maison du Bitcoin', 'spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'largest digital currency', 'exciting asset class', 'volatile price swings', 'FREE unlimited access', 'tighter monetary policies', 'major central banks', 'Reuters.com Register', 'NYSE Arca exchange', 'first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund', 'bitcoin representation', 'Euronext exchange', 'first time', 'illustration picture', 'Benoit Tessier', 'File Photo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying performance', 'investment structure', 'Other cryptocurrencies', 'recent months', 'rising inflation', 'future fall', 'Sudip Kar-Gupta', 'Jacqueline Wong', 'Jason Neely', 'safe-haven assets', 'Paris', 'France', 'BRUSSELS', 'June', 'Thursday', 'Europe', 'sign', 'cryptocurrency', 'appeal', 'company', 'July', 'symbol', 'BCOIN', 'investors', 'December', 'high', 'November', 'favour', 'response', 'ProShares', 'plans', 'value', 'proposal', 'Grayscale', 'world', 'Reporting', 'editing', 'Standards']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,reuters.com
7191,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cointelegraph.com/news/new-spot-bitcoin-etf-launched-at-euronext-amsterdam-exchange,New spot Bitcoin ETF launched at Euronext Amsterdam Exchange,Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange  a part of the pan-European marketplace Euronext  will start trading the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF in July.,"Major Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam  a part of the pan-European marketplace Euronext  is debuting its first Bitcoin (BTC) exchange-traded fund (ETF).Jacobi Asset Management  a London-based digital asset management platform  is preparing to launch its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam next month  the firm announced on Thursday. The spot Bitcoin ETF will start trading on the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange under the ticker BCOIN.The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF is positioned as the first spot Bitcoin ETF launched in Europe  Jacobi founder and CEO Jamie Khurshid told Cointelegraph.""Our product is the first spot or physical-backed Bitcoin fund  and the fund is not allowed to lend  stake or leverage any of the assets it owns. For the first time in Europe  investors buying an exchange-traded Bitcoin product will own the units that own the Bitcoin "" Khurshid said. ""There are other exchange-traded products in Europe but no other spot BTC ETF "" he added.A spokesperson for Euronext confirmed that BCOIN will be the first spot Bitcoin ETF ever listed on Euronext. ""This will be the first Bitcoin ETF on Euronext  or the first fund directly investing in Bitcoin. All other currently existing products on our segment are exchange-traded notes  or legally structured as debt instruments "" he said in a statement. While the ETF will arrive in July  Euronext did not provide a specific date for the launch.As previously reported  Jacobi received approval from the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to launch the Bitcoin ETF in October 2021.Custodial services for the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be provided by Fidelity’s crypto arm Fidelity Digital Assets while Flow Traders and DRW would serve as market makers to facilitate trading. Institutional and professional investors in Europe will be able to have access to the ETF for a 1.5% annual management fee  the announcement notes.A former investment banker at Goldman Sachs  Khurshid believes that the new Bitcoin ETF launch will help bring more stability to the crypto market amid a massive sell-off. He said:“We believe this will now remove the barrier to entry for those investment firms that have mandates to invest in regulated products only and will therefore increase adoption of digital assets bringing more stability and less influence from the whales  which is nothing short of a necessity for the crypto industry.”Jacobi’s Bitcoin ETF launch in the Netherlands is a significant milestone in the global spot crypto ETF market as Amsterdam is associated with Europe’s top sharing trading venue  reportedly outstripping London in 2021.As previously reported  Canada was one of the first countries in the world to debut a spot Bitcoin ETF with the launch of the Purpose Bitcoin ETF in February 2021. Australia debuted its first crypto ETFs in mid-May 2022.Related: Why the world needs a spot Bitcoin ETF in the US: 21Shares CEO explainsWhile the global adoption of spot crypto ETFs has been growing in recent years  the United States is yet to approve a physical-backed Bitcoin ETF. On June 29  crypto investment giant Grayscale launched a legal challenge against the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission after being denied its application to convert its Grayscale Bitcoin Trust into a spot-based Bitcoin ETF.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['New spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam Exchange', 'Major Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam', 'London-based digital asset management platform', 'first Bitcoin (BTC) exchange-traded fund', 'global spot crypto ETF market', 'top sharing trading venue', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'other spot BTC ETF', 'first spot Bitcoin ETF', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'new Bitcoin ETF launch', 'Jacobi Asset Management', '1.5% annual management fee', 'spot crypto ETFs', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'Purpose Bitcoin ETF', 'physical-backed Bitcoin ETF', 'spot-based Bitcoin ETF', 'U.S. Securities', 'Euronext Amsterdam Exchange', 'first crypto ETFs', 'physical-backed Bitcoin fund', 'exchange-traded Bitcoin product', 'former investment banker', 'crypto investment giant', 'other exchange-traded products', 'pan-European marketplace Euronext', 'Grayscale Bitcoin Trust', 'Fidelity Digital Assets', 'CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'Exchange Commission', 'crypto market', 'first fund', 'first time', 'Custodial services', 'market makers', 'first countries', 'global adoption', 'crypto arm', 'crypto industry', 'investment firms', '21Shares CEO', 'Jacobi founder', 'debt instruments', 'specific date', 'Flow Traders', 'Goldman Sachs', 'massive sell-off', 'regulated products', 'less influence', 'significant milestone', 'recent years', 'United States', 'legal challenge', 'professional investors', 'part', 'Thursday', 'ticker', 'BCOIN', 'Cointelegraph', 'units', 'spokesperson', 'segment', 'notes', 'statement', 'July', 'approval', 'October', 'DRW', 'Institutional', 'access', 'announcement', 'stability', 'barrier', 'entry', 'mandates', 'whales', 'necessity', 'Netherlands', 'Canada', 'world', 'February', 'Australia', 'mid-May', 'June', 'application']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,cointelegraph.com
7192,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bone-therapeutics-sa-information-total-050000894.html,Bone Therapeutics SA: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,REGULATED INFORMATION Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  30 June 2022  7am CEST – BONE THERAPEUTICS (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BOTHE)  the cell therapy company ...,Bone Therapeutics SAREGULATED INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  30 June 2022  7am CEST – BONE THERAPEUTICS (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BOTHE)  the cell therapy company addressing unmet medical needs in orthopedics and other diseases  today announces an increase in the total number of voting rights and shares as a result of the issuance of new shares following the conversion of convertible bonds (CBs) issued on 9 June 2022. The following information is published in accordance with Article 15 of the Belgian Law of 2 May 2007 on the publication of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on regulated market.Total amount of share capital on 7 December 2021 EUR 4 923 999 Total number of shares with voting rights on 7 December 2021 21 310 520 Total number of new shares issued on 22 June 2022 185 185Total amount of share capital on 22 June 2022 EUR 4 966 591 Total number of shares with voting rights on 22 June 2022 21 495 705 Total number of voting rights (denominator) on 22 June 2022 21 495 705 Total number of attributed warrants 1 197 554 Total number of convertible bonds outstanding 809 Total number of remaining CB commitments 90 Total number of shares with voting rights that can be issued following the exercise of the attributed warrants and CB commitments  and the conversion of the convertible bonds 20 918 278 (1)(1)1 197 554 shares could be issued in case all 1 197 554 attributed warrants were exercised.285 714 shares could be issued in case all 800 convertible bonds outstanding  issued in the private placement on 6 May 2020  were converted into shares based on the predetermined conversion price of EUR 7.00.19 435 010 shares could be issued in case all 90 CB commitments subscribed and all 9 convertible bonds outstanding of the ABO CB program signed on 30 May 2022 were exercised and converted into shares based on the conversion price of EUR 0.2547 (95% of the Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price of Bone Therapeutics’ shares on 28 June 2022).Story continuesAbout Bone TherapeuticsBone Therapeutics is a leading biotech company focused on the development of innovative products to address high unmet needs in orthopedics and other diseases. Currently Bone Therapeutics is concentrating specifically on the development of its most advanced clinical asset  the allogeneic cell therapy platform  ALLOB.Bone Therapeutics’ core technology is based on its cutting-edge allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) which can be stored at the point of use in the hospital. Its leading investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to bone regeneration  which turns undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells. These cells are produced via the Bone Therapeutics’ scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  the Company has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB continues to be evaluated for other orthopedic indications including spinal fusion  osteotomy  maxillofacial and dental.Bone Therapeutics’ cell therapy products are manufactured to the highest GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) standards and are protected by a broad IP (Intellectual Property) portfolio covering ten patent families as well as knowhow. The Company is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at www.bonetherapeutics.com.For further information  please contact:Bone Therapeutics SAMiguel Forte  MD  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +32 (0)71 12 10 00investorrelations@bonetherapeutics.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beInternational Media Enquiries:Image Box CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media and Investor Enquiries:NewCap Investor Relations & Financial CommunicationsPierre Laurent  Louis-Victor Delouvrier and Arthur RouilléTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94bone@newcap.euCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.31,0.52,True,English,"['Bone Therapeutics SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'highest GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices', 'broad IP (Intellectual Property) portfolio', 'Bone Therapeutics’ scalable manufacturing process', 'Bone Therapeutics’ cell therapy products', 'leading investigational medicinal product', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'differentiated bone marrow sourced', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'Bone Therapeutics’ core technology', 'cutting-edge allogeneic cell', 'gene therapy platform', 'optimized production process', 'advanced clinical asset', 'cell therapy company', 'Bone Therapeutics SA', 'unmet medical needs', 'high unmet needs', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'ten patent families', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ABO CB program', 'Image Box Communications', 'other orthopedic indications', 'leading biotech company', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'remaining CB commitments', 'International Media Enquiries', 'Bone Therapeutics’ shares', 'NewCap Investor Relations', 'innovative products', 'bone regeneration', '90 CB commitments', 'Investor Enquiries', 'Financial Communications', 'other diseases', 'Belgian Media', 'French Media', 'bone-forming cells', 'Euronext Brussels', 'voting rights', 'convertible bonds', 'Belgian Law', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'Total amount', 'share capital', 'private placement', 'healthy donors', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'spinal fusion', 'Miguel Forte', 'Pierre Laurent', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'Further information', 'forward-looking statements', 'total number', 'conversion price', 'Michelle Boxall', 'future events', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'new shares', 'Bert Bouserie', 'Neil Hunter', '1,197,554 attributed warrants', '1,197,554 shares', '285,714 shares', '19,435,010 shares', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', '7am', 'Paris', 'BOTHE', 'orthopedics', 'increase', 'issuance', 'CBs', '9 June', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'publication', 'issuers', '7 December', '22 June', 'denominator', 'exercise', 'case', '6 May', '30 May', 'Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price', '28 June', 'Story', 'development', 'ALLOB', 'MSCs', 'point', 'hospital', 'Europe', 'patients', 'osteotomy', 'maxillofacial', 'dental', 'standards', 'knowhow', 'bonetherapeutics', 'MD', 'PhD', 'investorrelations', 'Bepublic', 'ibcomms', 'agency', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', '32', '488', '44', '33']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7193,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jacobi-asset-management-launch-europes-055253264.html,Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe's first bitcoin ETF on Euronext,BRUSSELS (Reuters) -Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe's first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange ...,"FILE PHOTO: bitcoin representation is seen in an illustration picture taken at La Maison du Bitcoin in ParisBy Sudip Kar-GuptaBRUSSELS (Reuters) -Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe's first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange  in a sign of the cryptocurrency's appeal despite its volatile price swings.The company said its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF would start trading in July on Euronext Amsterdam under the symbol of 'BCOIN'.""The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure "" said Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid  a former Goldman Sachs banker.Earlier this month  Bitcoin fell to as low as $17 592.78  dropping below $20 000 for the first time since December 2020.Bitcoin  the largest digital currency  is down about 70% from its high of around $69 000 in November.Other cryptocurrencies have also plunged in recent months as investors dump assets deemed as relatively high-risk in favour of safe-haven assets such as gold in response to rising inflation and tighter monetary policies by major central banks.Earlier this month  ProShares announced plans to launch an ETF aimed at 'shorting' bitcoin - namely betting on a future fall in its value  while the U.S. securities regulator rejected a proposal to list a spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) by Grayscale  one of the world's biggest digital asset managers  on the NYSE Arca exchange.(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; editing by Jacqueline Wong and Jason Neely)",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'first bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'former Goldman Sachs banker', 'U.S. securities regulator', 'Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'biggest digital asset managers', 'La Maison du Bitcoin', 'spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'largest digital currency', 'exciting asset class', 'volatile price swings', 'tighter monetary policies', 'major central banks', 'NYSE Arca exchange', 'first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund', 'bitcoin representation', 'Euronext exchange', 'first time', 'FILE PHOTO', 'illustration picture', 'Sudip Kar-Gupta', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying performance', 'investment structure', 'Other cryptocurrencies', 'recent months', 'rising inflation', 'future fall', 'Jacqueline Wong', 'Jason Neely', 'safe-haven assets', 'Paris', 'BRUSSELS', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'Europe', 'sign', 'cryptocurrency', 'appeal', 'company', 'trading', 'July', 'symbol', 'BCOIN', 'investors', 'December', 'high', 'November', 'favour', 'response', 'ProShares', 'plans', 'value', 'proposal', 'Grayscale', 'world', 'editing']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7194,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cellectis-publishes-article-nature-communications-091900482.html,Cellectis Publishes Article in Nature Communications Unveiling Novel Immune-Evasive Universal Allogeneic CAR T-cells with Potential for Improved Persistence,NEW YORK  June 30  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using...,Cellectis Inc.NEW YORK  June 30  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today publishes research data on its novel immune-evasive universal CAR T-cells in Nature Communications  following an oral presentation at the American Society of Cell and Gene Therapy (ASGCT) on May 16.Cellectis’ next generation of universal CAR T-cells have the potential to improve the persistence and to allow large-scale deployment of T-cell product candidates in allogeneic settings against multiple malignancies.Universal CAR T-cell therapies are poised to revolutionize the treatment of selected hematologic malignancies. However  realizing the full potential of CAR T in an allogeneic setting requires universal CAR T-cells that can kill target tumor cells  avoid depletion by the host immune system via the host versus graft reaction (HvG)  and proliferate without attacking host tissues via the graft versus host reaction (GvH).While the prevention of GvH can be readily addressed by the inactivation of T cell receptor T αβ (TCRαβ) expression in a CAR T-cell  prevention of HvG remains a major challenge.To address this challenge  the Cellectis investigators engineered CAR T-cells to be deficient in Class 1 major histocompatibility complex (MHC-1) and to express the Natural Killer (NK) inhibitor HLA-E  in order to endow them with immune-evasive properties toward alloreactive Tc ells and NK cells.“This engineering approach is very promising and could enable the universal CAR T-cells to become transiently invisible to NK and alloreactive T-cells  allowing them to eradicate tumor cells before being rejected by the patient’s immune system. This could enable the broad use of universal CAR T-cells in allogeneic settings  for the benefit of a wider population of patients ” said Julien Valton  Ph.D.  Vice President Gene Therapy at Cellectis.Story continues“One potential advantage of this approach is to spare endogenous immune effectors and allow them to work in concert with CAR T-cells in the fight against hard-to-treat cancers  including solid tumors ” said Laurent Poirot  Ph.D. Senior Vice President Immuno-Oncology at Cellectis.The research data show that:Endowing universal CAR T-cells with immune-evasive properties via TALEN®-mediated gene editing and adeno-associated virus (AAV)-dependent gene insertion  is highly efficient and specific  transferable to different CAR constructs and adaptable to conventional CAR T-cell manufacturing processes.Immune-evasive universal CAR T-cells overcame alloresponsive T-cell and NK cells attacks and exhibit prolonged antitumor activity  even in the presence of highly active NK cells.Immune-evasive properties against NK cells from most healthy donors and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients were similar  demonstrating the robustness and transportability of this hypoimmunogenic approach to persistence and warranting further evaluation in preclinical and clinical settings.This article is available on Nature Communications’ website by clicking on this link: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-022-30896-2About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. As part of its commitment to a cure  Cellectis remains dedicated to its goal of providing lifesaving UCART product candidates for multiple cancers including acute myeloid leukemia (AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and multiple myeloma (MM). HEAL is a new platform focusing on hemopoietic stem cells to treat blood disorders  immunodeficiencies and lysosomal storage diseases.Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina.Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).For more information  visit www.cellectis.comFollow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTubeFor further information  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33776991433  media@cellectis.comMargaret Gandolfo  Senior Manager  Communications  +1 (646) 628 0300Investor Relation contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 (617) 430 7577Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “would” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about the potential of our research or preclinical programs. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2021 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.23,0.5,True,English,"['Nature Communications Unveiling Novel Immune-Evasive Universal Allogeneic CAR T-cells', 'Cellectis', 'Article', 'Potential', 'Improved', 'Persistence', 'conventional CAR T-cell manufacturing processes', 'Ph.D. Senior Vice President', 'novel immune-evasive universal CAR T-cells', 'Class 1 major histocompatibility complex', 'Vice President Gene Therapy', 'AAV)-dependent gene insertion', 'lifesaving UCART product candidates', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'T cell receptor T αβ', 'Universal CAR T-cell therapies', 'TALEN®-mediated gene editing', 'T-cell product candidates', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'life-changing product candidates', 'different CAR constructs', 'prolonged antitumor activity', 'most healthy donors', 'unmet medical needs', 'Investor Relation contact', 'Chief Business Officer', 'gene editing technology', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'alloreactive Tc ells', 'endogenous immune effectors', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'target tumor cells', 'One potential advantage', 'lysosomal storage diseases', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'NK cells attacks', 'active NK cells', 'host immune system', 'Nature Communications’ website', 'Senior Manager', 'gene therapies', 'alloreactive T-cells', 'alloresponsive T-cell', 'immune-evasive properties', 'therapeutic gene', 'major challenge', 'life-saving cell', 'new platform', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'research data', 'oral presentation', 'American Society', 'next generation', 'large-scale deployment', 'allogeneic settings', 'multiple malignancies', 'hematologic malignancies', 'full potential', 'host tissues', 'host reaction', 'TCRαβ) expression', 'Natural Killer', 'broad use', 'wider population', 'Julien Valton', 'solid tumors', 'Laurent Poirot', 'adeno-associated virus', 'clinical settings', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'various diseases', 'multiple myeloma', 'blood disorders', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'Media contacts', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Margaret Gandolfo', 'Arthur Stril', 'engineering approach', 'hypoimmunogenic approach', 'allogeneic approach', 'cancer patients', 'graft reaction', 'multiple cancers', 'Cellectis Inc.', 'Cellectis investigators', 'AML) patients', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'ASGCT', 'May', 'persistence', 'treatment', 'depletion', 'HvG', 'GvH', 'prevention', 'inactivation', 'MHC', 'HLA-E', 'benefit', 'Story', 'concert', 'fight', 'Immuno-Oncology', 'Endowing', 'presence', 'robustness', 'transportability', 'evaluation', 'preclinical', 'article', 'link', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '22 years', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'part', 'commitment', 'cure', 'goal', 'immunodeficiencies', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'information', 'YouTube', 'Director', 'investors']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7195,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-combined-general-shareholders-meeting-160000262.html,Technicolor: Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting held on Thursday June 30  2022,Press Release Combined General Shareholders’ Meetingheld on Thursday June 30  2022 Paris (France)  June 30  2022 – Technicolor (Euronext Paris: TCH  OTCQX...,TECHNICOLORPress ReleaseCombined General Shareholders’ Meetingheld on Thursday June 30  2022Paris (France)  June 30  2022 – Technicolor (Euronext Paris: TCH  OTCQX: TCLRY hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) announces that the Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting of Technicolor SA  chaired by Ms. Anne Bouverot  Chairperson of the Board of Directors  was held today at Espace Saint-Martin  75003 Paris.All the resolutions proposed were approved by a large majority. In particular  the Shareholders’ Meeting:approved the statutory and the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2021 as well as the proposed allocation of the net result;approved the related-party agreements mentioned in the Statutory Auditors’ special report;decided on the renewal of the term of office of Mazars as statutory auditor;renewed the terms of office of Ms. Anne Bouverot  Mr. Xavier Cauchois  Mr. Dominique d’Hinnin  Ms. Christine Laurens and ratified the cooptation of Ms. Katherine Hays as Directors;approved the compensation policy of the directors  of the Chairperson of the Board of Directors  and of the Chief Executive Officer as well as the components of their compensation for the year 2021 authorized the potential carrying out of a new share buyback program decided on the continuation of the Company's activity pursuant to Article L.225-248 of the French Commercial Code;authorized a number of delegations of authority allowing the Board of Directors to increase the share capital with or without preferential subscription rights subject to certain ceilings.Following this meeting  the Board of Directors met and reappointed Ms. Anne Bouverot as Chairperson of the Board.The detailed quorum and voting results are available on Technicolor’s website.The entire broadcast of the Shareholders’ Meeting is available on www.technicolor.com/investor-center/shareholders-meeting.* *Story continues*About Technicolorwww.technicolor.comTechnicolor shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCH) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTCQX market (TCLRY).Investor RelationsAlexandra Fichelsonalexandra.fichelson@technicolor.comMediaCatherine Kuttnercatherine.kuttner@technicolor.comNathalie Feldnfeld@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Thursday June', 'Technicolor', 'Mr. Dominique d’Hinnin', 'new share buyback program', 'Statutory Auditors’ special report', 'Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Mr. Xavier Cauchois', 'Ms. Anne Bouverot', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Ms. Christine Laurens', 'Ms. Katherine Hays', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'French Commercial Code', 'preferential subscription rights', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Nathalie Feld nfeld', 'Alexandra Fichelson alexandra', 'share capital', 'Press Release', 'Espace Saint-Martin', 'large majority', 'net result', 'related-party agreements', 'potential carrying', 'Article L.', 'detailed quorum', 'voting results', 'entire broadcast', 'regulated market', 'United States', 'Investor Relations', 'Thursday June', 'Euronext Paris', 'fiscal year', 'compensation policy', 'OTCQX market', 'Technicolor SA', 'Technicolor shares', 'Catherine Kuttner', '75003 Paris', 'France', 'TCH', 'TCLRY', 'Company', 'Chairperson', 'Board', 'Directors', 'resolutions', 'allocation', 'renewal', 'term', 'Mazars', 'cooptation', 'components', 'continuation', 'activity', 'number', 'delegations', 'authority', 'ceilings', 'website', 'www', 'investor-center', 'Story', 'form', 'ADR', 'Media', 'image', 'Attachment']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7196,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/iba-signs-contract-istituto-clinico-050000305.html,IBA signs contract with Istituto Clinico Humanitas for a Proteus®ONE proton therapy solution in Italy,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 30  2022 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s...,IBA SALouvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 30  2022 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has signed a contract with Istituto Clinico Humanitas (Humanitas Research Hospital) for the installation of a Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution in Rozzano (Milan)  Italy. IBA will start to recognize the revenue of this contract in 2022.The proton therapy solution will be installed at the Humanitas Cancer Center and includes a Proteus®ONE solution as well as a fully integrated quality assurance (QA) hardware and software package from IBA Dosimetry. The contract includes long-term operation and maintenance services to be provided by IBA. Istituto Clinico Humanitas expects to start treating patients by 2025.The typical end-user price for a Proteus®ONE system with a 10-year maintenance contract ranges between EUR 35-45 million.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: “This deal with Humanitas reinforces our position as a global market leader in proton therapy and further highlights the increase in activity that we are seeing in Europe and at the global scale. It is the third Proteus®ONE deal secured in Italy and the fourth IBA proton therapy system sold in the country overall. Humanitas is renowned for its innovative cancer treatments  and we look forward to supporting the center in our joint mission of providing cancer patients with access to the most advanced treatment options.”Luciano Ravera  Chief Executive Officer of Istituto Clinico Humanitas  added: “We are glad to partner with IBA to make increasingly advanced treatments available to our patients. The proton center will further enhance the services of the Humanitas Cancer Center  and in particular its radiotherapy team  which already takes care of thousands of patients from all over Italy and beyond. Proton therapy is an advanced and innovative form of radiotherapy and nowadays represents a new treatment choice for many types of cancer. Research collaborations will also benefit from this new service  enabling us to contribute to the development of international studies with the community of other proton therapy users.”Story continues***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 500 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout HumanitasHumanitas is a highly specialised hospital  research and teaching center  which hosts Humanitas University  an academic institute dedicated to medical sciences. Built around centers for the prevention and treatment of cancer  cardiovascular  neurological  autoimmune  inflammatory  and orthopedic diseases  Istituto Clinico Humanitas also operates a highly specialised Emergency Department and the Emergency Hospital 19  dedicated to the treatment of infectious diseases. Humanitas is the first Italian hospital quality-certified by Joint Commission International since 2018 as Academic Hospital  and it is accredited by Italy’s National Health Service. Appointed as an IRCCS by the Ministry of Health (an accreditation in the Italian system that acknowledges institutions focused on excellence in clinical care and research)  Humanitas is an internationally well-known research center with focus on immune system-related diseases. Istituto Clinico Humanitas is the flagship of a hospital group also present in Milan  Bergamo  Turin  Catania and Castellanza (Varese).More information can be found at : https://www.humanitas.it/CONTACTSSoumya ChandramouliChief Financial Officer+32 10 475 890Investorrelations@iba-group.comOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsAmber Fennell  Angela Gray  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@consilium-comms.com1 Proteus®ONE is the brand name of Proteus®235Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.31,0.17,True,English,"['Proteus®ONE proton therapy solution', 'Istituto Clinico Humanitas', 'IBA', 'contract', 'Italy', 'Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'fourth IBA proton therapy system', 'other proton therapy users', 'first Italian hospital quality', 'third Proteus®ONE deal', 'Proteus®ONE solution', 'integrated quality assurance', 'Proteus®ONE system', 'proton therapy solutions', 'particle accelerator technology', 'typical end-user price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'specialised Emergency Department', 'immune system-related diseases', 'Istituto Clinico Humanitas', 'Joint Commission International', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'global market leader', 'National Health Service', 'new treatment choice', '10-year maintenance contract', 'innovative cancer treatments', 'advanced treatment options', 'Humanitas Research Hospital', 'Italian system', 'Humanitas Cancer Center', '1 Proteus®ONE', 'proton center', 'radiation therapy', 'new service', 'Emergency Hospital', 'global scale', 'joint mission', 'advanced treatments', 'innovative form', 'international studies', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'hospital, research', 'Academic Hospital', 'orthopedic diseases', 'infectious diseases', 'teaching center', 'research center', 'Humanitas University', 'world leader', 'leading provider', 'software package', 'long-term operation', 'Olivier Legrain', 'Luciano Ravera', 'many types', 'Research collaborations', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'academic institute', 'medical sciences', 'hospital group', 'Soumya Chandramouli', 'Olivier Lechien', 'Amber Fennell', 'Angela Gray', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'brand name', 'maintenance services', 'radiotherapy team', 'clinical care', 'IBA SA', 'cancer patients', 'IBA Dosimetry', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'June', 'EURONEXT', 'installation', 'Rozzano', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'revenue', 'position', 'increase', 'activity', 'country', 'access', 'thousands', 'development', 'community', 'Story', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', '1,500 people', 'social', 'BB', 'centers', 'prevention', 'inflammatory', 'IRCCS', 'Ministry', 'accreditation', 'institutions', 'excellence', 'focus', 'flagship', 'Bergamo', 'Turin', 'Catania', 'Castellanza', 'Varese', 'CONTACTS', 'Investorrelations', 'iba-group', 'Attachment', '44']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7197,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-announces-completion-divestment-series-060000225.html,Quadient announces completion of divestment series with the sale of its Shipping activity,Quadient announces completion of divestment series with the sale of its Shipping activity Paris  30 June 2022 Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in...,QUADIENTQuadient announces completion of divestment series with the sale of its Shipping activityParis  30 June 2022Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in business solutions for meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces today the sale of its Shipping solutions business.This activity  reported under the Additional Operations segment  includes a complete logistics and transport management solution  as well as the production  management and distribution of RFID systems for asset tracking. The sale covers assets  industrial processes and activities of the Shipping business  and is done through a management buyout (MBO). The revenue from the divested activities amounted to c. €5 million in 2021. Upon completion of this sale  forty Quadient employees will be transferred to the new entity.The sale of this activity completes the portfolio reshaping plan announced in January 2019 as part of the Back to Growth strategy. The remaining Additional Operations activities now consist of two strategic Quadient solutions:Mail Related Solutions activities in the scope of international countries including primarily Japan and the Nordic region  as well as indirect sales through a network of distributors and partners outside the company’s core geographies (2021 revenues of c. €40 million)Parcel Locker Solutions activities in the scope of international countries including primarily Australia and the Nordic region (2021 revenues of c. €4 million)Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer of Quadient  commented: “The sale of Quadient’s Shipping activity is the final step in our commitment to exit non-core activities in order to refocus our operations on our three strategic solutions. We are pleased to have successfully completed this divestment phase  only three years after the launch of our Back to Growth strategy in 2019  for a total consideration of c. €115 million. The completion of this plan allows Quadient to exclusively focus its efforts on growing organically its strategic solutions. As with any divestment executed throughout this period  we have made every effort to find the best buyer  not only who would continue to invest in these businesses  but would also ensure the continuity of work for the employees involved. We are therefore particularly pleased  this time for our Shipping solutions  with the implementation of an MBO led by a talented team who will be able to continue developing and growing this business. We wish them every success in this project.”Story continuesAbout Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the SBF 120®  CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/en-US.ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,positive,0.78,0.18,0.03,True,English,"['divestment series', 'Shipping activity', 'Quadient', 'completion', 'sale', 'three key solution areas', 'Mail Related Solutions activities', 'remaining Additional Operations activities', 'Parcel Locker Solutions activities', 'two strategic Quadient solutions', 'three strategic solutions', 'Additional Operations segment', 'meaningful customer connections', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'transport management solution', 'portfolio reshaping plan', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Shipping solutions business', 'forty Quadient employees', 'business solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'non-core activities', 'Shipping business', 'physical channels', 'complete logistics', 'RFID systems', 'asset tracking', 'industrial processes', 'management buyout', 'new entity', 'Growth strategy', 'international countries', 'Nordic region', 'indirect sales', 'core geographies', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'final step', 'total consideration', 'best buyer', 'talented team', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'OPRG Financial', 'Shipping activity', 'divestment series', 'Euronext Paris', 'divestment phase', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'Quadient®', 'completion', '30 June', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'production', 'distribution', 'assets', 'MBO', 'revenue', 'divested', 'January', 'Back', 'scope', 'Japan', 'network', 'distributors', 'partners', 'company', 'Australia', 'commitment', 'order', 'launch', 'efforts', 'period', 'businesses', 'continuity', 'implementation', 'success', 'project', 'Story', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'SBF 120®', 'information', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7198,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-selected-everstream-upgrade-network-160000762.html,Ekinops Selected by Everstream to Upgrade Its Network,Ekinops (EURONEXT PARIS: EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and access network solutions  is delivering its Ekinops360 optical transport...,"PARIS  June 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (EURONEXT PARIS: EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and access network solutions  is delivering its Ekinops360 optical transport solutions to Everstream  the premier provider of high-capacity  low-latency fiber connectivity solutions in the north-central and eastern regions of the United States.Ekinops selected by EverstreamBased in Cleveland  Ohio  Everstream operates an extensive 27 000 fiber-mile network stretching from Duluth  Minnesota all the way to Washington  DC.The network consists of more than 5 000 on-net locations with connectivity in 63 Tier 1 to Tier 4 data centers across its ten-state footprint  including key markets such as Milwaukee  Chicago  Indianapolis  St. Louis  Detroit and Philadelphia.Everstream's exclusive focus on the enterprise market requires a robust  scalable and highly flexible transport network to deliver high-speed fiber services.To meet its requirements for high reliability  ease of operation and strong customer support  Everstream has turned to Ekinops and its Ekinops360 platform with FlexRate™ coherent transport. The solution facilitates increased transport capacity for fiber to the tower (FTTT) backhaul services in addition to enterprise transport applications. ""From wireless backhaul services for 5G to enterprise cloud applications – the demand for bandwidth continues to rise "" said Chuck Girt  Everstream Chief Technology Officer. ""Capacity-building technologies such the Ekinops360 platform provide the scalability called for in Everstream's technology roadmap  enabling delivery of the high-bandwidth  low-latency connectivity solutions our customers require.""Ekinops is delivering its PM 200FRS02 FlexRate module with multi- reach capability from access to ultra-long haul along with a flexgrid ROADM-based optical line system to provide the optical layer flexibility necessary to reconfigure capacity rapidly based on customer demand. Ekinops' Celestis NMS network management system provides the monitoring and control functions and delivers rich  actionable intelligence about the state of the network that Everstream uses to manage all of its locations from its dual network operations centers.Story continues""We are very pleased to be partnering with Everstream on such a robust network "" says Kevin Antill  Ekinops' group vice president of sales for North America. ""That they've built so quickly speaks volumes not just about the performance of Ekinops equipment  but also our ability to execute and deliver in response to customer requirements.""For more information about the Ekinops360 portfolio  please visit https://www.ekinops.com/solutions/optical-transportAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frPressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1850259/Ekinops.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgEkinops Logo (PRNewsfoto/Ekinops)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-selected-by-everstream-to-upgrade-its-network-301578044.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.73,0.23,0.04,True,English,"['Ekinops', 'Everstream', 'Network', ""Ekinops' Celestis NMS network management system"", '63 Tier 1 to Tier 4 data centers', 'flexgrid ROADM-based optical line system', 'high-capacity, low-latency fiber connectivity solutions', 'PM 200FRS02 FlexRate module', 'dual network operations centers', 'high-bandwidth, low-latency connectivity solutions', 'highly flexible transport network', ""Ekinops' group vice president"", 'Ekinops360 optical transport solutions', 'Everstream Chief Technology Officer', 'optical transport systems', 'optical layer flexibility', 'FlexRate™ coherent transport', 'multi- reach capability', 'rich, actionable intelligence', 'Didier Brédy', 'enterprise transport applications', 'extensive 27,000 fiber-mile network', 'high-speed fiber services', 'enterprise cloud applications', 'strong customer support', 'access network solutions', 'wireless backhaul services', 'technology roadmap', 'robust network', 'enterprise market', 'transport capacity', 'Ekinops360 platform', 'Ekinops360 portfolio', 'leading supplier', 'premier provider', 'eastern regions', 'United States', 'ten-state footprint', 'key markets', 'St. Louis', 'exclusive focus', 'robust, scalable', 'high reliability', 'Chuck Girt', 'Capacity-building technologies', 'ultra-long haul', 'control functions', 'Kevin Antill', 'North America', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'original content', 'customer demand', 'customer requirements', 'Ekinops equipment', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'EURONEXT PARIS', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'net locations', 'Ekinops Logo', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'north-central', 'Cleveland', 'Ohio', 'Duluth', 'Minnesota', 'Washington', 'DC', 'Milwaukee', 'Chicago', 'Indianapolis', 'Detroit', 'Philadelphia', 'tower', 'FTTT', 'addition', '5G', 'scalability', 'delivery', 'customers', 'monitoring', 'Story', 'sales', 'volumes', 'performance', 'response', 'information', 'optical-transport', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'actus', 'adugast', 'Photo', 'Ekinops_Logo', 'PRNewsfoto', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', '1 53']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7199,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-completes-acquisition-eurobank-merchant-160000035.html,Worldline completes the acquisition of Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities,Worldline completes the acquisition ofEurobank Merchant Acquiring activities Paris La Défense  June 30  2022 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in ...,WORLDLINE SAWorldline completes the acquisition ofEurobank Merchant Acquiring activitiesParis La Défense  June 30  2022 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announces the completion of the acquisition of Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities  as part of its European consolidation strategy.Eurobank Merchant Acquiring (EBMA) is a meaningful card acquirer in the very dynamic Greek market with 21% share of transaction volumes processed in the country. EBMA manages c. 219 million transactions acquired per year representing a payment volume of c. € 7 billion from a c. 190 000 POS network. The company serves a well-diversified and high-quality portfolio of 123 000 merchants of which more than 50% are SMBs in MSV terms.This acquisition represents an opportunity for Worldline to strongly expand its Merchant Services activities in this dynamic Southern European market  still driven by the shift from cash to card with a significant electronic payments adoption rate and online and e-commerce development. In parallel  the exposure to the Greek economy fueled by the travel & hospitality industry offers added growth opportunities.In this rapidly changing industry  driven by the customers’ adoption of numerous and innovative payment methods  Eurobank Merchant Acquiring is the ideal cornerstone to further deploy Worldline payment offerings and value-added services capabilities in the Greek market  combined with the large acceptance network of Cardlink (acquired in 2021) to offer end-to-end payment services.As part of the transaction  Worldline enters a long-term commercial partnership with Eurobank aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s and EBMA best-in-class payment product and services to physical and online merchants.As the European leader in payments  Worldline keeps executing its strategic roadmap with a focus on value-creative consolidation opportunities to enhance its scale  reach and direct presence in a growing number of countries in close partnership with leading local financial institutions.Story continuesForthcoming eventsJuly 27  2022 H1 2022 resultsOctober 25  2022 Q3 2022 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 58 53 80sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2021 Worldline generated a proforma revenue close to 4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviours. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities', 'Worldline', 'acquisition', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'significant electronic payments adoption rate', 'Paris La Défense', 'leading local financial institutions', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Benoit d’Amécourt', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities', 'dynamic Southern European market', 'secure payment transaction processing', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'leading digital payment', 'Merchant Services activities', 'European consolidation strategy', 'large acceptance network', 'strong banking network', 'key commercial channel', 'class payment product', 'dynamic Greek market', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'value-creative consolidation opportunities', 'online commercial acquiring', 'innovative payment methods', 'value-added services capabilities', 'end payment services', 'meaningful card acquirer', 'c. 190,000 POS network', 'sustainable economic growth', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'numerous digital services', 'Worldline payment offerings', 'customers’ adoption', 'European leader', 'payment volume', 'market conditions', 'payments industry', 'growth opportunities', 'close partnership', 'sustainable, trusted', 'innovative solutions', 'transaction volumes', 'Greek economy', 'global leader', '219 million transactions', 'high-quality portfolio', 'MSV terms', 'e-commerce development', 'hospitality industry', 'changing industry', 'ideal cornerstone', 'strategic roadmap', 'direct presence', 'Forthcoming events', 'Q3 2022 revenue', 'technology partner', 'proforma revenue', '4 billion euros', 'corporate purpose', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'expected growth', 'Actual events', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'other information', 'historical information', 'information purposes', 'growing number', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'filling number', 'H1 2022 results', 'expected performance', 'online merchants', 'WORLDLINE SA', '123,000 merchants', 'acquisition', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'completion', 'EBMA', '21% share', 'country', 'year', 'company', 'diversified', 'SMBs', 'opportunity', 'shift', 'cash', 'parallel', 'exposure', 'travel', 'Cardlink', 'order', 'physical', 'focus', 'scale', 'reach', 'countries', 'Story', 'July', 'October', 'Contacts', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'helene', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '20,000 employees', 'clients', 'instore', 'raison', 'security', 'societies', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'Group', 'profitability', 'factors', 'control', 'competitors', 'behaviours', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'goals', 'synergies', 'AMF', 'April', 'disclaims', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'law', 'solicitation']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7200,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220629005801/en/Jacobi-Asset-Management-Announces-It-Will-Launch-Europe%E2%80%99s-First-Bitcoin-ETF-on-Euronext-Amsterdam,Jacobi Asset Management Announces It Will Launch Europe’s First Bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #BTC--In a first for Europe  Jacobi Asset Management (Jacobi) announces the launch of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF (the “ETF”) (BCOIN  ISIN: GG00BMTPK874) which will be listing on Euronext Amsterdam  part of Euronext  the leading pan-Europ…,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--In a first for Europe  Jacobi Asset Management (Jacobi) announces the launch of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF (the “ETF”) (BCOIN  ISIN: GG00BMTPK874) which will be listing on Euronext Amsterdam  part of Euronext  the leading pan-European marketplace from July.The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF  which received regulatory approval from the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (GFSC) in October 2021  will begin trading in July on the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange under the ticker BCOIN. Custodial services will be provided by Fidelity Digital AssetsSM with Flow Traders and DRW facilitating trading as market makers.CEO Jamie Khurshid said: “The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure. Our goal at Jacobi is to make digital asset investments simpler and more familiar for institutional and professional investors. We are delighted to be working with all our premier partners including Fidelity Digital Assets and Flow Traders who have supported us from inception and are an integral part of this European first as we list on Euronext Amsterdam”.He added: “This is a significant step forward for Jacobi Asset Management. We have an ambitious vision and look forward to bringing an innovative product pipeline to the market very soon.”“We are excited to be acting as lead market maker for Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF  which is another milestone in the development of the institutional digital assets space. This is also aligned with the growing demand from institutional investors who are looking to diversify their portfolios by adding Bitcoin and other digital assets. Flow Traders has been a longstanding supporter of enabling exposure in digital assets and we are delighted to be working with Jacobi Asset Management on this launch.” commented Edd Carlton  Institutional Digital Asset Trader at Flow Traders.Legal support through the regulatory and listing process was facilitated by independent Dutch law firm Kennedy Van der Laan.Emanuel van Praag  Attorney from Kennedy Van der Laan commented: “The first listed crypto ETF in the EU is indeed a proud achievement and we are happy that we were able to assist Jacobi Asset Management to achieve this goal.”Jacobi Asset Management will provide European institutional and professional investors with access to the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF via a simple investment vehicle for a 1.5% annual management fee.For further information  visit Jacobiam.com- Ends -About Jacobi Asset ManagementLaunched in May 2021 to shape the future of digital asset management  Jacobi is spearheaded by CEO Jamie Khurshid  a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and pioneer of regulatory transparency in financial markets. Jacobi brings together a diverse team of blockchain  technology  investment and regulatory experts  deep-rooted in capital markets with a compelling pedigree in distributed ledger technology and digital asset management.Important Disclosure and Disclaimer InformationJacobi Asset Management offers its services to institutional  professional and sophisticated clients only. Any investment comes with risks and the value of an investment can decrease as well as increase.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.63,0.24,0.13,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'First Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Europe', 'former Goldman Sachs investment banker', 'independent Dutch law firm', 'Kennedy Van der Laan', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Institutional Digital Asset Trader', 'institutional digital assets space', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Emanuel van Praag', 'digital asset investments', 'digital asset management', 'Fidelity Digital AssetsSM', 'other digital assets', 'exciting asset class', 'leading pan-European marketplace', 'CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'innovative product pipeline', '1.5% annual management fee', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'simple investment vehicle', 'lead market maker', 'distributed ledger technology', 'Euronext Amsterdam Exchange', 'financial markets', 'crypto ETF', 'European first', 'European institutional', 'institutional, professional', 'Custodial services', 'institutional investors', 'investment structure', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Flow Traders', 'market makers', 'underlying performance', 'premier partners', 'significant step', 'ambitious vision', 'growing demand', 'longstanding supporter', 'Edd Carlton', 'Legal support', 'listing process', 'proud achievement', 'diverse team', 'capital markets', 'compelling pedigree', 'Important Disclosure', 'sophisticated clients', 'regulatory approval', 'professional investors', 'regulatory transparency', 'regulatory experts', 'integral part', 'Disclaimer Information', 'LONDON', 'launch', 'BCOIN', 'ISIN', 'GG00BMTPK87', 'July', 'GFSC', 'October', 'trading', 'ticker', 'DRW', 'goal', 'inception', 'milestone', 'development', 'portfolios', 'exposure', 'Attorney', 'access', 'Jacobiam', 'Ends', 'May', 'future', 'pioneer', 'blockchain', 'risks', 'value']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7201,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://nextbigwhat.com/europes-first-bitcoin-etf-will-commence-trading-on-euronext-in-july/,Europe’s First Bitcoin ETF Will Commence Trading on Euronext in July,Jacobi Asset Management will be launching Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF on the Euronext exchange in July. The company noted that the Jacobi ETF would commence trading activities in July this…,Jacobi Asset Management will be launching Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF on the Euronext exchange in July. The company noted that the Jacobi ETF would commence trading activities in July this year on Euronext Amsterdam under the symbol of BCOIN.Jamie Khurshid  the CEO of Jacobi Asset Management  said  “the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure.”,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['First Bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Trading', 'Euronext', 'July', 'exciting asset class', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi ETF', 'Euronext exchange', 'trading activities', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Jamie Khurshid', 'underlying performance', 'investment structure', 'Europe', 'July', 'company', 'symbol', 'BCOIN', 'CEO', 'investors']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,nextbigwhat.com
7202,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/spar-nord-issues-tier-2-140900195.html,Spar Nord issues Tier 2 capital,Company announcement no. 15 With reference to Company Announcement no. 13 of 27 June 2022  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an...,Spar Nord Bank A/SCompany announcement no. 15With reference to Company Announcement no. 13 of 27 June 2022  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an agreement with a number of professional investors to issue Tier 2 capital for an amount of DKK 500 million with a maturity of 7 July 2032 and with the option for the Bank to prepay the loan no sooner than 7 July 2027 (subject to regulatory approval).The Tier 2 capital (DK0030510219) will be issued with 7 July 2022 as the value date  and until 7 July 2027 they will bear interest at a rate of 5.131 % p.a. (fixed annual rate). The notes will be listed on Euronext in Dublin.The issue was completed with Nykredit as arranger and Nykredit and Spar Nord Bank as Joint Bookrunners.Please direct any questions regarding this release to Rune Brandt Børglum  Head of Investor Relations  on tel. + 45 9634 4236  or by e-mail at rsn@sparnord.dkRune Brandt BørglumHead of Investor RelationsAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Spar Nord issues', 'Tier 2 capital', 'Rune Brandt Børglum', 'Spar Nord Bank A/S', 'The Tier 2 capital', 'Investor Relations Attachment', 'Company announcement', 'professional investors', 'regulatory approval', 'value date', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'annual rate', 'reference', '27 June', 'agreement', 'number', 'amount', 'DKK', 'maturity', '7 July', 'option', 'loan', 'interest', 'notes', 'Euronext', 'Dublin', 'issue', 'Nykredit', 'arranger', 'questions', 'release', 'Head', 'tel.', 'mail', 'rsn', 'sparnord']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7203,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-may-055500199.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited May 2022 Monthly Factsheet,Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for May 2022.,LONDON  June 30  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for May 2022.Net Asset Value: $2 710mFully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.03Share Price (TFG NA): $10.30Monthly NAV per share total return: -1.4%Monthly Return on Equity: -0.9%Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11Dividend yield: 4.1%Please refer to important disclosures on page 3 of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.May 2022 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.Story continuesCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-may-2022-monthly-factsheet-301578121.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'Net Asset Value', 'collective investment scheme', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Fully Diluted NAV', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'share total return', 'investment objective', 'TFG NA', 'United Kingdom', 'Monthly NAV', 'Monthly Return', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'important disclosures', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'distressed securities', 'structured credit', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'various credit', 'public register', 'stable returns', 'Prosek Partners', 'public offer', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'May', 'Equity', 'page', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'inflation', 'information', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Story', 'Cision', 'monthly-factsheet']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7204,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-june-080000020.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details June 23 – June 29  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details June 23 – June 29  2022 June 30  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 81 100 of its own ordinary...,Share Buyback Transaction Details June 23 – June 29  2022June 30  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 81 100 of its own ordinary shares in the period from June 23  2022  up to and including June 29  2022  for €7.3 million and at an average share price of €89.88.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 23  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €600 million during 2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 3 308 064 304.0 91.89For the period starting May 5  2022  up to and including August 1  2022  we have engaged a third party to execute €140 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'June', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'global leader', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'June', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'May', 'August', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7205,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220630005172/en/Leveraging-the-power-of-the-cloud-Managed-File-Transfer-helps-organizations-modernize-and-deliver-value-in-an-always-on-world,Leveraging the power of the cloud  Managed File Transfer helps organizations modernize and deliver value in an always-on world,PHOENIX--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Axway (Euronext: AXW.PA)  a leader in API-driven B2B integration and MFT software  is pleased to announce its newest release of Axway Managed File Transfer (MFT)  available in both the Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services Cloud. A…,PHOENIX--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Axway (Euronext: AXW.PA)  a leader in API-driven B2B integration and MFT software  is pleased to announce its newest release of Axway Managed File Transfer (MFT)  available in both the Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services Cloud.As the demand and complexity of data transfers continue to grow in a post-pandemic world  companies need trusted solutions to mitigate the risks of cyber threats  legacy system obsolescence  and a shortage of human resources.“Managing mission-critical dataflows requires a more modern approach ” says Meetesh Patel  General Manager of Managed File Transfer at Axway. “Many of the largest banks  retailers  and auto manufacturers in the world already rely on us to power their operations. With Axway MFT  businesses can control more data at scale with security  resiliency  and speed while empowering their business users and satisfying regulatory and governance requirements.”Businesses are adapting to doing business in an always-on world  and time-trusted solutions like MFT are changing as well. Thanks to Axway’s hybrid solutions  organizations can modernize their legacy data exchange channels with their ecosystem while transitioning to the cloud.The most complete solution in the industry  Axway MFT now boasts greatly improved data visualization  self-service features  configuration  and user management. Some notable features include:MFT in the Axway Managed Cloud is now available via subscription on Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services marketplaces  offering greater control over costs.MFT analytics capabilities can monitor SLAs  now also giving users predictive analysis of data flow issues before they become a problem.analytics capabilities can monitor SLAs  now also giving users predictive analysis of data flow issues before they become a problem. MFT Flow Manager allows central management of self-service capabilities for business users  saving costs and avoiding complexity.allows central management of self-service capabilities for business users  saving costs and avoiding complexity. Security and interoperability improvements for MFT SecureTransport  and enhanced performance  security  and experience with MFT Transfer CFT.Find more details on the newest Axway MFT features here.“Whether it’s to support cloud migration needs or provide actionable intelligence with predictive analytics ” adds Patel  “MFT should be an integrated part of an organization’s digital transformation.”Click here to learn why cloud adoption is becoming an organizational imperative – and why it needs to include MFT and EDI/B2B solutions.About AxwayAxway enables enterprises to securely open everything by integrating and moving data across a complex world of new and old technologies. Axway’s API-driven B2B integration and MFT software  refined over 20 years  complements Axway Amplify  an open API management platform that makes APIs easier to discover and reuse across multiple teams  vendors  and cloud environments. Axway has helped over 11 000 businesses unlock the full value of their existing digital ecosystems to create brilliant experiences  innovate new services  and reach new markets. Learn more at axway.com.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Managed File Transfer', 'power', 'cloud', 'organizations', 'value', 'world', 'Amazon Web Services marketplaces', 'open API management platform', 'Amazon Web Services Cloud', 'legacy data exchange channels', 'Axway Managed File Transfer', 'legacy system obsolescence', 'newest Axway MFT features', 'API-driven B2B integration', 'cloud migration needs', 'existing digital ecosystems', 'MFT Transfer CFT', 'data flow issues', 'Axway Managed Cloud', 'MFT Flow Manager', 'MFT analytics capabilities', 'newest release', 'new services', 'self-service features', 'notable features', 'General Manager', 'user management', 'central management', 'digital transformation', 'cloud adoption', 'cloud environments', 'predictive analytics', 'data transfers', 'data visualization', 'self-service capabilities', 'MFT software', 'Microsoft Azure', 'trusted solutions', 'cyber threats', 'human resources', 'mission-critical dataflows', 'modern approach', 'largest banks', 'auto manufacturers', 'governance requirements', 'hybrid solutions', 'complete solution', 'greater control', 'predictive analysis', 'interoperability improvements', 'MFT SecureTransport', 'actionable intelligence', 'integrated part', 'organizational imperative', 'EDI/B2B solutions', 'old technologies', 'multiple teams', 'full value', 'brilliant experiences', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Axway Amplify', 'new markets', 'post-pandemic world', 'Meetesh Patel', 'complex world', 'business users', 'performance, security', 'PHOENIX', 'Euronext', 'AXW.', 'leader', 'demand', 'complexity', 'companies', 'risks', 'shortage', 'Managing', 'retailers', 'operations', 'businesses', 'scale', 'resiliency', 'speed', 'regulatory', 'time', 'organizations', 'industry', 'configuration', 'subscription', 'costs', 'SLAs', 'problem', 'details', 'enterprises', 'everything', '20 years', 'APIs', 'vendors']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7206,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220630005472/en/Spinal-Cord-Stimulation-Delivers-Improved-Arm-Function,Spinal Cord Stimulation Delivers Improved Arm Function,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today anno…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces a Nature Neuroscience publication showing the potential for ONWARD’s ARCIM Therapy to restore movement and function in hands and arms after spinal cord injury.Regaining hand and arm function is the highest priority for many people with cervical spinal cord injury. Even mild functional deficits in hand and arm function lead to significantly reduced independence and quality of life. It has historically been challenging to develop new therapies for hand and arm function because their movements are complex and multidimensional. Researchers in today’s Nature Neuroscience publication investigated a potentially more effective approach to improving motor control of the upper limbs after spinal cord injury – an implantable neurostimulation system that modulates the spinal cord region involved in controlling hand and arm function. This preclinical data showed that precise electrical stimulation targeting relevant spinal cord segments enhanced muscle activation and strength  and facilitated more efficient hand and arm movements.“We are preparing to launch our transcutaneous ARCEX Therapy to restore hand and arm function in 2023 ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. ”The findings from this Nature Neuroscience publication suggest there may also be a role for implanted ARCIM Therapy to help people with spinal cord injury regain arm and hand function. Indeed  the greater precision and 24/7 availability of implanted ARCIM Therapy may offer meaningful support for activities of daily living.”“Small improvements in hand and arm function offer large benefits in independence and quality of life. Current approaches such as functional electrical stimulation (FES) induce fatigue and fail to sustain the three-dimensional movements required for activities of daily life”  said Grégoire Courtine  professor at EPFL and co-author of the Nature Neuroscience paper. “We look forward to studying this approach in humans within the next several months and working with ONWARD to potentially commercialize this important therapy.”As part of its suite of intellectual property agreements with EPFL  ONWARD has the rights to develop and commercialize cervical spinal cord stimulation therapy to improve hand and arm function in people with spinal cord injury.The publication features preclinical research performed by neuroscientists at EPFL  University of Fribourg  and University of Pittsburgh. The research initiative was sponsored by the Wyss Foundation  ONWARD  the Bertarelli Foundation  the Swiss National Science Foundation  and the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program.To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal-cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide. The company completed its first-in-human use of its ARCIM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,mixed,0.17,0.22,0.61,True,English,"['Spinal Cord Stimulation', 'Arm Function', 'cervical spinal cord stimulation therapy', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'targeted, programmed spinal-cord stimulation', 'relevant spinal cord segments', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'cervical spinal cord injury', 'Swiss National Science Foundation', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'precise electrical stimulation', 'functional electrical stimulation', 'spinal cord region', 'spinal cord injuries', 'mild functional deficits', 'implantable neurostimulation system', 'Grégoire Courtine', 'next several months', 'intellectual property agreements', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'High Tech Campus', 'Nature Neuroscience paper', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'Nature Neuroscience publication', 'transcutaneous ARCEX Therapy', 'medical technology company', 'basic science', 'Wyss Foundation', 'Bertarelli Foundation', 'important therapy', 'ARC Therapy', 'ARCIM Therapy', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'highest priority', 'new therapies', 'motor control', 'upper limbs', 'preclinical data', 'muscle activation', 'Dave Marver', 'greater precision', '24/7 availability', 'meaningful support', 'daily living', 'Small improvements', 'large benefits', 'Current approaches', 'preclinical research', 'research initiative', 'European Union', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'a decade', 'other functions', 'human use', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'ARCIM neurostimulator', 'arm function', 'forward-looking statements', 'three-dimensional movements', 'arm movements', 'effective approach', 'future events', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'Regaining hand', 'efficient hand', 'daily life', 'hand function', 'many people', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'health', 'potential', 'hands', 'arms', 'quality', 'Researchers', 'today', 'strength', 'CEO', 'findings', 'role', 'activities', 'FES', 'fatigue', 'EPFL', 'author', 'humans', 'part', 'suite', 'rights', 'neuroscientists', 'University', 'Fribourg', 'Pittsburgh', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'May', 'office', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7207,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/egypt-bulks-wheat-supplies-biggest-222357557.html,Egypt Scoops Up Wheat Supplies with Supersized Tender,(Bloomberg) -- Egypt booked the most wheat in a tender in at least a decade  taking advantage of a recent price slump to bolster stockpiles as Russia’s...,(Bloomberg) -- Egypt booked the most wheat in a tender in at least a decade  taking advantage of a recent price slump to bolster stockpiles as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine hampers global supplies.Most Read from BloombergThe country’s state-run buyer bought 815 000 tons on Wednesday  the largest single purchase since at least 2012  data compiled by Bloomberg show. Other nations like Saudi Arabia and Algeria have also snapped up wheat in recent days.France was the largest supplier in Egypt’s tender  a change from before the war  when sales early in the season tended to be dominated by Black Sea crops. The wheat trade has been disrupted by the conflict and most Ukrainian ports remain shut  which is expected to boost demand from alternative shippers like the European Union.The purchases follow a recent drop across grain futures  as commodities were dragged down by the recessionary worries hanging over financial markets. Chicago wheat has retreated more than 30% from a record reached in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.Still  prices remain historically high  straining importers’ budgets. Egypt’s supply minister said it aims to cut back imports by eking out more subsidized bread from its grain.Egypt’s tender was also notable in that it sought wheat over a three-month span  rather than a few weeks as usual  stretching out the sales. The country ultimately booked supply for August  September and the first half of October  according to traders who asked not to be identified. Cargoes from the EU -- Romania  France and Bulgaria -- accounted for the bulk at 640 000 tons  and Russia sold 175 000 tons.“This illustrates the competitiveness of French origin on the international scene  and the tensions that exist linked to the situation in the Black Sea basin ” Paris-based adviser Agritel said in a note.Story continuesMilling-wheat futures on the Euronext exchange traded little changed on Thursday.(Adds additional details in third paragraph  analyst quote in seventh paragraph.)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.19,0.72,True,English,"['Wheat Supplies', 'Supersized Tender', 'Egypt', 'Black Sea crops', 'Black Sea basin', 'Paris-based adviser Agritel', 'largest single purchase', 'most Ukrainian ports', 'recent price slump', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'largest supplier', 'recent days', 'recent drop', 'most wheat', 'a decade', 'global supplies', 'state-run buyer', 'Other nations', 'Saudi Arabia', 'alternative shippers', 'European Union', 'recessionary worries', 'financial markets', 'importers’ budgets', 'three-month span', 'first half', 'French origin', 'international scene', 'Milling-wheat futures', 'Euronext exchange', 'additional details', 'third paragraph', 'analyst quote', 'seventh paragraph', 'Bloomberg show', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'wheat trade', 'Chicago wheat', 'grain futures', 'supply minister', 'Egypt', 'tender', 'advantage', 'stockpiles', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'country', '815,000 tons', 'Wednesday', 'data', 'Algeria', 'France', 'war', 'sales', 'season', 'conflict', 'demand', 'purchases', 'commodities', 'record', 'wake', 'prices', 'imports', 'bread', 'weeks', 'August', 'September', 'October', 'traders', 'Cargoes', 'Romania', 'Bulgaria', 'bulk', '640,000 tons', '175,000 tons', 'competitiveness', 'tensions', 'situation', 'note', 'Story', 'Thursday']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7208,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-180000148.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion of Negma Convertible Bonds and Partial Reimbursement of Kreos/Pontifax Convertible Bonds,Negma Group has converted 180 convertible bonds resulting in a EUR 450 000 capital increase and Kreos/Pontifax convertible bonds have been reimbursed in an...,Oxurion NVNegma Group has converted 180 convertible bonds resulting in a EUR 450 000 capital increase and Kreos/Pontifax convertible bonds have been reimbursed in an amount of EUR 3 millionLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – June 30   2022 – 8.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information concerning the conversion of the Negma bonds  following the issuance of 1 216 216 new ordinary shares on June 7 (as listed on June 9)  2022  for a total amount of EUR 450 000  as the result of the conversion of 180 convertible bonds pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the Negma convertible bonds the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 49 821 189 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 48 604 973 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.In addition  Oxurion has reimbursed EUR 3 million (30%) of the Kreos/Pontifax Convertible Bonds issued in December 2021. Within that framework  the cash covenant has been reduced from EUR 4 million to EUR 3 million and the interest-only period has been extended until the end of the third quarter of 2022. The reimbursement reduces the total number of shares to be issued upon a potential conversion of the Kreos/Pontifax Convertible Bonds by 1 034 482 shares without impacting the cash runway included in the Company’s Prospectus issued in March 2022.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 69 456 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 49 821 189 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 49 821 189 Number of outstanding rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 751 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 751 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);1 010 000 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 010 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);550 000 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 550 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 and as amended following the partial reimbursement in June 2022;724 749 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 724 749 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); and220 convertible bonds issued on April 29  2022  entitling their holder (Negma Group) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group on August 26  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 479 783 583michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.22,0.32,0.46,True,English,"['Negma Convertible Bonds', 'Kreos/Pontifax Convertible Bonds', 'Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Partial Reimbursement', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'Conversion', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Kreos/Pontifax convertible bonds', 'Such forward-looking statements', '1,216,216 new ordinary shares', 'Negma convertible bonds', 'Israel) L.P.', 'Cayman) L.P.', '49,821,189 outstanding ordinary shares', '48,604,973 outstanding ordinary shares', 'EUR 450,000 capital increase', '180 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', '220 convertible bonds', 'outstanding rights', 'Negma bonds', 'Capital Commitment', 'Share capital', 'Negma Group', '8.00 PM CET', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'voting rights', 'cash covenant', 'interest-only period', 'third quarter', 'cash runway', '751,500 subscription rights', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'total number', 'potential conversion', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'total amount', 'partial reimbursement', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'other conditions', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', '1,034,482 shares', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'June', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'completion', 'denominator', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'addition', 'December', 'framework', 'end', 'Prospectus', 'March', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'April', 'September', 'UK', 'terms', 'Limited', 'August', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7209,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nextensa-nv-sa-information-total-154000627.html,Nextensa NV/SA : Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,PRESS RELEASE REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  30 June 2022 – 5.40 PM CEST Nextensa NV/SA : Information on the total number of voting rights and shares In...,Nextensa NVPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  30 June 2022 – 5.40 PM CESTNextensa NV/SA : Information on the total number of voting rights and sharesIn accordance with article 15 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nextensa NV (the “Company”) publishes the following information following a request for dematerialisation of registered shares (with double voting rights):Situation as at 30 June 2022:Total share capital: EUR 109 997 148.34Total number of securities carrying voting rights: 10 002 102Number of securities with double voting rights: 1 797 268(1)Total number of voting rights (= denominator) : 11 799 370On the basis of this information  the shareholders of the Company can verify whether they are above or below one of the thresholds of 3% (threshold set by the articles of association)  5%  10%  and so on (in multiples of five) of the total voting rights  and whether there is therefore an obligation to notify the company that they have exceeded this threshold.(1) 204 of these 1 797 268 shares giving the right to double voting rights in principle are held by a subsidiary of the Company. The voting rights attached to these 204 shares have therefore been suspendedFor more informationMichel Van Geyte Chief Executive Officer+32 3 238 98 77michel.van.geyte@nextensa.euAbout NextensaNextensa NV/SA (previously named Leasinvest Real Estate) is a mixed property investor and developer since 19 July 2021. The company’s investment portfolio  which is spread over the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (46%)  Belgium (41%) and Austria (13%)  had a total value on 31/03/2022 of approximately €1.34 billion. Nextensa is one of Luxembourg’s biggest property investors. The development portfolio is spread over the Tour & Taxis (B) and Cloche d’Or (L) sites  where mixed (residential and office) developments are ongoing and new sub-projects will be launched in the coming years. In addition  there is also a development pipeline in Belgium and Luxembourg of more than 300 000 m² of offices and residential real estate. The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and it has a market capitalisation of € 560.1 million (value on 29/06/2022).Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.42,0.29,True,English,"['Nextensa NV/SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'biggest property investors', 'Cloche d’Or', 'Total share capital', 'double voting rights', 'mixed property investor', 'total voting rights', 'residential real estate', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'total number', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'large shareholdings', 'investment portfolio', 'Grand Duchy', 'development portfolio', 'L) sites', 'office) developments', 'new sub-projects', 'coming years', 'development pipeline', 'market capitalisation', 'total value', 'Nextensa NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'registered shares', '1,797,268 shares', '204 shares', '30 June', 'CEST', 'accordance', 'article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Company', 'request', 'dematerialisation', 'Situation', 'securities', 'denominator', 'basis', 'shareholders', 'thresholds', 'association', 'multiples', 'obligation', 'principle', 'subsidiary', 'developer', '19 July', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/03', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'addition', '300,000 m²', 'offices', '29/06', 'Story', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7210,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atos-opens-life-sciences-centre-080000011.html,Atos opens Life Sciences Centre of Excellence to accelerate drug development and enable precision health solutions,Paris  30 June  2022 - Atos  in agreement with the Wellcome Genome Campus in Cambridgeshire  UK  today announces the official opening of its global Life...,Atos InternationalParis  30 June  2022 - Atos  in agreement with the Wellcome Genome Campus in Cambridgeshire  UK  today announces the official opening of its global Life Sciences Centre of Excellence. The facility will provide scientists on campus  and global genome and bio-data institutes worldwide  early access to emerging technologies to support their research  helping to accelerate the process of bringing new drugs to market and delivering tangible societal benefits.The Atos Life Sciences Centre of Excellence is an exploration  discovery and co-creation instrument aimed at complementing the existing Campus compute facilities with access to leading-edge technologies  such as Quantum  High-Performance Computing  Edge Computing and AI  supported by Atos’ products  services and expertise in these sectors. The facility will also feature leading-edge technologies from Atos partners including Arm  Intel  and NetApp. First established during the Covid-19 confinement crisis  this center provided support to researchers worldwide studying many different aspects of the virus.Atos experts world-wide will collaborate directly with genome and biological data research scientists to help transform ideas into reality  focusing specifically on enabling the implementation of precision health and accelerating drug development using digital technologies. The aim is to create solutions that enable healthcare organisations to design efficient strategies to prevent and manage disease and to support pharma/biotech and medtech organisations in in accelerating the development of targeted treatments/cutting edge medical equipment and sensors  helping to tackle the greatest health challenges in society today.The outcomes from collaboration between Atos and health and life sciences stakeholders will be showcased at the Centre of Excellence through innovation workshops  proof-of-concept production  demos and webinars.Dr Natalia Jimenez  Global Life Sciences Product Lead  Atos said: “The opening of the Life Sciences Centre of Excellence is a significant milestone in Atos’ pioneering work to drive innovation in the healthcare and life sciences industry. By providing an ecosystem where genome and biological data research scientists can access emerging technologies accompanied by leading Atos experts  the Centre of Excellence will play a crucial role in fostering life sciences discovery and innovation  expediting the time it takes to bring new drugs to market and delivering tangible benefits to patients.”Story continuesDr Julia Wilson  Associate Director  Wellcome Sanger Institute commented: “We are delighted that Atos has joined our Campus community  and look forward to partnering with them to maximise the vast range of opportunities the Centre of Excellence will provide for scientists here and worldwide. Emerging technologies such as Quantum  High-Performance Computing  Edge Computing and AI hold transformative potential for advancing biodata research  helping the life sciences sector to shorten the drug development process and reduce costs.”***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactConstance Arnoux | constance.arnoux@atos.net | +33 6 44 12 16 35Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.64,0.28,0.08,True,English,"['Life Sciences Centre', 'precision health solutions', 'drug development', 'Atos', 'Excellence', 'targeted treatments/cutting edge medical equipment', 'Global Life Sciences Product Lead', 'The Atos Life Sciences Centre', 'existing Campus compute facilities', 'Next 20 Paris Stock indexes', 'global Life Sciences Centre', 'biological data research scientists', 'life sciences stakeholders', 'life sciences industry', 'life sciences sector', 'life sciences discovery', 'Covid-19 confinement crisis', 'many different aspects', 'Dr Natalia Jimenez', 'Dr Julia Wilson', 'Wellcome Sanger Institute', 'tangible societal benefits', 'greatest health challenges', 'Wellcome Genome Campus', 'leading Atos experts', 'secure information space', 'drug development process', 'global leader', 'global genome', 'Edge Computing', 'tangible benefits', 'Campus community', 'biodata research', 'Euronext Paris', 'bio-data institutes', 'emerging technologies', 'new drugs', 'creation instrument', 'leading-edge technologies', 'High-Performance Computing', 'precision health', 'digital technologies', 'efficient strategies', 'medtech organisations', 'concept production', 'significant milestone', 'pioneering work', 'crucial role', 'Associate Director', 'vast range', 'transformative potential', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'multicultural approach', 'Press contact', 'Atos International', 'Atos partners', 'official opening', 'early access', 'healthcare organisations', 'end solutions', 'innovation workshops', 'decarbonization services', 'technological excellence', 'Atos’ products', 'Constance Arnoux', '30 June', 'agreement', 'Cambridgeshire', 'UK', 'facility', 'market', 'exploration', 'Quantum', 'AI', 'expertise', 'sectors', 'Arm', 'Intel', 'NetApp', 'center', 'support', 'researchers', 'virus', 'ideas', 'reality', 'implementation', 'disease', 'sensors', 'society', 'outcomes', 'collaboration', 'demos', 'webinars', 'ecosystem', 'time', 'patients', 'Story', 'opportunities', 'costs', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'industries', '71 countries', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'knowledge', 'education', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Attachment']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7211,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/royal-vopak-successfully-renewed-eur-060000527.html,Royal Vopak successfully renewed a EUR 1 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facility,Royal Vopak successfully renewed a EUR 1 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facilitythe Netherlands  June 30th  2022 Today Vopak successfully...,"Koninklijke Vopak N.V.Royal Vopak successfully renewed a EUR 1 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facilitythe Netherlands  June 30th  2022Today Vopak successfully renewed its EUR 1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (RCF) with a syndicate of 12 international relationship banks.This new facility replaces the current RCF of EUR 1 billion  which has been in place since June 2016.The new RCF is linked to our performance on three key topics from Vopak’s sustainability roadmap: our safety performance  gender diversity in senior management and the reduction of our greenhouse gas emissions. The new RCF has an initial maturity of five years with two one year extension options.The new syndicate of banks consists of: ABN AMRO Bank  BBVA  BNP Paribas  CIBC  Citibank  DBS Bank  DNB  ICBC  ING  JP Morgan  Rabobank and SMBC Bank. ABN AMRO and ING acted as coordinating bookrunners and sustainability coordinators on the transaction.Michiel Gilsing  Member of the Executive Board and CFO of Royal Vopak: ""We are very happy with this new revolving credit facility. All banks that were invited committed themselves to the facility. This reflects the strong trust and long-term relationship Vopak has with its core banks and confirms Vopak’s ongoing access to relevant capital markets. The incorporation of sustainability KPIs underlines our mutual commitment towards a more sustainable world. This new revolving credit facility continues to provide the funding flexibility necessary to execute Vopak's business ambitions to grow in our base in industrial and gas terminals and accelerate towards new energies and sustainable feedstocks.""Profile VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more informationVopak - PressLiesbeth Lans  Manager External Communication  global.communication@vopak.comVopak - Analysts and investorsFatjona Topciu  Head of Investor Relations  investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.91,0.03,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['EUR 1 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facility', 'Royal Vopak', 'EUR 1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility', 'EUR 1 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facility', 'two one year extension options', 'leading independent tank storage company', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'new revolving credit facility', 'long duration energy storage', 'Koninklijke Vopak N.V.', 'relevant capital markets', 'Manager External Communication', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'bulk liquid products', 'three key topics', 'growing world population', 'ABN AMRO Bank', 'new vital products', '12 international relationship banks', 'new facility', 'senior management', 'efficient storage', 'new energies', 'sustainable future', 'long-term relationship', 'gas terminals', 'new RCF', 'sustainable world', 'DBS Bank', 'SMBC Bank', 'cleaner energy', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'useful products', 'new syndicate', 'gender diversity', 'initial maturity', 'BNP Paribas', 'JP Morgan', 'Michiel Gilsing', 'Executive Board', 'strong trust', 'mutual commitment', 'funding flexibility', 'business ambitions', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'safe, clean', 'strategic locations', 'infrastructure solutions', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'track record', 'balanced roadmap', 'positive impact', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'current RCF', 'sustainability roadmap', 'sustainability coordinators', 'core banks', 'sustainability KPIs', 'Royal Vopak', 'safety performance', 'five years', 'ongoing access', 'Profile Vopak', 'information Vopak', 'Investor Relations', '400 years', 'Netherlands', 'place', 'June', 'reduction', 'BBVA', 'CIBC', 'Citibank', 'DNB', 'ICBC', 'Rabobank', 'bookrunners', 'transaction', 'Member', 'CFO', 'incorporation', 'base', 'industrial', 'care', 'people', 'homes', 'transportation', 'chemicals', 'companies', 'millions', 'food', 'pride', 'handling', 'gases', 'ammonia', 'change', 'innovation', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'profit', 'Rotterdam', 'Press', 'Analysts', 'investors', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7212,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220630005851/en/Public-Storage-Releases-2022-Sustainability-Report,Public Storage Releases 2022 Sustainability Report,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today the release of its 2022 Sustainability Report detailing how the Company’s engaged and diverse team  innovative and sustainable operations  and financial fortitude continue positionin…,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today the release of its 2022 Sustainability Report detailing how the Company’s engaged and diverse team  innovative and sustainable operations  and financial fortitude continue positioning Public Storage for long-term resilience  growth  and value creation.Sustainability highlights include:Recognition by Forbes and Statista as one of “America’s Best Large Employers” and by Comparably as a “Choice Employer” with an “A+” culture based on employee feedback;Creating new career paths that bolster employee satisfaction through greater role specialization and upward mobility for the property manager and customer care center teams;Increasing diversity representation in the management ranks and formalizing a diversity-hiring policy  thereby strengthening an already diverse and inclusive culture that is 68% female and 52% people of color;Reducing energy consumption  carbon emission  water consumption  and waste production by 5% and 22%  on average  over the past one and three years  respectively  through proactive environmental initiatives; andFormalizing oversight of sustainability initiatives by clarifying the allocation of responsibilities across the Board of Trustees’ committees.“Our nearly 2 800 properties and 5 800 employees are serving our customers and communities with a focus on enhancing our industry-leading digital customer experience  growing through acquisitions  development  and third-party management  and bolstering the resilience of our properties and Company ” said Joe Russell  Chief Executive Officer. “We are pleased to share our progress  commitments  and outlook in the 2022 Sustainability Report.”The report is available on the Sustainability section of PublicStorage.com.Company InformationPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At March 31  2022  we had: (i) interests in 2 797 self-storage facilities located in 39 states with approximately 199 million net rentable square feet in the United States  (ii) an approximate 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self-Storage SA (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 254 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 14 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard® brand  and (iii) an approximate 41% common equity interest in PS Business Parks  Inc. (NYSE:PSB)  which owned and operated approximately 27 million rentable square feet of commercial space at March 31  2022. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.Additional information about Public Storage is available on the Company’s website at PublicStorage.com.,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,positive,0.82,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage Releases', '2022 Sustainability Report', '199 million net rentable square feet', '14 million net rentable square feet', '27 million rentable square feet', 'customer care center teams', 'industry-leading digital customer experience', 'seven Western European nations', 'approximate 35% common equity interest', '41% common equity interest', 'Company Information Public Storage', 'Best Large Employers', 'new career paths', 'greater role specialization', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'proactive environmental initiatives', 'PS Business Parks', 'diverse team, innovative', 'Shurgard Self-Storage SA', 'Additional information', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'sustainability initiatives', 'Shurgard® brand', 'self-storage facilities', 'sustainable operations', 'financial fortitude', 'value creation', 'Sustainability highlights', 'Choice Employer', 'A+” culture', 'employee feedback', 'employee satisfaction', 'upward mobility', 'property manager', 'diversity representation', 'management ranks', 'diversity-hiring policy', 'inclusive culture', 'energy consumption', 'carbon emission', 'water consumption', 'waste production', 'past one', 'three years', 'Trustees’ committees', 'third-party management', 'Joe Russell', 'Sustainability section', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'Euronext Brussels', 'commercial space', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'long-term resilience', 'United States', '39 states', 'GLENDALE', 'Calif.', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'release', 'engaged', 'growth', 'Recognition', 'Forbes', 'Statista', 'America', 'Comparably', '52% people', 'color', 'oversight', 'allocation', 'responsibilities', 'Board', '2,800 properties', '5,800 employees', 'customers', 'communities', 'focus', 'acquisitions', 'development', 'progress', 'commitments', 'outlook', 'PublicStorage', 'member', 'REIT', 'March', 'interests', 'PSB', 'headquarters', 'California', 'website']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7213,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cityam.com/jacobi-asset-management-to-launch-europes-first-bitcoin-etf-on-euronext-amsterdam/,Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam,Jacobi Asset Management will launch the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF - listed on Euronext Amsterdam - from next month.The post Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam appeared first on CityAM.,Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF on Euronext AmsterdamIn a first for Europe  Jacobi Asset Management has announced the launch of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF which will be listing on Euronext Amsterdam  part of Euronext – the leading pan-European marketplace – from July.The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF  which received regulatory approval from the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (GFSC) in October 2021  will begin trading in early July on the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange under the ticker BCOIN.Custodial services will be provided by Fidelity Digital Assets with Flow Traders and DRW facilitating trading as market makers.“The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure ” said Jamie Khurshid  CEO.“Our goal at Jacobi is to make digital asset investments simpler and more familiar for institutional and professional investors. We are delighted to be working with all our premier partners including Fidelity Digital Assets and Flow Traders who have supported us from inception and are an integral part of this European first as we list on Euronext Amsterdam.“This is a significant step forward for Jacobi Asset Management. We have an ambitious vision and look forward to bringing an innovative product pipeline to the market very soon.”Edd Carlton  Institutional Digital Asset Trader at Flow Traders  commented: “We are excited to be acting as lead market maker for Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF  which is another milestone in the development of the institutional digital assets space.“This is also aligned with the growing demand from institutional investors who are looking to diversify their portfolios by adding Bitcoin and other digital assets ” he added.“Flow Traders has been a longstanding supporter of enabling exposure in digital assets and we are delighted to be working with Jacobi Asset Management on this launch.”Legal support through the regulatory and listing process was facilitated by independent Dutch law firm Kennedy Van der Laan.Emanuel van Praag  Attorney from Kennedy Van der Laan said: “The first listed crypto ETF in the EU is indeed a proud achievement and we are happy that we were able to assist Jacobi Asset Management to achieve this goal.”Jacobi Asset Management will provide European institutional and professional investors with access to the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF via a simple investment vehicle for a 1.5% annual management fee.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Europe', 'independent Dutch law firm', 'Kennedy Van der Laan', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Institutional Digital Asset Trader', 'institutional digital assets space', 'Emanuel van Praag', 'digital asset investments', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'Fidelity Digital Assets', 'other digital assets', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'exciting asset class', 'leading pan-European marketplace', 'innovative product pipeline', '1.5% annual management fee', 'simple investment vehicle', 'lead market maker', 'Euronext Amsterdam Exchange', 'crypto ETF', 'Custodial services', 'investment structure', 'institutional investors', 'European institutional', 'Flow Traders', 'market makers', 'underlying performance', 'Jamie Khurshid', 'premier partners', 'significant step', 'ambitious vision', 'Edd Carlton', 'growing demand', 'longstanding supporter', 'Legal support', 'listing process', 'proud achievement', 'professional investors', 'regulatory approval', 'early July', 'integral part', 'launch', 'GFSC', 'October', 'ticker', 'BCOIN', 'DRW', 'trading', 'CEO', 'goal', 'inception', 'milestone', 'development', 'portfolios', 'exposure', 'Attorney', 'access']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,cityam.com
7214,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ambcrypto.com/europe-to-soon-get-its-first-bitcoin-etf-on-euronext/,Europe to soon get its first Bitcoin ETF on Euronext,Cryptocurrencies are popular  despite their wild price swings. Ergo  it is no surprise that Jacobi Asset Management announced on Thursday that it would introduce the first Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) in Europe on the Euronext exchange. The business ann…,Cryptocurrencies are popular  despite their wild price swings. Ergo  it is no surprise that Jacobi Asset Management announced on Thursday that it would introduce the first Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) in Europe on the Euronext exchange.The business announced that its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF would begin trading on Euronext Amsterdam in July under the ticker symbol “BCOIN.” Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid  a former Goldman Sachs banker said “The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure.”So  what will change now?CEO Jamie Khurshid founded Jacobi Asset Management in 2021. The company has experience in managing digital assets and is made up of “a diversified team of blockchain  technical  investment  and regulatory specialists.”Khurshid added “Our goal at Jacobi is to make digital asset investments simpler and more familiar for institutional and professional investors.”A spot Bitcoin ETF’s listing  according to Edd Carlton  an institutional digital asset trader at Flow Traders  “matched with the growing demand from institutional investors.” In fact  in the U.S  there have been calls for a spot Bitcoin ETF for many years.However  only three foreign exchange-traded funds have been introduced thus far in Canada  Brazil  and Jersey  and they are all substantially smaller than a majority of U.S-based ETFs. The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be the largest spot Bitcoin ETF in the world  building on the spot ETFs in smaller markets.More accessibility to Bitcoin nowThe selection of ETFs available to European investors is less extensive than those available to U.S investors. In fact  only between 15% and 20% of retail investors in Europe utilize ETFs  compared to 40% of those in the U.S.However  the decision to permit a spot Bitcoin ETF in Europe will probably open up a previously closed channel of entry for organizations like pension funds  mutual funds  and insurance companies. Given the paucity of alternatives for investing in Bitcoin through conventional channels  a spot Bitcoin ETF may become quite popular in Europe.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.2,0.28,0.52,True,English,"['first Bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'former Goldman Sachs banker', 'first Bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'three foreign exchange-traded funds', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'largest spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'institutional digital asset trader', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'exciting asset class', 'digital asset investments', 'wild price swings', 'trusted investment structure', 'U.S-based ETFs', 'U.S investors', 'digital assets', 'U.S.', 'spot ETFs', 'pension funds', 'mutual funds', 'technical, investment', 'institutional investors', 'Euronext exchange', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'underlying performance', 'diversified team', 'regulatory specialists', 'professional investors', 'Edd Carlton', 'Flow Traders', 'growing demand', 'many years', 'smaller markets', 'European investors', 'retail investors', 'insurance companies', 'conventional channels', 'Cryptocurrencies', 'Ergo', 'surprise', 'Thursday', 'business', 'trading', 'July', 'BCOIN', 'company', 'experience', 'blockchain', 'goal', 'listing', 'fact', 'calls', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'Jersey', 'majority', 'world', 'More', 'accessibility', 'selection', 'decision', 'entry', 'organizations', 'paucity', 'alternatives']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,ambcrypto.com
7215,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.ndtv.com/business/this-firm-to-launch-europes-first-bitcoin-exchange-traded-fund-3114496,This Firm To Launch Europe's First Bitcoin Exchange-Traded-Fund,The company said its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF would start trading in July on Euronext Amsterdam under the symbol of 'BCOIN'.,"Earlier this month  Bitcoin fell to as low as $17 592.78.Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe's first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange  in a sign of the cryptocurrency's appeal despite its volatile price swings.The company said its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF would start trading in July on Euronext Amsterdam under the symbol of 'BCOIN'.""The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure "" said Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid  a former Goldman Sachs banker.Earlier this month  Bitcoin fell to as low as $17 592.78  dropping below $20 000 for the first time since December 2020.Bitcoin  the largest digital currency  is down about 70% from its high of around $69 000 in November.Other cryptocurrencies have also plunged in recent months as investors dump assets deemed as relatively high-risk in favour of safe-haven assets such as gold in response to rising inflation and tighter monetary policies by major central banks.Earlier this month  ProShares announced plans to launch an ETF aimed at 'shorting' bitcoin - namely betting on a future fall in its value  while the U.S. securities regulator rejected a proposal to list a spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) by Grayscale  one of the world's biggest digital asset managers  on the NYSE Arca exchange.(Except for the headline  this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['First Bitcoin Exchange-Traded-Fund', 'Firm', 'Europe', 'former Goldman Sachs banker', 'U.S. securities regulator', 'Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'biggest digital asset managers', 'spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'largest digital currency', 'exciting asset class', 'volatile price swings', 'tighter monetary policies', 'major central banks', 'NYSE Arca exchange', 'first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund', 'Euronext exchange', 'first time', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying performance', 'investment structure', 'Other cryptocurrencies', 'recent months', 'rising inflation', 'future fall', 'NDTV staff', 'syndicated feed', 'safe-haven assets', 'Thursday', 'Europe', 'sign', 'cryptocurrency', 'appeal', 'company', 'July', 'symbol', 'BCOIN', 'investors', 'December', 'high', 'November', 'favour', 'response', 'ProShares', 'plans', 'value', 'proposal', 'Grayscale', 'world', 'headline', 'story']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,ndtv.com
7216,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220630005823/en/MotorK-Posting-of-Circular-and-Notice-of-General-Meeting-Related-to-a-Share-Buyback-Programme-and-Reduction-of-Capital,MotorK: Posting of Circular and Notice of General Meeting Related to a Share Buyback Programme and Reduction of Capital,"LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: MotorK plc (AMS: MTRK)  a leading SaaS provider for the automotive retail industry in the EMEA region  announces that a circular together with a notice of general meeting (the ""General Meeting"")  in relation to a prop…","LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MotorK plc (AMS: MTRK)  a leading SaaS provider for the automotive retail industry in the EMEA region  announces that a circular together with a notice of general meeting (the ""General Meeting"")  in relation to a proposed share buy-back and a reduction of capital (the ""Notice"")  together with a form of proxy  have today each been sent to or otherwise made available to shareholders and are available to view or download on the Company's website: https://investors.motork.io/.The General Meeting will be held at 1:00 p.m. (CEST) on Monday  18 July 2022 as a fully virtual meeting.The proposed share buy-back  if approved  would authorize the Company to buy back its own ordinary shares by way of off-market purchases on Euronext Amsterdam and via block trades up to a maximum aggregate value of €3 000 000. The proposed buy-back may only be made pursuant to a form of a buy-back contract the terms of which have been approved by shareholders in accordance with section 694 of the Companies Act 2006 and will be executed independently from the Company by a financial institution. Any shares so repurchased shall be treated as cancelled pursuant to section 706(b) of the Companies Act 2006.The proposed reduction of capital  by way of the cancellation of an amount equal to €4 000 000 standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account   if approved  would create additional distributable reserves to provide a prudent margin for variation in the Company's distributable reserves requirements going forward (including in respect of any future buyback programmes).The Reduction of Capital is conditional upon shareholders passing the special resolution set out in the Notice  as well as the approval of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales.Voting at the General Meeting will be conducted on a poll which means that you should submit your proxy as soon as possible. Full details of the operation and arrangements for the General Meeting  including how to vote  speak and attend the General Meeting  are set out in the Notice. Any questions which shareholders wish to raise should be submitted to generalmeetings@motork.io in advance with the heading ""GM Question"".The electronic platform that will be used to host the GM will allow shareholders the option to submit a separate poll card at the electronic meeting but  to ease administration  we request that proxies be lodged in advance wherever possible.A copy of the proposed buy-back contract will be made available for shareholders to inspect at the Company's registered office at 124 City Road  London  United Kingdom  EC1V 2NX during normal business hours on any weekday (public holidays excluded) with effect from the date of this announcement until the conclusion of General Meeting.ABOUT MOTORK PLCMotorK (AMS: MTRK) is a leading software as a service (“SaaS”) provider for the automotive retail industry in the EMEA region  with over 400 employees and eleven offices in eight countries (Italy  Spain  France  Germany  Portugal  the UK  Belgium and Israel). MotorK empowers car manufacturers and dealers to improve their customer experience through a broad suite of fully integrated digital products and services. MotorK provides its customers with an innovative combination of digital solutions  SaaS cloud products and the largest R&D department in the automotive digital sales and marketing industry in Europe. MotorK is a company registered in England and Wales. Registered office: 124 City Road  London  EC1V 2NX - Company Registration: 9259000. For more information: www.motork.io or www.investors.motork.io.REGULATED INFORMATIONThis press release contains information that qualifies or may qualify as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU).",neutral,0.03,0.7,0.27,negative,0.03,0.35,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Programme', 'General Meeting', 'MotorK', 'Posting', 'Circular', 'Notice', 'Reduction', 'Capital', 'largest R&D department', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'maximum aggregate value', 'additional distributable reserves', 'distributable reserves requirements', 'future buyback programmes', 'integrated digital products', 'SaaS cloud products', 'normal business hours', 'share premium account', 'separate poll card', 'automotive digital sales', 'leading SaaS provider', 'automotive retail industry', 'The General Meeting', 'SaaS”) provider', 'market purchases', 'digital solutions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'leading software', 'marketing industry', 'share buy-back', 'virtual meeting', 'electronic meeting', 'Regulatory News', 'EMEA region', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'block trades', 'Companies Act', 'financial institution', 'prudent margin', 'special resolution', 'High Court', 'Full details', 'electronic platform', 'registered office', '124 City Road', 'United Kingdom', 'EC1V 2NX', 'public holidays', 'eleven offices', 'eight countries', 'car manufacturers', 'customer experience', 'broad suite', 'innovative combination', 'press release', 'buy-back contract', 'ordinary shares', 'GM Question', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'inside information', 'MotorK plc', 'Company Registration', 'motork.io', 'LONDON', 'MTRK', 'circular', 'notice', 'relation', 'reduction', 'capital', 'proxy', 'shareholders', 'website', 'investors', 'CEST', 'Monday', 'July', 'way', 'terms', 'accordance', 'section', 'cancellation', 'amount', 'credit', 'variation', 'respect', 'approval', 'Justice', 'England', 'Wales', 'Voting', 'operation', 'arrangements', 'questions', 'generalmeetings', 'advance', 'heading', 'option', 'administration', 'proxies', 'copy', 'weekday', 'effect', 'date', 'announcement', 'conclusion', 'service', '400 employees', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Portugal', 'UK', 'Belgium', 'Israel', 'dealers', 'customers', 'Europe', 'meaning', 'Article', '1:00']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7217,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vgp-announces-signature-first-acquisition-160000843.html,VGP Announces the Signature of its First Acquisition Project in France  with VALGO,PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information June 30  2022  18:00 CET  Petit-Couronne  France: VGP NV (“VGP” or “the Group”) and VALGO signed an agreement to purchase...,"VGP NVPRESS RELEASERegulated InformationJune 30  2022  18:00 CET  Petit-Couronne  France: VGP NV (“VGP” or “the Group”) and VALGO signed an agreement to purchase 32 hectares of land that housed the former Petroplus refining units in Petit-Couronne  near Rouen. This brownfield rehabilitation project is fully in line with VGP's core expertise and strategy. Thanks to the six years ownership of the site by VALGO and its expertise in asbestos removal  soil and water table decontamination  in-situ waste treatment and development  this area has now become a suitable site for the development of new industries and business activities.On the banks of the river Seine and close to the A13 highway  the 32-hectare area of land offers its future users a highly strategic location. Following the extensive depollution work carried out by VALGO  the site is now ready for redevelopment. VGP expanded into France only a few months ago and is delighted to start its French business activities in the dynamic Rouen Normandy metropolis area  via this major project. In total  around 150 000 m² of land are set to be redeveloped to accommodate industrial and logistics projects  with work due to begin in 2023.Collaboration with local authorities is an absolute priority for the Group  since development projects directly impact their surroundings. In Petit-Couronne  the revitalization of this brownfield site will therefore be an opportunity to help stimulate the area in terms of employment and so meet the economic and environmental challenges of the Rouen region. Aurélien Coudert  General Manager of VGP France  is delighted that the Group’s first steps in France are being taken in partnership with VALGO and is convinced by the attractiveness of the region and its development potential.VGP and VALGO are also joining forces to implement an ambitious and innovative environmental policy. Through a policy of innovation serving clients and geographies  VGP puts the challenges of energy efficiency  carbon footprint reduction and sustainable buildings at the heart of its projects. The company is committed to being carbon neutral by 2025 and is also aiming for BREEAM Excellent building certification  as well as green energy production on its projects. In addition  the VGP Foundation  created in 2019  already supports 29 projects that address issues around access to education  biodiversity preservation and the protection of cultural heritage.Story continuesJan Van Geet  CEO VGP:“VGP is delighted to begin its business activities in France on a site as exceptional as this one  with strong economic and environmental ambitions that are shared by both our partner  VALGO  and the local authorities. As the rehabilitation of brownfield sites is at the heart of our business  this project is a great opportunity for us to deploy our industrial and logistical know-how. The uncertain geopolitical situation and the rise in transport prices mean that companies are increasingly looking for local support to start their business. In this context  we strongly believe in the relevance of our integrated model with a long-term vision. We are now eager to get to work and bring all the expertise of the Group to the project.""François Bouché  CEO VALGO:""We are delighted that this huge piece of land has been sold to a major investor with experience in redeveloping brownfields in Europe. However  I would first like to celebrate the work of the men and women who worked so hard to make this colossal project a success. It took more than 1 million hours and over €60 million in investment by VALGO to turn the page on over 80 years of refining on this site  which already employs 600 people.”VGP is advised on this project by the legal practices Cheuvreux (Eric Hervy)  Ireo (Marine Javelle) and EOL (Jean-François Mounic).CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations VGP Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Petra VanclovaExternal Communications VGP Tel: +32 (0)3 289 14 32petra.vanclova@vgpparks.eu Apolline ThomassetEsprit des Sens voor VGP Tel: +33 6 19 42 57 83a.thomasset@eds-groupe.com Caroline CazanaveVALGO Tel: +33 6 98 35 08 99caroline.cazanave@valgo.comABOUT VGP AND VALGOVGP is a pan-European developer  manager and owner of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. The company has a development land bank (owned or committed) of 11.28 million m² and the strategic focus is on the development of business parks. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 360 FTEs today operates in 16 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of December 2021  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 5.75 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.33 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957). For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.euVALGO is an international SME that has been working in the environmental sector since 2004 and is headquartered in France. VALGO  ""Doctor to the earth and buildings""  has set itself a mission to heal the earth and revitalize brownfields and industrial sites while preserving biodiversity  through its unique model: VALGOrisation. Created by VALGO  this unique model integrates all the links in the value chain into a turnkey solution that allows key accounts and public and private organizations to upgrade their environmental deficit and create sustainable projects that also respect business considerations. To date  more than a thousand clients have trusted us to make their projects environmentally responsible and economically sustainable.​With target revenues of €100 million in 2022  VALGO ensures its business mission remains local through its 12 offices in France (including 1 on Reunion Island) and its 6 international subsidiaries  working for key accounts with the aim of spreading its unique expertise as a ""Doctor to the Earth"" and providing solutions for a more sustainable world. www.valgo.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.82,0.15,0.03,True,English,"['First Acquisition Project', 'VGP', 'Signature', 'France', 'VALGO', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'dynamic Rouen Normandy metropolis area', 'BREEAM Excellent building certification', 'PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information', 'former Petroplus refining units', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'water table decontamination', 'situ waste treatment', 'Aurélien Coudert', 'carbon footprint reduction', 'Jan Van Geet', 'uncertain geopolitical situation', 'François Bouché', 'Jean-François Mounic', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'green energy production', 'six years ownership', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'extensive depollution work', 'External Communications VGP', 'Sens voor VGP', 'French business activities', 'innovative environmental policy', 'integrated business model', 'development land bank', 'brownfield rehabilitation project', 'Investor Relations VGP', 'integrated model', 'value chain', 'energy efficiency', 'environmental ambitions', 'brownfield sites', '32-hectare area', 'Rouen region', 'asbestos removal', 'new industries', 'A13 highway', 'future users', 'strategic location', 'local authorities', 'absolute priority', 'first steps', 'sustainable buildings', 'biodiversity preservation', 'cultural heritage', 'logistical know-how', 'transport prices', 'local support', 'long-term vision', 'huge piece', 'major investor', 'redeveloping brownfields', '1 million hours', 'legal practices', 'Eric Hervy', 'Marine Javelle', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'high-quality logistics', 'strategic focus', 'business parks', 'Czech Republic', '16 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'environmental challenges', 'major project', 'development potential', 'colossal project', 'VGP NV', 'VGP Foundation', 'CEO VGP', 'core expertise', 'General Manager', 'strong economic', 'great opportunity', 'Apolline Thomasset', 'longstanding expertise', '11.28 million m²', 'logistics projects', 'suitable site', 'CEO VALGO', 'development projects', 'Petra Vanclova', 'Caroline Cazanave', 'VGP France', '80 years', '150,000 m²', '29 projects', '18:00 CET', 'Petit-Couronne', 'Group', 'agreement', '32 hectares', 'strategy', 'soil', 'banks', 'river', 'Seine', 'redevelopment', 'total', 'Collaboration', 'surroundings', 'revitalization', 'terms', 'employment', 'partnership', 'attractiveness', 'forces', 'ambitious', 'innovation', 'clients', 'geographies', 'heart', 'company', 'addition', 'issues', 'access', 'education', 'protection', 'Story', 'rise', 'companies', 'context', 'relevance', 'experience', 'women', 'investment', 'page', '600 people', 'Cheuvreux', 'Ireo', 'EOL', 'INVESTORS', 'Tel', 'vgpparks', 'Esprit', 'capabilities', 'staff', '360 FTEs', 'December', 'ISIN', '33']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7218,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-eur-171500389.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED June 2022 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDJune 202 2 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in June 2022.Figure of the share buy back programme for June 2022Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in June 2022 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 316 588Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 130 254 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 446 84230 June 2022For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.13,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'Transaction', 'June 2022 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', '30 June', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7219,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-gbp-171500311.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED June 2022 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDJune 202 2 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in June 2022.Figure of the share buy back programme for June 2022Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in June 2022 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 316 588Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 130 254 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 446 84230 June 2022For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.13,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'June 2022 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'general authority', 'GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', '30 June', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finance.yahoo.com
7220,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/jacobi-asset-management-to-launch-europes-first-bitcoin-etf-on-euronext-1049707,Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe’s first bitcoin ETF on Euronext,BRUSSELS (Reuters) -   Investment company Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe&#039;s first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange  in a further sign of the cryptocurrency&#039;s appeal despite its volatile…,The company said its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF would start trading in July on Euronext Amsterdam under the symbol of ‘BCOIN’.“The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure ” said Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid  a former Goldman Sachs banker.Earlier this month  Bitcoin fell to as low as $17 592.78  dropping below $20 000 for the first time since December 2020.Bitcoin  the largest digital currency  is down about 70% from its high of around $69 000 in November.Other cryptocurrencies have also plunged in recent months as investors dump assets deemed as relatively high-risk in favour of safe-haven assets such as gold in response to rising inflation and tighter monetary policies by major central banks.Earlier this month  ProShares announced plans to launch an ETF aimed at ‘shorting’ bitcoin – namely betting on a future fall in its value  while the U.S. securities regulator rejected a proposal to list a spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) by Grayscale  one of the world’s biggest digital asset managers  on the NYSE Arca exchange.(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; editing by Jacqueline Wong and Jason Neely),neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'first bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'former Goldman Sachs banker', 'U.S. securities regulator', 'Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'biggest digital asset managers', 'spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'exciting asset class', 'largest digital currency', 'tighter monetary policies', 'major central banks', 'NYSE Arca exchange', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying performance', 'investment structure', 'first time', 'Other cryptocurrencies', 'recent months', 'rising inflation', 'future fall', 'Sudip Kar-Gupta', 'Jacqueline Wong', 'Jason Neely', 'safe-haven assets', 'company', 'trading', 'July', 'symbol', 'BCOIN', 'investors', 'December', 'high', 'November', 'favour', 'response', 'ProShares', 'plans', 'value', 'proposal', 'Grayscale', 'world', 'editing']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,fxempire.com
7221,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://stockhouse.com/news/press-releases/2022/06/29/atari-unveils-atari-50-the-anniversary-celebration-an-interactive-atari-library,2022-06-29 | EXPM:PONGF | Press Release | Atari SA - Stockhouse,<ol><li>2022-06-29 | EXPM:PONGF | Press Release | Atari SA  Stockhouse</li><li>'Atari 50' Brings Almost 100 Classic Games To Xbox This November  Pure Xbox</li><li>Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration Features Over 90 Titles  Including Jaguar And Lynx Gam…,The History of Atari Told Through Never-Before-Seen Content  Classically-inspired Experimental Games  All-New Interviews  and a Selection of Seminal Retro FavoritesNEW YORK  June 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — unveiled today Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration  an interactive game experience coming this November to PC and consoles. Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration is a robust interactive history of Atari and the creative individuals who set the video game industry in motion told through a combination of classic and modern games  videos  and unpublished interviews.“We cannot think of a better way to celebrate our golden anniversary than to share the decades of fun  innovation  and talent with our fans worldwide through this truly remarkable collection ” said Atari CEO Wade Rosen. “To say it’s an honor to bring this collection to life is an understatement. I speak for everyone at Atari when I say we are elated to share this new Atari experience with the world as our 50th-anniversary celebration.”Far more than just a collection of games  Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration is a true interactive history of the iconic publisher and a celebration of the small team in Silicon Valley who combined their creativity  curiosity  and passion  resulting in what would be Atari. Through an interactive linear timeline  players access a trove of over 90 video games organized by era  as well as various files and assets  including early development sketches  hardware schematics  internal memos  images  videos  and other “artifacts ” much of which have never been accessible by the public. Behind every game are the stories of Atari  what was happening at the company  what went into the creation of the games  and the hardware they ran on—told by the people who were there.Unlike any other video game collection in existence  Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration emulates eight different Atari hardware platforms in one package—a true feat by the development team at Digital Eclipse. The collection includes titles drawn from five decades — a library of published works that represent the evolution of game development and the Atari games that influenced what would become the video game industry as we know it today.Key Features of Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration Include:Artifacts: A rich collection of discoverable photos  sketches  early marketing materials  and even classic console schematics are accessed by uncovering relevant points on the interactive Atari timeline  all of which put Atari’s library of games in historical context.A rich collection of discoverable photos  sketches  early marketing materials  and even classic console schematics are accessed by uncovering relevant points on the interactive Atari timeline  all of which put Atari’s library of games in historical context. Video Games by Era: Explore the Atari timeline and unlock games across decades as you learn the background of each  including their inception and the talented individuals behind the projects on six platforms: Atari 2600  Atari 5200  Atari 7800  Atari ST  Atari Jaguar  and Atari Lynx.Explore the Atari timeline and unlock games across decades as you learn the background of each  including their inception and the talented individuals behind the projects on six platforms: Atari 2600  Atari 5200  Atari 7800  Atari ST  Atari Jaguar  and Atari Lynx. Bonus Games: Unlocked through completing challenges and uncovering certain Artifacts  bonus games include dozens of newly finished “never-completed” games from the 1980s  experimental new versions of classic titles  and mash-ups that marry beloved early-era titles into a single  fluid experience.Unlocked through completing challenges and uncovering certain Artifacts  bonus games include dozens of newly finished “never-completed” games from the 1980s  experimental new versions of classic titles  and mash-ups that marry beloved early-era titles into a single  fluid experience. Expert Insight Through Storytelling: The collection is outfitted with a handful of various never-before-seen interviews with Atari leadership  past and present  as well as other prolific names in the games industry; complemented  of course  by the video game developers who helped raise Atari to become an industry icon.The collection is outfitted with a handful of various never-before-seen interviews with Atari leadership  past and present  as well as other prolific names in the games industry; complemented  of course  by the video game developers who helped raise Atari to become an industry icon. Reimagined and Revisited: The team at Digital Eclipse created five new games for the collection that reimagine some of the most beloved Atari classics or play on classic game themes  including Haunted House  Neo Breakout  Yars’ Revenge  Vctr Sctr  and the infamously never-finished Airworld.Developed Digital Eclipse  Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration will be available in November 2022 on Nintendo Switch  Xbox One and Series X|S  PlayStation 4|5  and Windows PC via Steam and Epic Games Store.A full press kit for Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration can be accessed here: https://uberstrategist.link/Atari-50-Celebration-Game-pkit.To stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook  Twitter  and Instagram.About AtariAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online atwww.Atari.com.Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Paris (Compartment C  ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ATA) and will be eligible for trading on Euronext Growth on June 30  2022 (Ticker ALATA).©2022 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.PRESS CONTACTUberStrategist Inc.Jessica Timms and Tabitha Beidlemanpr@uberstrategist.com1-646-844-8388,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,positive,0.71,0.22,0.07,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Atari SA', 'EXPM', 'PONGF', 'Stockhouse', 'eight different Atari hardware platforms', 'Atari CEO Wade Rosen', 'other video game collection', 'Seminal Retro Favorites', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'early marketing materials', 'single, fluid experience', 'other prolific names', 'Series X|S', 'interactive game experience', 'video game developers', 'interactive linear timeline', 'iconic consumer brands', 'The Anniversary Celebration', 'robust interactive history', 'experimental new versions', 'beloved early-era titles', 'classic game themes', 'classic console schematics', 'video game industry', 'true interactive history', 'beloved Atari classics', 'new Atari experience', 'interactive Atari timeline', 'early development sketches', 'five new games', 'hardware schematics', 'game development', 'six platforms', 'golden anniversary', 'NEW YORK', '50th-anniversary celebration', '90 video games', 'classic titles', 'iconic publisher', 'true feat', 'New Interviews', 'Experimental Games', 'industry icon', 'other “artifacts', 'games industry', 'Seen Content', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'creative individuals', 'Silicon Valley', 'internal memos', 'one package', 'development team', 'Digital Eclipse', 'Key Features', 'discoverable photos', 'relevant points', 'historical context', 'talented individuals', 'Expert Insight', 'Haunted House', 'Neo Breakout', 'Yars’ Revenge', 'Vctr Sctr', 'Nintendo Switch', 'Xbox One', 'unpublished interviews', 'five decades', 'seen interviews', 'modern games', 'Bonus Games', 'completed” games', 'small team', 'Atari ST', 'Atari Jaguar', 'Atari Lynx', 'Atari leadership', 'remarkable collection', 'rich collection', 'Atari games', 'various files', 'Atari®', 'Selection', 'world', 'PC', 'consoles', 'motion', 'combination', 'videos', 'way', 'fun', 'innovation', 'fans', 'honor', 'life', 'understatement', 'everyone', 'creativity', 'curiosity', 'passion', 'players', 'trove', 'assets', 'images', 'public', 'stories', 'company', 'creation', 'people', 'existence', 'library', 'works', 'evolution', 'background', 'inception', 'projects', 'challenges', 'dozens', '1980s', 'mash-ups', 'Storytelling', 'handful', 'present', 'course', 'November']",2022-06-29,2022-06-30,stockhouse.com
7222,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220630005160/en/Thales-Introduces-S3NS-in-Partnership-With-Google-Cloud-and-Unveils-Its-Offering-in-a-First-Step-Towards-the-French-Trusted-Cloud-Label,Thales Introduces S3NS in Partnership With Google Cloud and Unveils Its Offering in a First Step Towards the French Trusted Cloud Label,PARIS  LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales introduces S3NS in partnership with Google Cloud and unveils its offering in a first step towards the French Trusted Cloud label,"PARIS  LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales announced today the creation of S3NS  a French company designed to offer public and private organizations in France the power of Google Cloud  fully compliant with France's “Trusted Cloud” label  in partnership with Google Cloud.The new company  majority owned and controlled by Thales  is under French law and follows the October 2021 partnership announcement between Thales and Google Cloud to jointly develop a locally-compliant Trusted Cloud offering. Thales and Google Cloud are committed to helping companies and public institutions to innovate and accelerate their digital transformation in ways that afford autonomy  compliant sovereignty  and the greatest possible benefits for their customers and users.Meeting the French “Trusted Cloud”S3NS will offer from the second half of 2024 its “trusted cloud” offering that will ultimately combine full performance  services and applications of Google Cloud technology while allowing protection against extraterritorial foreign laws and in compliance with the requirements of the “Trusted Cloud” label of France’s Information Systems Security Agency (ANSSI) in the frame of the French State strategy. S3NS will directly operate three data centers to ensure data and workload localisation in France. Both data center availability and engineering assistance will be available this year already and the recruitment of engineers who will operate the “Trusted Cloud” will begin.A first milestone with an offering already availableS3NS' first offering is ""Local control with S3NS""  which will offer Google Cloud customers in France continued high public cloud performance  with added capabilities to localize clients’ data in France or in Europe  as needed or preferred. Customers will be able to restrict data access for administrative service and technical support solely to European Union locations. Cryptographic control of data access can be achieved with external encryption key management from S3NS. This first offering brings compliance with additional automation to simplify operations  along with additional auditability and transparency to increase customer confidence in cloud operations.Committing partners alreadyTo best support customers in this transition to the “Trusted Cloud”  S3NS is finalizing specific partnership agreements with various players in France's growing digital ecosystem. Partners will be able to support S3NS customers in their cloud and digital sovereignty strategy  as they migrate and operate their workloads and applications securely  with the help of S3NS’ and other managed services.“The S3NS offering is the best of both worlds: the agility and wide range of services of a cloud hyperscaler combined with the security and data protection of a cybersecurity leader. This step marks the beginning of a technological and industrial adventure which will engage all the French economic players attached to a trusted solution. As a leader in critical information systems  Thales is once again demonstrating its ability to be a driving force in disruptive technologies.” Marc Darmon  Executive Vice President  Secure Communications and Information Systems at Thales.“The creation of S3NS  progress on the definition of our Trusted Cloud offering and the availability of our 'Local controls with S3NS' is the result of many months of collaboration between Thales and the Google Cloud teams. This is a first step and a first milestone this year  before our future solution in compliance with the French 'Trusted Cloud' criteria  which we are working on in parallel. Our objective is to be the first to make such an offering available for certification and based on hyperscale cloud technology. 'Local Controls with S3NS' enables our customers to start their journey to the trusted cloud now.” Cyprien Falque  Managing director of S3NS.“We are very proud to support our partner Thales and its subsidiary S3NS and its first offering in the French market. This collaboration between our teams reflects on the one hand an understanding of the expectations related to digital sovereignty  and on the other hand a real technological trajectory. We confirm the commitments made together in 2021 and will continue to support digital transformation with offers that combine security and sovereignty  without compromising on performance.” Thomas Kurian  CEO at Google Cloud.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum computing – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organisations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfil their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021 the Group generated sales of €16.2 billion.PLEASE VISITThales GroupSecurityhttps://www.s3ns.io/https://www.linkedin.com/company/s3nscloud/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['French Trusted Cloud Label', 'Google Cloud', 'First Step', 'Thales', 'S3NS', 'Partnership', 'Offering', 'external encryption key management', ""French 'Trusted Cloud' criteria"", 'Information Systems Security Agency', 'high public cloud performance', 'compliant Trusted Cloud offering', 'LA DÉFENSE', 'greatest possible benefits', 'extraterritorial foreign laws', 'European Union locations', 'Executive Vice President', 'deep tech” innovations', 'French State strategy', 'hyperscale cloud technology', 'critical information systems', 'October 2021 partnership announcement', 'specific partnership agreements', 'Trusted Cloud” label', 'French economic players', 'growing digital ecosystem', 'three data centers', 'French “Trusted Cloud', 'real technological trajectory', 'Google Cloud technology', 'digital sovereignty strategy', 'data center availability', 'other managed services', 'Google Cloud teams', 'Google Cloud customers', 'The S3NS offering', 'compliant sovereignty', 'trusted solution', 'French company', 'French law', 'French market', 'cloud hyperscaler', 'various players', 'other hand', 'critical role', 'public institutions', 'full performance', 'digital transformation', 'digital identity', 'clients’ data', 'data access', 'big data', 'first offering', 'cloud operations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'private organizations', 'new company', 'second half', 'workload localisation', 'engineering assistance', 'first milestone', 'Local control', 'administrative service', 'technical support', 'Cryptographic control', 'additional automation', 'additional auditability', 'customer confidence', 'wide range', 'industrial adventure', 'driving force', 'disruptive technologies', 'Marc Darmon', 'Secure Communications', 'many months', 'future solution', 'Cyprien Falque', 'Managing director', 'one hand', 'Thomas Kurian', 'advanced technologies', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum computing', 'confident future', 'The Group', 'security domains', 'global leader', 'data protection', 'first step', 'Euronext Paris', 'cybersecurity leader', 'S3NS customers', 'creation', 'France', 'power', 'Thales', 'companies', 'ways', 'autonomy', 'users', 'applications', 'compliance', 'requirements', 'ANSSI', 'frame', 'recruitment', 'engineers', 'capabilities', 'transparency', 'transition', 'workloads', 'help', 'worlds', 'agility', 'beginning', 'definition', 'result', 'collaboration', 'parallel', 'objective', 'certification', 'journey', 'subsidiary', 'understanding', 'expectations', 'commitments', 'offers', 'CEO', 'connectivity', 'development', 'societies', 'businesses', 'organisations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'solutions', 'products', 'consideration', 'individual', 'decisions', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'sales']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,businesswire.com
7223,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cryptoslate.com/first-spot-bitcoin-etf-approved-to-launch-in-europe-in-july/,First Spot Bitcoin ETF approved to launch in Europe in July,Jacobi Asset Management has announced it will launch a European spot bitcoin ETF this July. The post First Spot Bitcoin ETF approved to launch in Europe in July appeared first on CryptoSlate.,Jacobi Asset Management has announced it will launch a European spot bitcoin ETF this July. The exchange-traded fund will be named the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF and listed on Euronext Amerstdam.European i… [+3158 chars],neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'July', 'European spot bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'exchange-traded fund', 'Euronext Amerstdam', '3158 chars']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,cryptoslate.com
7224,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-may-2022-monthly-factsheet-301578121.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited May 2022 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON  June 30  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for May 2022. Net Asset Value: $2 710m Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.03 Share Price (TFG NA): $10.30 Monthly NAV per share total return: -1.4% Monthly Return on Equity: -0.9%…,LONDON  June 30  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for May 2022.Net Asset Value: $2 710mFully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.03Share Price (TFG NA): $10.30Monthly NAV per share total return: -1.4%Monthly Return on Equity: -0.9%Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11Dividend yield: 4.1%Please refer to important disclosures on page 3 of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.May 2022 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners [email protected] United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'Net Asset Value', 'collective investment scheme', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Fully Diluted NAV', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'share total return', 'investment objective', 'TFG NA', 'Monthly NAV', 'Monthly Return', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'important disclosures', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'distressed securities', 'structured credit', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'various credit', 'public register', 'stable returns', 'public offer', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'May', 'Equity', 'page', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'inflation', 'information', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7225,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/93213/jacobi-asset-management-to-launch-bitcoin-etf-on-euronext-amsterdam,Jacobi Asset Management to launch bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam,In a first for Europe  Jacobi Asset Management (Jacobi) announces the launch of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF (the “ETF”) (BCOIN  ISIN: GG00BMTPK874) which will be listing on Euronext Amsterdam  part of Euronext  the leading pan-European marketplace from July.,Source: JacobiIn a first for Europe  Jacobi Asset Management (Jacobi) announces the launch of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF (the “ETF”) (BCOIN  ISIN: GG00BMTPK874) which will be listing on Euronext Amsterdam  part of Euronext  the leading pan-European marketplace from July.The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF  which received regulatory approval from the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (GFSC) in October 2021  will begin trading in July on the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange under the ticker BCOIN. Custodial services will be provided by Fidelity Digital AssetsSM with Flow Traders and DRW facilitating trading as market makers.CEO Jamie Khurshid said: “The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure. Our goal at Jacobi is to make digital asset investments simpler and more familiar for institutional and professional investors. We are delighted to be working with all our premier partners including Fidelity Digital Assets and Flow Traders who have supported us from inception and are an integral part of this European first as we list on Euronext Amsterdam”.He added: “This is a significant step forward for Jacobi Asset Management. We have an ambitious vision and look forward to bringing an innovative product pipeline to the market very soon.”“We are excited to be acting as lead market maker for Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF  which is another milestone in the development of the institutional digital assets space. This is also aligned with the growing demand from institutional investors who are looking to diversify their portfolios by adding Bitcoin and other digital assets. Flow Traders has been a longstanding supporter of enabling exposure in digital assets and we are delighted to be working with Jacobi Asset Management on this launch.” commented Edd Carlton  Institutional Digital Asset Trader at Flow Traders.Legal support through the regulatory and listing process was facilitated by independent Dutch law firm Kennedy Van der Laan.Emanuel van Praag  Attorney from Kennedy Van der Laan commented: “The first listed crypto ETF in the EU is indeed a proud achievement and we are happy that we were able to assist Jacobi Asset Management to achieve this goal.”Jacobi Asset Management will provide European institutional and professional investors with access to the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF via a simple investment vehicle for a 1.5% annual management fee.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'independent Dutch law firm', 'Kennedy Van der Laan', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Institutional Digital Asset Trader', 'institutional digital assets space', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Emanuel van Praag', 'digital asset investments', 'Fidelity Digital AssetsSM', 'other digital assets', 'exciting asset class', 'leading pan-European marketplace', 'CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'innovative product pipeline', '1.5% annual management fee', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'simple investment vehicle', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'lead market maker', 'Euronext Amsterdam Exchange', 'Custodial services', 'crypto ETF', 'European institutional', 'investment structure', 'European first', 'institutional investors', 'Flow Traders', 'market makers', 'underlying performance', 'premier partners', 'significant step', 'ambitious vision', 'growing demand', 'longstanding supporter', 'Edd Carlton', 'Legal support', 'listing process', 'proud achievement', 'professional investors', 'regulatory approval', 'integral part', 'Source', 'launch', 'BCOIN', 'ISIN', 'July', 'GFSC', 'October', 'trading', 'ticker', 'DRW', 'goal', 'inception', 'milestone', 'development', 'portfolios', 'exposure', 'Attorney', 'access']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,finextra.com
7226,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pernod-ricard-doubles-down-on-american-whiskey-301578842.html,PERNOD RICARD DOUBLES DOWN ON AMERICAN WHISKEY,"""American Whiskey Collective"" Created to Drive Growth for Jefferson's  Rabbit Hole  Smooth Ambler and TX Whiskeys NEW YORK  June 30  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Capitalizing on the strong growth – and growth potential -- of its American whiskey portfolio  Pernod Ric…","""American Whiskey Collective"" Created to Drive Growth for Jefferson's  Rabbit Hole  Smooth Ambler and TX WhiskeysNEW YORK  June 30  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Capitalizing on the strong growth – and growth potential -- of its American whiskey portfolio  Pernod Ricard is creating a dedicated business unit – The American Whiskey Collective -- to manage marketing and production of its premium  challenger American whiskey brands.Ann Mukherjee  Chairman and CEO  Pernod Ricard North America  said the new entity will accelerate the company's journey to become a leading player in American whiskey in both U.S. and global markets. ""American whiskey is an extremely vibrant spirits category  and our investments over the last few years in Jefferson's  Rabbit Hole  Smooth Ambler and TX have proven very successful "" Mukherjee said. ""Now it's time to drive even more outsized growth for these brands by managing and building a world class marketing and operations approach.""The American Whiskey Collective will be led by Pernod Ricard veteran marketing leader Craig Johnson  who is appointed to Pernod Ricard USA's executive team  and Jessica Chen  a seasoned Operations executive who is named VP  Operations  American whiskies. Johnson will report to Mukherjee  and Chen will report to Pierre Joncourt  SVP  Operations  Pernod Ricard North America.The new dedicated unit will be responsible for achieving the business objectives – and leading future strategy development – for Pernod Ricard's American whiskey brands  while also leveraging the company's broad network to drive global growth. In recent years  Pernod Ricard created two similar entities -- the Gin Hub and House of Tequila – to drive even greater success in their respective spirits categories.American whiskey volume in the U.S. has been accelerating over the last decade  shooting up from 16 million 9-liter cases in 2011 to 29.7 million in 2021  according to the Distilled Spirits Council. Exports of American whiskey also have been enjoying strong growth  with annual sales now exceeding 20 million cases.American whiskey sales are expected to account for a significant amount of Pernod Ricard USA's total volumes within the next 5-10 years  and the company's American whiskey export business also has enormous growth potential  Mukherjee said. To help achieve Pernod Ricard USA's ambitious performance goals  the American Whiskey Collective will create more uniform ways of working based on best practice sharing among brands. Said Mukherjee: ""We are committed to ensuring that the infrastructure  marketing investment levels and innovation support behind each of our brands are in line with our overall ambition. The result will be further accelerated growth from a 'new fashioned' whiskey portfolio focused on pushing boundaries rather than adhering strictly to tradition.""ABOUT PERNOD RICARD USA®Pernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second-largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 19 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut® Vodka  Avión® Tequila  Chivas Regal® Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet® Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson® Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa® Liqueur  Malibu®  Martell® Cognac  Olmeca Altos® Tequila   Beefeater® Gin  Del Maguey® Single Village Mezcal  Monkey 47® Gin  Plymouth® Gin  Seagram's® Extra Dry Gin  Malfy® Gin  Hiram Walker® Liqueurs  Midleton® Irish Whiskey  Powers® Irish Whiskey  Redbreast® Irish Whiskey  Aberlour® Single Malt Scotch Whisky; Lillet®; Smithworks® Vodka  Jefferson's® Bourbon  Smooth Ambler® Whiskey  Rabbit Hole® Whiskey  Pernod® and Ricard®; such superior wines as Jacob's Creek®  Kenwood® Vineyards  Campo Viejo® and Brancott Estate®; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines as Perrier-Jouët® Champagne  G.H. Mumm™ Champagne and Mumm Napa® sparkling wines.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and has more than 700 employees across the country. As ""creators of conviviality "" we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees and the planet. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information on this  please visit: www.responsibility.org.Pernod Ricard Contact:Lisa DiCarlucciDirector  Corporate ReputationE: [email protected]SOURCE Pernod Ricard USA",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.03,True,English,"['PERNOD RICARD DOUBLES', 'AMERICAN WHISKEY', 'The Glenlivet® Single Malt Scotch Whisky', 'Aberlour® Single Malt Scotch Whisky', 'Del Maguey® Single Village Mezcal', 'Pernod Ricard veteran marketing leader', 'Chivas Regal® Scotch Whisky', 'G.H. Mumm™ Champagne', 'The American Whiskey Collective', 'Pernod Ricard North America', 'Mumm Napa® sparkling wines', ""new fashioned' whiskey portfolio"", 'SOURCE Pernod Ricard USA', 'American whiskey export business', 'Perrier-Jouët® Champagne', 'American whiskey portfolio', 'Jameson® Irish Whiskey', 'Midleton® Irish Whiskey', 'Powers® Irish Whiskey', 'Redbreast® Irish Whiskey', 'PERNOD RICARD USA®', 'dedicated business unit', 'future strategy development', 'two similar entities', 'ambitious performance goals', 'marketing investment levels', 'Kahlúa® Liqueur', 'Hiram Walker® Liqueurs', 'Lisa DiCarlucci Director', 'American whiskey volume', 'Pernod Ricard SA', 'Pernod Ricard Contact', 'vibrant spirits category', 'new dedicated unit', 'respective spirits categories', 'Distilled Spirits Council', 'responsible business practices', 'American whiskey sales', 'Avión® Tequila', 'Olmeca Altos® Tequila', 'Extra Dry Gin', 'world class marketing', '16 million 9-liter cases', 'next 5-10 years', 'American whiskey brands', 'Smooth Ambler® Whiskey', 'Rabbit Hole® Whiskey', 'enormous growth potential', 'seasoned Operations executive', 'business objectives', '20 million cases', 'American whiskies', 'superior wines', 'NEW YORK', 'new entity', 'executive team', 'annual sales', 'premium spirits', 'largest spirits', 'leading spirits', 'responsible drinking', 'Gin Hub', 'Beefeater® Gin', 'Monkey 47® Gin', 'Plymouth® Gin', 'Malfy® Gin', 'leading player', 'U.S.', 'global markets', 'broad network', 'recent years', 'greater success', 'significant amount', 'total volumes', 'uniform ways', 'best practice', 'innovation support', 'overall ambition', 'largest subsidiary', 'CAC 40 index', 'Absolut® Vodka', 'Martell® Cognac', 'Smithworks® Vodka', 'Kenwood® Vineyards', 'Campo Viejo', 'Brancott Estate', 'exquisite champagnes', 'active program', 'Corporate Reputation', 'strong growth', 'outsized growth', 'global growth', 'prestigious brands', 'operations approach', 'TX Whiskeys', 'Craig Johnson', 'Jessica Chen', 'last decade', 'wine company', 'Ann Mukherjee', 'Jefferson', 'PRNewswire', 'production', 'challenger', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'journey', 'investments', 'time', 'Pierre', 'Joncourt', 'SVP', 'House', 'Exports', 'infrastructure', 'line', 'result', 'boundaries', 'tradition', 'Paris', 'France-based', '19,000 people', 'Euronext', 'Ticker', 'part', 'Malibu®', 'Seagram', 'Lillet®', 'Bourbon', 'Jacob', 'Creek', '700 employees', 'country', 'creators', 'conviviality', 'sustainable', 'service', 'customers', 'consumers', 'planet', 'adults', 'products', 'information', 'responsibility', 'org']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,prnewswire.com
7227,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/sale-undelivered-iveco-group-n-203500128.html,Sale of undelivered Iveco Group N.V. common shares,Demerger of CNH Industrial N.V. through the Separation and Transfer of its “On-Highway” Business to Iveco Group N.V. – Final Settlement Sale of undelivered Iveco Group N.V. common shares London / Turin ,Iveco Group N.V.Demerger of CNH Industrial N.V. through the Separation and Transfer of its “On-Highway” Business to Iveco Group N.V. – Final SettlementSale of undelivered Iveco Group N.V. common sharesLondon / Turin  30th June 2022CNH Industrial N.V. (CUSIP: N20944 109; ISIN: NL0010545661; TICKER: CNHI) and Iveco Group N.V. (ISIN: NL0015000LU4; TICKER: IVG) announce the final corporate activities related to the spin-off of CNH Industrial N.V.’s On-Highway business to Iveco Group N.V. (“the Demerger”)  consummated on January 1  2022.As of 5pm Eastern Time on June 24  2022  a number of CNH Industrial shareholders entitled to receive Iveco Group N.V. common shares (representing slightly over 1% of issued Iveco Group capital stock)  as a result of the Demerger  failed to provide the details of a securities account with an intermediary of Monte Titoli S.p.A.  to which the Iveco Group common shares (listed on Euronext Milan and only capable of being held and settled within the systems of Monte Titoli S.p.A.) could be delivered (“the Relevant CNHI Shareholders”  and the Iveco Group N.V. common shares they are entitled to  “the Undelivered IVG Shares”).Therefore  as per the Demerger documentation  Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG has been appointed to sell the Undelivered IVG Shares on Euronext Milan  in accordance with regulations and market practices. At the end of such sales the total proceeds (net of all transaction costs  including brokerage  administration and foreign exchange fees) will be credited to the Relevant CNHI Shareholders  which will receive their pro rata portion of such aggregate proceeds (in US dollars)  either by check or by wire transfer  to the extent they have timely provided Computershare Trust Co N.A. (the transfer agent of CNH Industrial N.V.) with their bank account details and the relevant conditions are met. The exact payment dates cannot be confirmed at this stage; however  in case the Relevant CNHI Shareholders do not receive payment by July 31  2022  they are kindly invited to contact Computershare Trust Co N.A.Story continuesAdditional information about the announced activities (namely the allocation of Iveco Group common shares to CNH Industrial shareholders and the settlement of the Undelivered IVG Shares)  is available on the corporate website of Iveco Group N.V.CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions. Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 37 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comIveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG) is a global automotive leader active in the Commercial & Specialty Vehicles  Powertrain  and related Financial Services arenas. Each of its eight brands is a major force in its specific business: IVECO  a pioneering commercial vehicles brand that designs  manufactures  and markets heavy  medium  and light-duty trucks; FPT Industrial  a global leader in a vast array of advanced powertrain technologies in the agriculture  construction  marine  power generation  and commercial vehicles sectors; IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ  mass-transit and premium bus and coach brands; IDV  for highly-specialised defence and civil protection equipment; ASTRA  a leader in large-scale heavy-duty quarry and construction vehicles; MAGIRUS  the industry-reputed firefighting vehicle and equipment manufacturer; and IVECO CAPITAL  the financing arm which supports them all. Iveco Group employs approximately 34 000 people around the world and has 28 manufacturing plants and 29 R&D centres. Further information is available on the Company’s website www.ivecogroup.comContactsCNH Industrial Iveco GroupMedia RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.com Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@ivecogroup.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@ivecogroup.com,neutral,0.03,0.83,0.15,mixed,0.28,0.19,0.52,True,English,"['Iveco Group N.V. common shares', 'Sale', 'Iveco Group N.V. common shares', 'Monte Titoli S.p.A.', 'Computershare Trust Co N.A.', 'Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG', 'CNH Industrial Iveco Group Medi', 'Iveco Group common shares', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'Iveco Group capital stock', 'related Financial Services arenas', 'pioneering commercial vehicles brand', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', 'Undelivered IVG Shares', 'CNH Industrial shareholders', 'foreign exchange fees', 'pro rata portion', 'R&D capabilities', 'large-scale heavy-duty quarry', 'industry-reputed firefighting vehicle', '29 R&D centres', 'civil protection equipment', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'exact payment dates', 'Relevant CNHI Shareholders', 'bank account details', 'advanced powertrain technologies', 'commercial vehicles sectors', 'global automotive leader', 'final corporate activities', 'IVECO CAPITAL', 'IVECO BUS', 'FPT Industrial', 'New Ground', 'latest financial', 'construction vehicles', 'world-class equipment', 'equipment manufacturer', 'relevant conditions', 'Specialty Vehicles', 'services company', 'securities account', 'digital technologies', '28 manufacturing plants', 'global leader', 'construction products', 'construction sector', 'global company', 'Highway” Business', 'Final Settlement', 'Highway business', 'Euronext Milan', 'market practices', 'total proceeds', 'transaction costs', 'aggregate proceeds', 'US dollars', 'corporate website', 'strategic direction', '360° agriculture applications', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'digital agriculture', 'precision technology', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '37,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'major force', 'specific business', 'light-duty trucks', 'vast array', 'power generation', 'premium bus', 'specialised defence', 'financing arm', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'eight brands', 'coach brands', 'wire transfer', 'transfer agent', 'Additional information', 'autonomous systems', 'Further information', 'The Company', '30th June', 'forage implements', 'sustainability reports', 'Case IH', 'Demerger documentation', 'seeding systems', 'Separation', 'Sale', 'London', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'TICKER', 'spin-off', 'January', '5pm', 'Time', 'number', 'result', 'intermediary', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'end', 'brokerage', 'administration', 'check', 'extent', 'stage', 'July', 'Story', 'allocation', 'NYSE', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'STEYR', 'Raven', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'cnhindustrial', 'news', 'manufactures', 'marine', 'HEULIEZ', 'mass-transit', 'IDV', 'ASTRA', 'MAGIRUS', '34,000 people', 'ivecogroup', 'Contacts']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,nz.finance.yahoo.com
7228,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/demerger-cnh-industrial-n-v-203000182.html,Demerger of CNH Industrial N.V. through the Separation and Transfer of its “On-Highway” Business to Iveco Group N.V. – Final Settlement,Sale of undelivered Iveco Group N.V. common shares London / Turin  June 30  2022 CNH Industrial N.V. (CUSIP: N20944 109; ISIN: NL0010545661; TICKER: CNHI) and Iveco Group N.V. (ISIN: NL0015000LU4; TICKER: IVG) announce the final corporate activities related to the spin-off of CNH Industrial N.,CNH Industrial N.V.Sale of undelivered Iveco Group N.V. common sharesLondon / Turin  June 30  2022CNH Industrial N.V. (CUSIP: N20944 109; ISIN: NL0010545661; TICKER: CNHI) and Iveco Group N.V. (ISIN: NL0015000LU4; TICKER: IVG) announce the final corporate activities related to the spin-off of CNH Industrial N.V.’s On-Highway business to Iveco Group N.V. (“the Demerger”)  consummated on January 1  2022.As of 5:00 pm Eastern Time on June 24  2022  a number of CNH Industrial shareholders entitled to receive Iveco Group N.V. common shares (representing slightly over 1% of issued Iveco Group capital stock)  as a result of the Demerger  failed to provide the details of a securities account with an intermediary of Monte Titoli S.p.A.  to which the Iveco Group common shares (listed on Euronext Milan and only capable of being held and settled within the systems of Monte Titoli S.p.A.) could be delivered (“the Relevant CNHI Shareholders”  and the Iveco Group N.V. common shares they are entitled to  “the Undelivered IVG Shares”).Therefore  as per the Demerger documentation  Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG has been appointed to sell the Undelivered IVG Shares on Euronext Milan  in accordance with regulations and market practices. At the end of such sales the total proceeds (net of all transaction costs  including brokerage  administration and foreign exchange fees) will be credited to the Relevant CNHI Shareholders  which will receive their pro rata portion of such aggregate proceeds (in US dollars)  either by check or by wire transfer  to the extent they have timely provided Computershare Trust Co N.A. (the transfer agent of CNH Industrial N.V.) with their bank account details and the relevant conditions are met. The exact payment dates cannot be confirmed at this stage; however  in case the Relevant CNHI Shareholders do not receive payment by July 31  2022  they are kindly invited to contact Computershare Trust Co N.A.Additional information about the announced activities (namely the allocation of Iveco Group common shares to CNH Industrial shareholders and the settlement of the Undelivered IVG Shares)  is available on the corporate website of Iveco Group N.V.Story continuesCNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions. Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 37 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comIveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG) is a global automotive leader active in the Commercial & Specialty Vehicles  Powertrain  and related Financial Services arenas. Each of its eight brands is a major force in its specific business: IVECO  a pioneering commercial vehicles brand that designs  manufactures  and markets heavy  medium  and light-duty trucks; FPT Industrial  a global leader in a vast array of advanced powertrain technologies in the agriculture  construction  marine  power generation  and commercial vehicles sectors; IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ  mass-transit and premium bus and coach brands; IDV  for highly-specialised defence and civil protection equipment; ASTRA  a leader in large-scale heavy-duty quarry and construction vehicles; MAGIRUS  the industry-reputed firefighting vehicle and equipment manufacturer; and IVECO CAPITAL  the financing arm which supports them all. Iveco Group employs approximately 34 000 people around the world and has 28 manufacturing plants and 29 R&D centres. Further information is available on the Company’s website www.ivecogroup.comContactsCNH Industrial Iveco GroupMedia RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.com Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@ivecogroup.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@ivecogroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.63,0.34,mixed,0.28,0.19,0.53,True,English,"['CNH Industrial N.V.', 'Iveco Group N.V.', 'Highway” Business', 'Final Settlement', 'Demerger', 'Separation', 'Transfer', 'Iveco Group N.V. common shares', 'Monte Titoli S.p.A.', 'Computershare Trust Co N.A.', 'CNH Industrial Iveco Group Media Relations', 'Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG', 'Iveco Group common shares', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'Iveco Group capital stock', 'related Financial Services arenas', 'pioneering commercial vehicles brand', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', 'Undelivered IVG Shares', 'CNH Industrial shareholders', 'foreign exchange fees', 'pro rata portion', 'R&D capabilities', 'large-scale heavy-duty quarry', 'industry-reputed firefighting vehicle', '29 R&D centres', 'civil protection equipment', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'exact payment dates', 'Relevant CNHI Shareholders', 'final corporate activities', 'bank account details', 'advanced powertrain technologies', 'commercial vehicles sectors', 'global automotive leader', 'IVECO CAPITAL', 'IVECO BUS', 'Investor Relations', 'FPT Industrial', 'New Ground', 'latest financial', 'construction vehicles', 'world-class equipment', 'equipment manufacturer', 'relevant conditions', 'Specialty Vehicles', 'services company', 'securities account', 'digital technologies', '28 manufacturing plants', 'global leader', 'construction products', 'construction sector', 'global company', 'Highway business', 'Euronext Milan', 'market practices', 'total proceeds', 'transaction costs', 'aggregate proceeds', 'US dollars', 'wire transfer', 'transfer agent', 'corporate website', 'strategic direction', '360° agriculture applications', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'digital agriculture', 'precision technology', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '37,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'major force', 'specific business', 'heavy, medium', 'light-duty trucks', 'vast array', 'power generation', 'premium bus', 'specialised defence', 'financing arm', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'eight brands', 'coach brands', 'Additional information', 'autonomous systems', 'Further information', 'The Company', 'forage implements', 'sustainability reports', 'Demerger documentation', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'Sale', 'London', 'June', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'TICKER', 'spin-off', 'January', 'number', 'result', 'intermediary', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'end', 'brokerage', 'administration', 'check', 'extent', 'stage', 'July', 'allocation', 'settlement', 'Story', 'NYSE', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'STEYR', 'Raven', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'cnhindustrial', 'news', 'manufactures', 'marine', 'HEULIEZ', 'mass-transit', 'IDV', 'ASTRA', 'MAGIRUS', '34,000 people', 'ivecogroup', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', '5:00']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,nz.finance.yahoo.com
7229,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/jacobi-asset-management-launch-europes-first-bitcoin-etf-euronext-2782641,Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe's first bitcoin ETF on Euronext,Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe's first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange  in a sign of the cryptocurrency's appeal despite its volatile price swings.,"BRUSSELS :Jacobi Asset Management said on Thursday that it would launch Europe's first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) on the Euronext exchange  in a sign of the cryptocurrency's appeal despite its volatile price swings.The company said its Jacobi Bitcoin ETF would start trading in July on Euronext Amsterdam under the symbol of 'BCOIN'.""The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure "" said Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid  a former Goldman Sachs banker.Earlier this month  Bitcoin fell to as low as $17 592.78  dropping below $20 000 for the first time since December 2020.Bitcoin  the largest digital currency  is down about 70 per cent from its high of around $69 000 in November.Other cryptocurrencies have also plunged in recent months as investors dump assets deemed as relatively high-risk in favour of safe-haven assets such as gold in response to rising inflation and tighter monetary policies by major central banks.Earlier this month  ProShares announced plans to launch an ETF aimed at 'shorting' bitcoin - namely betting on a future fall in its value  while the U.S. securities regulator rejected a proposal to list a spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) by Grayscale  one of the world's biggest digital asset managers  on the NYSE Arca exchange.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'first bitcoin ETF', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'former Goldman Sachs banker', 'U.S. securities regulator', 'Jacobi CEO Jamie Khurshid', 'biggest digital asset managers', 'spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'largest digital currency', 'exciting asset class', 'volatile price swings', 'tighter monetary policies', 'major central banks', 'NYSE Arca exchange', 'first bitcoin exchange-traded-fund', 'Euronext exchange', 'first time', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying performance', 'investment structure', 'Other cryptocurrencies', 'recent months', 'rising inflation', 'future fall', 'safe-haven assets', 'BRUSSELS', 'Thursday', 'Europe', 'sign', 'cryptocurrency', 'appeal', 'company', 'July', 'symbol', 'BCOIN', 'investors', 'December', 'high', 'November', 'favour', 'response', 'ProShares', 'plans', 'value', 'proposal', 'Grayscale', 'world']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,channelnewsasia.com
7230,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/bitcoin-hits-european-markets%3A-how-the-arrival-of-the-first-spot-bitcoin-etf-can-boost,Bitcoin Hits European Markets: How the Arrival of the First Spot Bitcoin ETF Can Boost Acceptance in the EU,With the news that a spot bitcoin ETF is set to land in Europe this summer  European investors will have unprecedented access to BTC on traditional markets.  In July  Europe’s first spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund will arrive on the Euronext Amsterdam ,"While it’s certainly been a turbulent year for bitcoin  there’s seemingly nothing capable of standing in the cryptocurrency’s way when it comes to building momentum towards mainstream acceptance. With the news that a spot bitcoin ETF is set to land in Europe this summer  European investors will have unprecedented access to BTC on traditional markets.In July  Europe’s first spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund will arrive on the Euronext Amsterdam  which is a major stock exchange and part of the pan-European marketplace  Euronext.The ETF is to be launched by London-based digital asset management platform  Jacobi Asset Management  and the fund will start trading in the Dutch capital under the ticker BCOIN. The move is set to give European institutional and retail investors alike the opportunity to invest in bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market via the ETF for a 1.5% annual management fee.""Our product is the first spot or physical-backed Bitcoin fund  and the fund is not allowed to lend  stake or leverage any of the assets it owns ” said Jamie Khurshid  CEO of Jacobi Asset Management  in an interview with Cointelegraph. “For the first time in Europe  investors buying an exchange-traded Bitcoin product will own the units that own the Bitcoin. There are other exchange-traded products in Europe but no other spot BTC ETF.”The arrival of a spot bitcoin ETF comes at a time when markets are reeling from a cocktail of factors like high inflation rates  the war in Ukraine and further COVID-19 complications. Using the S&P 500 as an example  we can see that leading cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum are down by a significantly larger margin than traditional markets. However  for many investors  this deeper level of volatility presents an attractive opportunity to find larger profit margins. Now  for the first time  we have sufficient BTC coverage in Europe  we may see more investors looking to catch bitcoin’s bottom price ahead of a prospective recovery.""This will be the first Bitcoin ETF on Euronext  or the first fund directly investing in Bitcoin. All other currently existing products on our segment are exchange-traded notes  or legally structured as debt instruments "" Stephane Boujnah  CEO of Euronext  said in a statement.Despite uncertain market conditions  history suggests that the timing of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF may be a relatively good one when it hits European markets. With bitcoin operating at close to its historical bottom value following its post-halving bull cycles  it could be an excellent opportunity for investors to buy into the asset for investors who are optimistic about BTC’s future cyclical rallies.Paving the way for AccessibilityThe arrival of Europe’s first spot ETF is an excellent step for cryptocurrency accessibility in Europe. For investors who would prefer to retain their portfolios on more traditionally aligned stock exchanges  buying into a bitcoin exchange-traded fund can offer the same level of growth that cryptocurrencies are capable of without having to throw themselves into the unfamiliar world of crypto.According to Edd Carlton  who is a digital asset trader at Flow Traders  the listing of a spot bitcoin ETF is “aligned with the growing demand from institutional investors.” Carlton also noted that calls for a spot Bitcoin ETF have been made in the United States for many years.Despite this  so far the only spot ETFs to be launched globally are based in Canada  Brazil and Jersey  and are considerably smaller in scale than many U.S. ETFs. This means that the arrival of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be the biggest of its kind in the world.Although European ETF investing is far less developed than in the U.S.  the accommodation of cryptocurrencies in a more traditional investing format is likely to be a popular move on the continent. At present  only around 15 to 20 percent of retail investors in Europe use ETFs  as opposed to around 40% of U.S. investors. While this means that there’s considerably lower trading volumes surrounding exchange-traded funds in Europe  it also means that the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF has been viewed as an opportunity to breathe new life into the market by the European Commission.By accommodating a spot bitcoin ETF in Europe  it’s now possible for institutions like insurance companies  mutual funds and pension funds alike to develop their exposure to bitcoin in a way that was previously impossible. Likewise  retail investors in Europe can look to stock trading platforms that incorporate ETFs as its core offering for access to crypto on a scale like never before.Although the market surrounding cryptocurrencies has suffered a turbulent start to 2022  the arrival of the Jacobi Bitcoin ETF is likely to see plenty of traffic once a recovery begins. For Europe as a whole  the continent’s first spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund is a bold step towards widespread crypto acceptance.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.24,0.19,0.57,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'European Markets', 'Arrival', 'Acceptance', 'London-based digital asset management platform', 'first spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'other spot BTC ETF', 'many U.S. ETFs', 'digital asset trader', 'Jacobi Asset Management', '1.5% annual management fee', 'first spot ETF', 'high inflation rates', 'halving bull cycles', 'future cyclical rallies', 'major stock exchange', 'spot bitcoin ETF', 'larger profit margins', 'historical bottom value', 'physical-backed Bitcoin fund', 'traditional investing format', 'lower trading volumes', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'sufficient BTC coverage', 'other exchange-traded products', 'European ETF investing', 'stock trading platforms', 'exchange-traded Bitcoin product', 'uncertain market conditions', 'U.S. investors', 'widespread crypto acceptance', 'first fund', 'exchange-traded funds', 'spot ETFs', 'S&P 500', 'first time', 'stock exchanges', 'many years', 'mainstream acceptance', 'larger margin', 'bottom price', 'many investors', 'European institutional', 'European Commission', 'traditional markets', 'turbulent year', 'pan-European marketplace', 'Dutch capital', 'Jamie Khurshid', 'COVID-19 complications', 'deeper level', 'debt instruments', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'good one', 'excellent step', 'same level', 'Flow Traders', 'growing demand', 'United States', '15 to 20 percent', 'new life', 'insurance companies', 'mutual funds', 'pension funds', 'core offering', 'turbulent start', 'bold step', 'European markets', 'European investors', 'retail investors', 'institutional investors', 'unprecedented access', 'leading cryptocurrencies', 'attractive opportunity', 'prospective recovery', 'excellent opportunity', 'unfamiliar world', 'Edd Carlton', 'popular move', 'surrounding cryptocurrencies', 'cryptocurrency market', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'cryptocurrency accessibility', 'way', 'momentum', 'news', 'July', 'part', 'ticker', 'BCOIN', 'assets', 'CEO', 'interview', 'Cointelegraph', 'units', 'arrival', 'cocktail', 'factors', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'example', 'ethereum', 'volatility', 'segment', 'notes', 'statement', 'history', 'timing', 'post', 'portfolios', 'growth', 'listing', 'calls', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'Jersey', 'scale', 'kind', 'accommodation', 'continent', 'institutions', 'exposure', 'plenty', 'traffic', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,nasdaq.com
7231,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-06/56445568-wallix-wallix-governance-strengthened-to-drive-financial-and-non-financial-performance-650.htm,WALLIX: WALLIX: GOVERNANCE STRENGTHENED TO DRIVE FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE,Adoption of a one-tier board structure with a Board of Directors Appointment of Jean-Noël de GALZAIN as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  along with three independent directors Paris  June,"Adoption of a one-tier board structure with a Board of DirectorsAppointment of Jean-Noël de GALZAIN as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  along with three independent directorsParis  June 30  2022 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  is changing and strengthening its governance structure.The June 15  2022 shareholders' meeting approved the change from the current WALLIX dual board structure with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board to a one-tier board structure with a Board of Directors. The one-tier board structure will allow WALLIX to optimize its decision-making processes and drive the Company's growth strategy more efficiently. It gives WALLIX a strong and structured governance model in order to become a world leader in digital transformation security.The Board of Directors has decided to combine the roles of Chairman and CEO. Jean-Noël De GALZAIN has been appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors has been expanded following the appointment of three independent directors: Valentine FERREOL  Digital Factory & Business Transformation Senior Director at Publicis Sapient from 2019 to 2021  Amanda GOURBAULT  Chief Revenue Officer of the Composecure Group  and GLX Consulting  a company represented by Guy LACROIX  former Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the ENGIE Group's Energie Service division and Vice President of the AKKA Technologies Group.In this new governance structure  the Board of Directors will be responsible for defining the main focal points and strategy of the Company and Group. Operational decisions will be taken by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officers Amaury ROSSET and Frédéric SARRAT.Jean-Noël de GALZAIN  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the WALLIX GROUP  said: ""I am honored and proud to welcome new personalities to WALLIX new Board of Directors  perfectly suited to the Group's development ambition. These new members will bolster WALLIX's digital expertise as well as its industrial and international scale. The Group's operational management has also been strengthened with the arrival of Frédéric SARRAT at the end of 2021. Over Its 20 years of experience  Frédéric has shown his ability to steer the transformation and development of digital champions such as IDEMIA  world leader in security and identity technologies. These changes will enable WALLIX to succeed in its new growth phase.""The Board of Directors thus consists of nine members:Jean-Noël de Galzain   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Amaury Rosset   Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Deputy Chief Executive Officer Frédéric Sarrat   Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Deputy Chief Executive Officer Jacques Chatain   director  director Pierre-Yves Dargaud   director  director Valentine Ferreol   independent director  independent director GLX Consulting represented by Guy Lacroix  independent directorindependent director Amanda Gourbault  independent directorindependent director TDH represented by Thierry Dassault  directorNext publication: H1 2022 turnover  July 21  2022ABOUT WALLIXA software company providing cybersecurity solutions  WALLIX is the European specialist in digital Identity and Access Security Solutions. WALLIX PAM4ALL  the unified privilege management solution  enables companies to respond to today's data protection challenges. It guarantees detection of and resilience to cyberattacks  which enables business continuity. The solution also ensures compliance with regulatory requirements regarding access to IT infrastructures and critical data. WALLIX PAM4ALL is distributed through a network of more than 300 resellers and integrators worldwide. Listed on the Euronext (ALLIX)  WALLIX supports more than 1900 organizations in securing their digital transformation. WALLIX is a founding member of the HEXATRUST group and has been included in the Futur40  the first ranking of growth companies on the stock exchange published by Forbes France and is part of the Tech 40 index.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestors Relations - Hélène DE WATTEVILLE+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Déborah SCHWARTZ+33 6 27 09 05 73 / dschwartz@actus.fr------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:mptxYpluZmiUmnGbYZ1omGZsmJxik2KXl5TIlmZuYpfFbZySnGZobJ2WZnBml2pp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-75253-wallix_cp_gouvernance_2022_en.pdf",neutral,0.14,0.84,0.03,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['GOVERNANCE STRENGTHENED', 'FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE', 'WALLIX', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer Jacques Chatain', 'Hélène DE WATTEVILLE', 'former Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'current WALLIX dual board structure', 'Jean-Noël de GALZAIN', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officers', 'Frédéric SARRAT.', 'trusted European digital space', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'secure societal digital transformation', 'unified privilege management solution', 'Business Transformation Senior Director', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'independent director independent director', 'Déborah SCHWARTZ', 'Energie Service division', 'main focal points', 'structured governance model', 'new governance structure', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'one-tier board structure', 'privileged access management', ""June 15, 2022 shareholders' meeting"", 'Communication Investors Relations', 'new growth phase', 'digital transformation security', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'three independent directors', 'Access Security Solutions', 'data protection challenges', 'AKKA Technologies Group', 'WALLIX new Board', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'European specialist', 'business continuity', 'Management Board', 'operational management', 'new personalities', 'new members', 'FINANCIAL COMMUNICATION', 'Press Relations', 'Digital Factory', 'digital expertise', 'digital champions', 'digital responsibility', 'Digital technology', 'software company', 'Supervisory Board', 'The Board', 'digital Identity', 'decision-making processes', 'world leader', 'Valentine FERREOL', 'Publicis Sapient', 'Amanda GOURBAULT', 'GLX Consulting', 'Guy LACROIX', 'Vice President', 'Operational decisions', 'Amaury ROSSET', 'international scale', 'nine members', 'Pierre-Yves Dargaud', 'Thierry Dassault', 'H1 2022 turnover', 'regulatory requirements', 'IT infrastructures', 'critical data', 'founding member', 'first ranking', 'stock exchange', 'Forbes France', 'Tech 40 index', 'personal use', 'individual freedoms', 'Composecure Group', 'ENGIE Group', 'The Group', 'HEXATRUST group', 'growth strategy', 'growth companies', 'development ambition', 'Next publication', 'WALLIX PAM4ALL', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'ACTUS Finance', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'Adoption', 'Appointment', 'Chairman', 'Paris', 'strong', 'order', 'roles', 'CEO', 'industrial', 'arrival', '20 years', 'experience', 'ability', 'IDEMIA', 'changes', 'TDH', 'July', 'today', 'detection', 'resilience', 'cyberattacks', 'compliance', 'network', '300 resellers', 'integrators', '1900 organizations', 'Futur40', 'part', 'construction', 'confidentiality', 'individuals', 'privacy', 'professional', 'dschwartz', 'mptxYpluZmiUmnGbYZ1omGZsmJxik2KXl5TIlmZuYpfFbZySnGZobJ2WZnBml2pp', '2021']",2022-06-05,2022-06-30,finanznachrichten.de
7232,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-06/56445362-touax-first-green-bond-issuance-for-touax-hybrid-debt-100-refinanced-399.htm,Touax: FIRST GREEN BOND ISSUANCE FOR TOUAX  HYBRID DEBT 100% REFINANCED,PRESS RELEASE Paris  30 June 2022 - 5.45 p.m. YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION FIRST GREEN BOND ISSUANCE FOR TOUAXHYBRID DEBT 100% REFINANCED TOUAX,"PRESS RELEASE Paris  30 June 2022 - 5.45 p.m.YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONFIRST GREEN BOND ISSUANCEFOR TOUAXHYBRID DEBT 100% REFINANCEDTOUAX continues its evolution towards green financing as an active player in the sustainable transport services. After the financing of its Freight Railcars division by a Green Loan  TOUAX issued its first Sustainable Linked Bond on 28 June 2022 for an amount of €33.3 million and a duration of 5 years. Issued Euro-PP bonds are senior unsecured and listed on Euronext Access.This transaction extends the maturity of TOUAX corporate debt by refinancing its 2025 Euro-PP bonds and reduces the cost of group's financial resources by €0.9 million per year  with the full repayment of its TSSDI (Undated Deeply Subordinated Bonds). Financial covenants are limited to annual compliance with Loan-to-Value and Interest Coverage ratios  both well suited to the group's business.Fabrice and Raphaël Walewski commented: "" The success of this transaction confirms theinvestors' growing appetite for TOUAX group  its highly resilient business model in an uncertain and inflationary macro-economic environment  and its strategy as an operational lessor for sustainable transportation.""Touax was advised by Octo Finances  arranger of the deal. Legal advisors are Stephenson Harwood (issuer counsel) and CMS Francis Lefebvre (arranger counsel).UPCOMING EVENTS28 September 2022: Publication of H1 results29 September 2022: Video conference call to present the H1 results in French30 September 2022: Video conference call to present the H1 results in English14 November 2022: Q3 revenue from activitiesTOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis worldwide  both on its own account and for investors. With more than €1.2 billion of assets under management  TOUAX is one of the leading European players in the leasing of such equipment.TOUAX is listed on the EURONEXT stock market in Paris - Euronext Paris Compartment C (ISIN: FR0000033003) - and is listed on the CAC Small  CAC Mid & Small and EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices.For further information please visit: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAXACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël Walewski Ghislaine Gasparettotouax@touax.com ggasparetto@actifin.frwww.touax.com Tel: +33 1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 1 46 96 18 00Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,positive,0.7,0.2,0.1,True,English,"['FIRST GREEN BOND ISSUANCE', 'HYBRID DEBT', 'Touax', 'FIRST GREEN BOND ISSUANCEFOR TOUAX', 'first Sustainable Linked Bond', 'Undated Deeply Subordinated Bonds', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Interest Coverage ratios', 'Raphaël Walewski', ""theinvestors' growing appetite"", 'inflationary macro-economic environment', 'CMS Francis Lefebvre', 'Video conference call', 'leading European players', 'EURONEXT stock market', 'EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices', 'sustainable transport services', 'Freight Railcars division', 'resilient business model', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto touax', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'TOUAX corporate debt', 'Euronext Access', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Euro-PP bonds', 'HYBRID DEBT', 'green financing', 'Green Loan', 'operational lessor', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'active player', 'financial resources', 'full repayment', 'Financial covenants', 'annual compliance', 'Octo Finances', 'Legal advisors', 'Stephenson Harwood', 'issuer counsel', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'H1 results', 'Q3 revenue', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'further information', 'arranger counsel', 'tangible assets', 'CAC Small', 'TOUAXACTIFIN Fabrice', 'TOUAX group', '30 June', 'evolution', '28 June', 'amount', 'duration', '5 years', 'transaction', 'maturity', 'cost', 'TSSDI', 'Value', 'success', 'uncertain', 'strategy', 'deal', '28 September', 'Publication', '29 September', 'French', '30 September', 'English', '14 November', 'activities', 'containers', 'account', 'management', 'equipment', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'ggasparetto', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5.45', '33', '56']",2022-06-05,2022-06-30,finanznachrichten.de
7233,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20460448.html,Spinal Cord Stimulation Delivers Improved Arm Function,ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces a Nature Neuroscience publication showing,"Spinal Cord Stimulation Delivers Improved Arm FunctionONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces a Nature Neuroscience publication showing the potential for ONWARD's ARCIM Therapy to restore movement and function in hands and arms after spinal cord injury.Regaining hand and arm function is the highest priority for many people with cervical spinal cord injury. Even mild functional deficits in hand and arm function lead to significantly reduced independence and quality of life. It has historically been challenging to develop new therapies for hand and arm function because their movements are complex and multidimensional. Researchers in today's Nature Neuroscience publication investigated a potentially more effective approach to improving motor control of the upper limbs after spinal cord injury ? an implantable neurostimulation system that modulates the spinal cord region involved in controlling hand and arm function. This preclinical data showed that precise electrical stimulation targeting relevant spinal cord segments enhanced muscle activation and strength  and facilitated more efficient hand and arm movements.""We are preparing to launch our transcutaneous ARCEX Therapy to restore hand and arm function in 2023 "" said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. ""The findings from this Nature Neuroscience publication suggest there may also be a role for implanted ARCIM Therapy to help people with spinal cord injury regain arm and hand function. Indeed  the greater precision and 24/7 availability of implanted ARCIM Therapy may offer meaningful support for activities of daily living.""""Small improvements in hand and arm function offer large benefits in independence and quality of life. Current approaches such as functional electrical stimulation (FES) induce fatigue and fail to sustain the three-dimensional movements required for activities of daily life""  said Grégoire Courtine  professor at EPFL and co-author of the Nature Neuroscience paper. ""We look forward to studying this approach in humans within the next several months and working with ONWARD to potentially commercialize this important therapy.""As part of its suite of intellectual property agreements with EPFL  ONWARD has the rights to develop and commercialize cervical spinal cord stimulation therapy to improve hand and arm function in people with spinal cord injury.The publication features preclinical research performed by neuroscientists at EPFL  University of Fribourg  and University of Pittsburgh. The research initiative was sponsored by the Wyss Foundation  ONWARD  the Bertarelli Foundation  the Swiss National Science Foundation  and the European Union's Horizon 2020 program.To learn more about ONWARD's ARC Therapy and the company's vision to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD's work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world's leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD's ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal-cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The company's first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide. The company completed its first-in-human use of its ARCIM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors' current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.News published on 30 june 2022 at 11:35 and distributed by:",neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,mixed,0.19,0.2,0.61,True,English,"['Spinal Cord Stimulation', 'Arm Function', 'cervical spinal cord stimulation therapy', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'targeted, programmed spinal-cord stimulation', 'relevant spinal cord segments', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'cervical spinal cord injury', 'Swiss National Science Foundation', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord region', 'spinal cord injuries', 'precise electrical stimulation', 'functional electrical stimulation', 'mild functional deficits', 'implantable neurostimulation system', 'Grégoire Courtine', 'next several months', 'intellectual property agreements', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'High Tech Campus', 'Nature Neuroscience paper', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'Nature Neuroscience publication', 'transcutaneous ARCEX Therapy', 'medical technology company', 'basic science', 'Wyss Foundation', 'Bertarelli Foundation', 'important therapy', 'ARC Therapy', 'ARCIM Therapy', 'innovative therapies', 'highest priority', 'new therapies', 'motor control', 'upper limbs', 'preclinical data', 'muscle activation', 'Dave Marver', 'greater precision', '24/7 availability', 'meaningful support', 'daily living', 'Small improvements', 'large benefits', 'Current approaches', 'preclinical research', 'research initiative', 'European Union', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'a decade', 'other functions', 'human use', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'Arm Function', 'ARCIM neurostimulator', 'three-dimensional movements', 'arm movements', 'effective approach', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'daily life', 'efficient hand', 'many people', 'hand function', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'health', 'potential', 'hands', 'arms', 'Regaining', 'quality', 'Researchers', 'today', 'strength', 'CEO', 'findings', 'role', 'activities', 'FES', 'fatigue', 'EPFL', 'author', 'humans', 'part', 'suite', 'rights', 'neuroscientists', 'University', 'Fribourg', 'Pittsburgh', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'May', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'office', 'Lausanne', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,lelezard.com
7234,EuroNext,Bing API,https://bitcoinmagazine.com/markets/jacobi-asset-management-to-launch-spot-bitcoin-etf-europe,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF,The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be the first spot bitcoin ETF offered on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange for institutional European investors.,The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be Europe’s first spot bitcoin ETF listed on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange.The ETF will have a 1.5% annual management fee.Fidelity Digital Assets will serve as the custodian for Jacobi's bitcoin while Flow Traders and DRW will facilitate as market makers.Jacobi Asset Management is launching the first spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) in Europe through Euronext Amsterdam  the largest exchange to host a spot bitcoin ETF  according to a report from Reuters.The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will have a 1.5% annual management fee and  furthermore  this will be a first for the Netherlands as this ETF will serve as its first primary listing of a digital asset fund.“The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will enable investors to access the underlying performance of this exciting asset class via a well-established and trusted investment structure ” said Jamie Khurshid  CEO of Jacobi Asset Management. “Our goal at Jacobi is to make digital asset investments simpler and more familiar for institutional and professional investors.”Being a spot bitcoin ETF  the fund will hold bitcoin on balance and has partnered with Fidelity Digital AssetsSM to serve as the fund’s custodian  while Flow Traders and DRW will facilitate the fund as market makers.“We are excited to be acting as lead market maker for Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF  which is another milestone in the development of the institutional digital assets space ” said Edd Carlton  institutional digital asset trader at Flow Traders. “This is also aligned with the growing demand from institutional investors who are looking to diversify their portfolios by adding Bitcoin and other digital assets.”The impending ETF reportedly received regulatory approval from the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (GFSC) in October 2021 and is set to begin trading in July on the Amsterdam exchange under ticker symbol BCOIN.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'first spot bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'institutional digital assets space', 'first spot bitcoin ETF', 'institutional digital asset trader', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'first primary listing', 'Fidelity Digital Assets', 'other digital assets', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'digital asset investments', 'exciting asset class', 'Jacobi Asset Management', '1.5% annual management fee', 'digital asset fund', 'lead market maker', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'impending ETF', 'institutional investors', 'market makers', 'largest exchange', 'Flow Traders', 'underlying performance', 'investment structure', 'Jamie Khurshid', 'Edd Carlton', 'growing demand', 'regulatory approval', 'ticker symbol', 'professional investors', 'Europe', 'custodian', 'DRW', 'report', 'Reuters', 'Netherlands', 'CEO', 'goal', 'balance', 'milestone', 'development', 'portfolios', 'GFSC', 'October', 'trading', 'July', 'BCOIN']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,bitcoinmagazine.com
7235,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Milbank advised Euronext Oslo listed Kalera PLC on its business combination with Agrico Acquisition Corp and transiti… https://t.co/V4HlgKNtWp,nan,Milbank advised Euronext Oslo listed Kalera PLC on its business combination with Agrico Acquisition Corp and transiti… https://t.co/V4HlgKNtWp,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Agrico Acquisition Corp', 'Euronext Oslo', 'Kalera PLC', 'business combination', 'Milbank', 'transiti', 'V4HlgKNtWp', 'Agrico Acquisition Corp', 'Euronext Oslo', 'Kalera PLC', 'business combination', 'Milbank', 'transiti', 'V4HlgKNtWp']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7236,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Jacobi Asset Management launch a #BitcoinETF on Euronext Amsterdam next month  first European bitcoin spot etf. #BTC #Bitcoin,nan,Jacobi Asset Management launch a #BitcoinETF on Euronext Amsterdam next month  first European bitcoin spot etf. #BTC #Bitcoin,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['first European bitcoin spot', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'BTC #Bitcoin', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'first European bitcoin spot', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'BTC #Bitcoin', 'Euronext Amsterdam']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7237,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF https://t.co/luuxbbgktT,nan,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF https://t.co/luuxbbgktT,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'luuxbbgktT', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'luuxbbgktT']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7238,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@cantbedubz @akonwithanh The Oslo exchange was combined with the EuroNext exchange last year  so DLTX is available… https://t.co/iwFXc5GhdE,nan,@cantbedubz @akonwithanh The Oslo exchange was combined with the EuroNext exchange last year  so DLTX is available… https://t.co/iwFXc5GhdE,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['The Oslo exchange', 'EuroNext exchange', 'cantbedubz', 'DLTX', 'iwFXc5GhdE', 'The Oslo exchange', 'EuroNext exchange', 'cantbedubz', 'DLTX', 'iwFXc5GhdE']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7239,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF . The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be the first spot bitcoin ETF… https://t.co/1aJBZQayPT,nan,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF . The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be the first spot bitcoin ETF… https://t.co/1aJBZQayPT,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'aJBZQayPT', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'aJBZQayPT']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7240,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,JUST IN: Europe to soon get its first #Bitcoin ETF on Euronext $BTC,nan,JUST IN: Europe to soon get its first #Bitcoin ETF on Euronext $BTC,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['first #Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext $BTC', 'Europe', 'first #Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext $BTC', 'Europe']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7241,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Jacobi Asset Management To Launch Europe’s First Bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam @JacobiAssetMgt  #BitcoinETF… https://t.co/KTeUpW0HVn,nan,Jacobi Asset Management To Launch Europe’s First Bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam @JacobiAssetMgt  #BitcoinETF… https://t.co/KTeUpW0HVn,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'First Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Europe', 'JacobiAssetMgt', 'BitcoinETF', 'KTeUpW0HVn', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'First Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Europe', 'JacobiAssetMgt', 'BitcoinETF', 'KTeUpW0HVn']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7242,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF https://t.co/9n6g0mHNUa #future #btc #cryptoconcurrency #crypto,nan,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF https://t.co/9n6g0mHNUa #future #btc #cryptoconcurrency #crypto,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '9n6g0mHNUa', 'future', 'btc', 'cryptoconcurrency', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '9n6g0mHNUa', 'future', 'btc', 'cryptoconcurrency']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7243,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,🚀 Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF https://t.co/9mBRZ5jLp2,nan,🚀 Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF https://t.co/9mBRZ5jLp2,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7244,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"News:Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe's first ""Bitcoin ETF"" on EuronextRemain Vigilant🫶|#Solana #NFT #ETH #Bitcoin #investing|",nan,"News:Jacobi Asset Management to launch Europe's first ""Bitcoin ETF"" on EuronextRemain Vigilant🫶|#Solana #NFT #ETH #Bitcoin #investing|",neutral,0.1,0.84,0.06,neutral,0.1,0.84,0.06,True,English,"['Jacobi Asset Management', 'first ""Bitcoin ETF', 'News', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'Solana', 'NFT', 'ETH', 'investing', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'first ""Bitcoin ETF', 'News', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'Solana', 'NFT', 'ETH', 'investing']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7245,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,A new bitcoin ETF (#Bcoin ) has been launched on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange. #Cryptocurency  https://t.co/DAHt55tLAg,nan,A new bitcoin ETF (#Bcoin ) has been launched on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange. #Cryptocurency  https://t.co/DAHt55tLAg,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['new bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'Cryptocurency', 'DAHt55tLAg', 'new bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'Cryptocurency', 'DAHt55tLAg']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
7246,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be the first...… https://t.co/AlhN7t6P8y,nan,Euronext Amsterdam To Launch Its First Spot Bitcoin ETF The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF will be the first...… https://t.co/AlhN7t6P8y,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AlhN7t6P8y', 'The Jacobi Bitcoin ETF', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AlhN7t6P8y']",2022-06-30,2022-06-30,Unknown
