UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
2281,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,nan,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-05,2022-04-12,Unknown
2351,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ResGloStocks @hkuppy If Euroclear &amp; Clearstream truly open the lock  then GDR conversion should be possible for al… https://t.co/m3JtzNwP3O,nan,@ResGloStocks @hkuppy If Euroclear &amp; Clearstream truly open the lock  then GDR conversion should be possible for al… https://t.co/m3JtzNwP3O,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['GDR conversion', 'ResGloStocks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'lock', 'm3JtzNwP3O', 'GDR conversion', 'ResGloStocks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'lock', 'm3JtzNwP3O']",2022-04-06,2022-04-12,Unknown
2352,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,MEDICAL EMERGENCY  CLEARSTREAM CT  BLACKHAWK (4/5/2022 11:14:02 PM),nan,MEDICAL EMERGENCY  CLEARSTREAM CT  BLACKHAWK (4/5/2022 11:14:02 PM),neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['MEDICAL EMERGENCY', 'CLEARSTREAM CT', 'BLACKHAWK', '02', 'MEDICAL EMERGENCY', 'CLEARSTREAM CT', 'BLACKHAWK', '02']",2022-04-06,2022-04-12,Unknown
2436,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,nan,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2437,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2438,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,nan,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2439,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2440,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuers https://t.co/4iIQ4d4GBq,nan,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuers https://t.co/4iIQ4d4GBq,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['JP Morgan', 'depositary receipts', 'Russian issuers', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'iIQ4d4GBq', 'JP Morgan', 'depositary receipts', 'Russian issuers', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'iIQ4d4GBq']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2449,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,nan,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2450,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex today said its total traded derivatives contracts grew by 26 p… https://t.co/z94ZJs8mRF,nan,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex today said its total traded derivatives contracts grew by 26 p… https://t.co/z94ZJs8mRF,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'derivatives contracts', 'Eurex', 'total', 'z94ZJs8mRF', '26', 'Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'derivatives contracts', 'Eurex', 'total', 'z94ZJs8mRF', '26']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2451,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2452,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,nan,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2453,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2529,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's March results here  containing all facts and figures.… https://t.co/epYkFBmNvx,nan,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's March results here  containing all facts and figures.… https://t.co/epYkFBmNvx,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['March results', 'facts', 'figures', 'epYkFBmNvx', 'March results', 'facts', 'figures', 'epYkFBmNvx']",2022-04-08,2022-04-12,Unknown
2530,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@JoshuaLloyd1 Or free with Clearstream 😂,nan,@JoshuaLloyd1 Or free with Clearstream 😂,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,True,English,"['JoshuaLloyd1', 'Clearstream', 'JoshuaLloyd1', 'Clearstream']",2022-04-07,2022-04-12,Unknown
2534,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Brexit fallout: HQ location behind collapse of the LSE &amp; Deutsche Boerse merger - https://t.co/SkuJhmKsSu https://t.co/0X2kaZlSWR,nan,Brexit fallout: HQ location behind collapse of the LSE &amp; Deutsche Boerse merger - https://t.co/SkuJhmKsSu https://t.co/0X2kaZlSWR,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse merger', 'Brexit fallout', 'HQ location', 'collapse', 'LSE', 'SkuJhmKsSu', '0X2kaZlSWR', 'Deutsche Boerse merger', 'Brexit fallout', 'HQ location', 'collapse', 'LSE', 'SkuJhmKsSu', '0X2kaZlSWR']",2022-04-08,2022-04-12,Unknown
2585,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@VXO150 @garyvee @686Prism its just the Euroclear MDMA pills I got from the Prism store m8 😤,nan,@VXO150 @garyvee @686Prism its just the Euroclear MDMA pills I got from the Prism store m8 😤,negative,0.08,0.33,0.58,negative,0.08,0.33,0.58,True,English,"['Euroclear MDMA pills', 'Prism store', 'VXO150', 'garyvee', '686Prism', 'Euroclear MDMA pills', 'Prism store', 'VXO150', 'garyvee', '686Prism']",2022-04-09,2022-04-12,Unknown
2586,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New York City shuns Wells Fargo over discrimination claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tOBO6YECZn #regtech,nan,New York City shuns Wells Fargo over discrimination claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tOBO6YECZn #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,True,English,"['New York City', 'Wells Fargo', 'discrimination claims', 'Fintech', 'tOBO6YECZn', 'regtech', 'New York City', 'Wells Fargo', 'discrimination claims', 'Fintech', 'tOBO6YECZn', 'regtech']",2022-04-09,2022-04-12,Unknown
2587,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fannie Mae chair Sheila Bair leads trio of departures from the GSE's board #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/w5YpCPxqem #regtech,nan,Fannie Mae chair Sheila Bair leads trio of departures from the GSE's board #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/w5YpCPxqem #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fannie Mae chair', 'Sheila Bair', 'trio', 'departures', 'GSE', 'board', 'Fintech', 'w5YpCPxqem', 'regtech', 'Fannie Mae chair', 'Sheila Bair', 'trio', 'departures', 'GSE', 'board', 'Fintech', 'w5YpCPxqem', 'regtech']",2022-04-09,2022-04-12,Unknown
2610,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@DarkRiketz @Nasmog @supermegadrivin @JeanMassiet L'affaire Clearstream ?,nan,@DarkRiketz @Nasmog @supermegadrivin @JeanMassiet L'affaire Clearstream ?,neutral,0.08,0.51,0.41,neutral,0.08,0.51,0.41,True,English,"['affaire Clearstream', 'DarkRiketz', 'Nasmog', 'supermegadrivin', 'JeanMassiet', 'affaire Clearstream', 'DarkRiketz', 'Nasmog', 'supermegadrivin', 'JeanMassiet']",2022-04-10,2022-04-12,Unknown
2625,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/how-indias-much-hyped-global-bond-index-inclusion-unraveled-8341921.html,How Indiaâs much-hyped global bond index inclusion unraveled,The timeline seemed so final that Citigroup Inc. advised its clients to buy Indian debt in anticipation that key tax exemptions would be announced to facilitate the change. Policy makers and analysts predicted inclusion as early as April 1  the start of the n…,For months  India prepared for a remarkable milestone: getting its bonds listed on global indexes. Inclusion was perceived as a crucial step change for the $1 trillion market. Banks penciled in inflows of as much as $40 billion for a country that has long lagged behind peers in tapping international wealth.The timeline seemed so final that Citigroup Inc. advised its clients to buy Indian debt in anticipation that key tax exemptions would be announced to facilitate the change. Policy makers and analysts predicted inclusion as early as April 1  the start of the new financial year.So it came as a shock when Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman didn’t make any mention of it in her February budget speech. The sudden silence puzzled traders. Within a day  Citi reversed its buy-call. Local debt markets saw the sharpest sell-off in almost two years. It was as if a plan had never existed.In interviews  Indian officials who were part of discussions described how politics and contentious tax negotiations intertwined to stall progress. Bankers worried about volatile inflows. Powerful Hindu nationalist groups raised eleventh hour concerns that exempting foreigners from taxes would lead to discrimination against domestic investors  according to the people  who asked not to be identified citing privacy rules.Now  many believe inclusion isn’t likely for at least a year. Officials say a path forward isn’t possible until Group of 20 nations reach a consensus on a country’s right to tax capital gains  another pressure point for India.“From India’s perspective  we are losing an opportunity to tap a pool of liquidity and an investor base ” said Nagaraj Kulkarni  Senior Asia Rates Strategist at Standard Chartered Plc in Singapore. “From a foreign investors’ perspective  India is one of the largest EM bond markets that is yet to be included in major bond indexes.”With inclusion shelved  “investors lose out on a relatively high-yielding market that also offers risk diversification benefits ” he said.The challenges facing India are partly structural.Global investors want India to get its bonds on international clearing platforms  which help settle securities transactions. For that to happen  Euroclear  one of the major ones  has pushed India to exempt the transactions from taxes to avoid compliance issues. Other countries using the platform follow that policy.In India  progress seemed steady. In September  a senior official from the finance ministry said most of the work had been done. Tax authorities appeared ready to exempt these transactions  according to a person familiar with the matter. Morgan Stanley predicted inclusion to some indexes as early as the second quarter of 2022. FTSE Russell put India on its watchlist.Sitharaman was supposed to reveal the change in the Feb. 1 budget talk. Euroclear expected the tweak right up until the speech  according to a finance ministry official.When she said nothing  Euroclear was caught off-guard  the official said. So was the market: Citi quickly reversed its buy-call on India long bonds. Traders called the ministry searching for answers.Euroclear didn’t reply to multiple requests for comment. A spokesperson for India’s finance ministry didn’t respond to an email seeking clarification.In hindsight  officials said India’s reversal connects to an October announcement from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  the Paris-based group that develops international fiscal policy.To address tax avoidance issues  the OECD helped broker an agreement with 136 countries to implement a global minimum rate. India  which is a member of the group  took the position that countries had the right to tax capital gains based on the location of underlying assets.That created an optics problem. In discussions about index inclusion  the finance ministry had carved out a path to exempt international bond transactions from taxes. Now  Indian authorities had put forward a different perspective at public OECD forums. Around the beginning of 2022  the tax department  worried about this contradiction  made a decision not to follow through with the exemption  people familiar with the matter said.Meanwhile  in January  Hindu nationalist groups linked to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s party met with senior government officials. They argued that it was unfair for foreigners to receive tax waivers when local investors did not get similar benefits.These groups have enjoyed increasing clout since Modi rose to power in 2014  partly because they can influence local businesses -- his party’s traditional vote bank. Every year  they hold informal discussions with the government ahead of the budget  one person said. In 2019  when the groups opposed a plan to issue a dollar-denominated sovereign bond  the proposal was scrapped. Their opposition contributed to the transfer of a top bureaucrat who supported it.“There is no reason why we should give advantages to foreign investors ” Ashwani Mahajan  one of the leaders of Swadeshi Jagran Manch  a Hindu nationalist group  told Bloomberg a few days before the February budget speech.For now  index inclusion appears all but impossible in the short term.In a recent interview with Bloomberg  Ajay Seth  the secretary of India’s economic affairs ministry  said index providers made last minute requests. Other officials said Euroclear kept moving its goal post  including tax changes beyond the capital gains issue.The inclusion delay has already impacted India’s bond market. In recent months  yields rose amid a surge in global crude prices. Key banks are adjusting interest rates to keep pace with inflation. That’s a concern for the government as it plans to borrow a record amount from the markets to bridge a wide fiscal gap.“With a large supply looming  yields on government securities are likely to harden once next fiscal’s borrowing commences in April ” said Aditi Nayar  chief economist at ICRA Ltd.  the local unit of Moody’s Investors Service. “If there are concrete steps toward bond index inclusion during the year  it could help to cap yields.”Download your money calendar for 2022-23 here and keep your dates with your moneybox  investments  taxes,neutral,0.06,0.67,0.27,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['global bond index inclusion', 'Indiaâ', 'Senior Asia Rates Strategist', 'largest EM bond markets', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman', 'Powerful Hindu nationalist groups', 'dollar-denominated sovereign bond', 'eleventh hour concerns', 'Standard Chartered Plc', 'traditional vote bank', 'Swadeshi Jagran Manch', 'international clearing platforms', 'key tax exemptions', 'new financial year', 'contentious tax negotiations', 'risk diversification benefits', 'Local debt markets', 'Feb. 1 budget talk', 'global minimum rate', 'tax avoidance issues', 'public OECD forums', 'international fiscal policy', 'international bond transactions', 'crucial step change', 'February budget speech', 'major bond indexes', 'senior government officials', 'finance ministry official', 'foreign investors’ perspective', 'India long bonds', 'senior official', 'international wealth', 'Indian debt', 'a year', 'compliance issues', 'Tax authorities', 'tax department', 'tax waivers', 'similar benefits', 'global indexes', 'Global investors', 'local investors', 'local businesses', 'remarkable milestone', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'Policy makers', 'sudden silence', 'sharpest sell-off', 'two years', 'domestic investors', 'privacy rules', 'capital gains', 'pressure point', 'investor base', 'Nagaraj Kulkarni', 'Morgan Stanley', 'second quarter', 'FTSE Russell', 'multiple requests', 'October announcement', 'Economic Co-operation', 'underlying assets', 'optics problem', 'Indian authorities', 'different perspective', 'increasing clout', 'top bureaucrat', 'Ashwani Mahajan', 'Indian officials', 'securities transactions', 'Paris-based group', '$1 trillion market', 'high-yielding market', 'volatile inflows', 'one person', 'Other countries', 'informal discussions', 'index inclusion', '136 countries', 'months', 'Banks', 'country', 'peers', 'timeline', 'clients', 'anticipation', 'analysts', 'April', 'start', 'shock', 'mention', 'traders', 'day', 'buy-call', 'plan', 'interviews', 'politics', 'progress', 'Bankers', 'foreigners', 'taxes', 'discrimination', 'people', 'path', '20 nations', 'consensus', 'right', 'opportunity', 'pool', 'liquidity', 'Singapore', 'challenges', 'Euroclear', 'September', 'work', 'matter', 'watchlist', 'tweak', 'guard', 'answers', 'comment', 'spokesperson', 'email', 'clarification', 'hindsight', 'reversal', 'Organisation', 'Development', 'agreement', 'member', 'position', 'location', 'beginning', 'contradiction', 'decision', 'January', 'party', 'proposal', 'transfer', 'reason', 'advantages', 'leaders', 'Bloomberg']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,moneycontrol.com
2626,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-165000357.html,Notice To Attend The Annual General Meeting Of Shareholders,GOTHENBURG  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 11  2022 / IRLAB Therapeutics (STO:IRLAB-A) (FRA:6IRA)The shareholders of IRLAB Therapeutics AB  company registration...,"GOTHENBURG  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 11  2022 / IRLAB Therapeutics (STO:IRLAB-A) (FRA:6IRA)The shareholders of IRLAB Therapeutics AB  company registration no. 556931-4692 (""IRLAB"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 11 May 2022 at 5.00 PM at the Wallenberg Conference Center  Medicinaregatan 20 A  Gothenburg. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will start at 3.30 PM.The board of IRLAB has in accordance with the temporary rules decided to allow shareholders who do not wish to be physically present at the Annual General Meeting to instead vote by advance voting (Sw. poströstning).Right to participate and notice of intention to participateIn order to have the right to participate at the Annual General Meeting a shareholder must:be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per 3 May 2022  andgive notice of its intention to participate by mail to Computershare AB  ""IRLAB Therapeutics AB Årsstämma""  P.O. Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm  or by telephone +46 771 24 64 00  or by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se or at the Company's website (www.irlab.se)  no later than 5 May 2022.The notice of intention to participate shall state the complete name  personal identity number or corporate registration number  number of shares held  daytime telephone number as well as information of the number of advisors accompanying the shareholder (maximum two advisors).Notice for a legal entity shall be made in accordance with the instructions above.How advance voting worksA specific form is used for advance voting.Shareholders must use the form and follow the instructions which will be available on the Company's website  www.irlab.se  and at the Company's premises at Arvid Wallgrens backe 20  413 46 Gothenburg. The completed and signed form for advance voting must be sent by mail to Computershare AB  ""Irlab årsstämma""  P.O. Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm. The completed form must be received by Computershare AB no later than 5 May 2022. The completed and signed form may also be submitted electronically and must then be sent to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders can also cast a postal vote electronically with BankID via the Company's website  www.irlab.se. If shareholders cast advance votes through a proxy  a power of attorney must be attached to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the power of attorney. Anyone wishing to revoke advance voting and instead exercise their right to vote by attending the meeting physically or by proxy must notify the secretariat of the meeting before the meeting opens.Story continuesComplete instructions for shareholders who wish to exercise their voting by advance voting can be found in form for advance voting.Nominee registered sharesTo be entitled to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have had their shares registered with a nominee  must request that they be temporarily re-registered in their own name. Shareholders who wish to carry out such re-registration  so called registration for voting rights (Sw. rösträttsregistrering)  should notify the nominee in due time before 3 May 2022. The re-registration must be executed with Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 5 May 2022.ProxyIf shareholder is to be represented by a proxy  the proxy must have a written  dated  and signed by the shareholder power of attorney to the Annual General Meeting. The power of attorney may not be older than one year  unless a longer period of validity (however  a maximum of five years) has been stated in the power of attorney. If the power of the attorney has been issued by a legal entity  the proxy must also have relevant certificate of registration or equivalent authorization document for the legal entity. To facilitate the registration at the Annual General Meeting  a copy of the power of attorney and other authorization documents should be attached to the notification to the Annul General Meeting. Power of attorney forms are available on the Company's website (www.irlab.se) and are sent by mail to shareholders who contact the Company and state their address.BusinessProposed agenda1) Opening of the meeting;2) Election of chairman of the meeting;3) Preparation and approval of the voting register;4) Resolution to allow broadcast of the Annual General Meeting over the internet;5) Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes;6) Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened;7) Approval of the agenda;8) Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report for the Company and the group;9) Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet for the Company and the group;10) Resolution regarding allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheet;11) Resolution regarding discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO;i) Gunnar Olssonii) Carole Lemneiii) Lars Adlerssoniv) Rein Piirv) Martin Nicklassonvi) Lena Torlegårdvii) Nicholas Waters12) Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors as well as the number of auditors and deputy auditors;13) Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditors;14) Election of the Board of Directors;The nominations committee's proposal:i) Gunnar Olssonii) Carole Lemneiii) Rein Piiriv) An van Es-Johanssonv) Catharina Gustafsson Wallich15) Election of auditor and deputy auditors  if any;16) Resolution regarding principles for the nomination committee;17) Resolution regarding presentation and approval of the Board of Directors' report of paid and outstanding remuneration to senior management (remuneration report);18) Resolution regarding salary and other compensation to senior management:19) Resolution regarding adoption of new articles of association;20) Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or convertibles;21) Resolution regarding adjustment authorization;22) Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeIn accordance with the Annual General Meeting's principles adopted last year  the nomination committee is composed of one representative each from the three largest shareholders as per the last banking day of August 2021  as well as the chairman of the Company's Board of Directors. The nomination committee consists of Daniel Johnsson (appointed by one of the shareholders group representing approximately 21 percent of shares and votes)  Bo Rydlinger (appointed by one of the shareholder groups representing approximately 15 percent of shares and votes)  Clas Sonesson (appointed by one of the shareholder groups representing approximately 10 percent of shares and votes) and Gunnar Olsson  the chairman of the Board of Directors. Daniel Johnsson has served as the chairman of the nomination committee.Proposed resolutions by the nomination committee2. Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes advokat Dag Fredlund or  in the event of an impediment  the person appointed by the nomination committee  to be elected as the chairman of the Annual General Meeting.12. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors as well as the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the number of directors for the period until the next Annual General Meeting shall be five and that one auditor and no deputy auditor shall be appointed for the same period.13. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the fee per director elected by the Annual General Meeting shall be distributed as follows (last year's figures in brackets): chairman of the Board of Directors SEK 500 000 (400 000) and director not employed by the Company SEK 250 000 (200 000).It is proposed that the fee for work in the audit committee be SEK 75 000 (75 000) to the chairman and SEK 50 000 (50 000) to each of the other members.It is proposed that the fee for work in the remuneration committee be SEK 50 000 (50 000) to the chairman and SEK 30 000 (30 000) to each of the other members.If the meeting resolves according to the nomination committee's proposal as regards the composition of the Board of Directors  the total fee will amount to SEK 1 785 000 (1 685 000).It is proposed that the auditor shall be remunerated according to invoices approved by the Company.14. Election of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes the following Board of Directors: re-election of Gunnar Olsson. Carola Lemne  and Rein Piir  as well as new election of An van Es-Johansson and Catharina Gustafsson Wallich.Gunnar Olsson is proposed to be re-elected as the chairperson of the Board of Directors and Carola Lemne is proposed to be re-elected as the deputy chairperson.Lena Torlegård and Lars Aldersson have declined to be re-elected.Further information about the proposed directors can be found on www.irlab.se.The proposed composition of the Board of Directors of the Company complies with the rules of the Code of Corporate Governance regarding independence. All directors are independent in relation to the Company and its executive management and are independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders.15. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) as auditor of the Company for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. PwC has informed that in the event it is re-elected  Johan Rippe will continue in his capacity as principal auditor.16. Resolution regarding instruction to the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes the following instruction to the nomination committee (which materially corresponds to the instructions adopted at the 2021 Annual General Meeting).1. Appointment of the nomination committee etc.1.1 The nomination committee shall consist of four members - one representative for each one of the three largest shareholders or groups of owners in accordance with clause 1.2. below  which wish to appoint a member to the nomination committee as well as the chairman of the Board of Directors.1.2 The identification of those  who have the right to appoint members to the nomination committee  shall be based on ownership statistics from Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August. For the purpose of assessing the size of the shareholders  a group of shareholders shall be deemed one shareholder if they are grouped as owners in Euroclear Sweden AB's register.1.3 The chairman of the Board of Directors shall  without undue delay  after receipt by the Company of ownership statistics from Euroclear Sweden AB as per the last banking day in August  contact the three largest shareholders to ascertain if they wish to appoint members to the nomination committee. If one or more of the three largest shareholders refrains from appointing a member to the nomination committee  the chairman of the Board of Directors shall offer other major shareholders to appoint a member to the nomination committee. If such offer is made  it shall be made in due order to the largest shareholders (i.e. first to the fourth largest shareholder  thereafter to the fifth largest shareholder  etc.). The procedure shall continue until such time as the nomination committee consists of four members  including the chairman of the Board of Directors.1.4 Board members may be members of the nomination committee  but shall not constitute a majority of its members.1.5 At its first meeting  the nomination committee shall elect a chairman from among its members. The chairman of the board or  where applicable  another board member shall not be the chairman of the nomination committee.1.6 As soon as the nomination committee has been constituted  the Company shall  on its website  disclose the names of the members of the nomination committee  and provide information regarding how shareholders may submit proposals to the nomination committee.1.7 The nomination committee's mandate period shall continue until a new nomination committee has been appointed.1.8 If there is a change to the Company's ownership structure after the last banking day in August  but prior to the date which falls two months prior to the upcoming Annual General Meeting  and if a shareholder  which has not previously had the right to appoint a member to the nomination committee thereby becomes a larger shareholder than one or any of those who have appointed a member to the nomination committee (""new major shareholder"")  the nomination committee shall  if the new major owner requests to appoint a member to the nomination committee  decide that the member of the nomination committee who represents the smallest shareholder after the change shall be dismissed and replaced by the member who is appointed by the new major owner. If a new major owner wishes to appoint a member to the nomination committee  they must notify the chairman of the nomination committee. The application must contain the name of the person appointed by the new major owner as a member of the nomination committee.1.9 A shareholder  which has appointed a member to the nomination committee  has the right to dismiss the member and appoint a new member. If such change takes place  the shareholder shall immediately notify the chairman of the nomination committee (or  if it is the chairman of the nomination committee who shall be replaced  to the chairman of the Board of Directors). The application must contain the name of the dismissed member and the person who shall replace him/her as member of the nomination committee.2. Duties2.1 The nomination committee shall submit proposals for:a) chairman of the Annual General Meeting b) number of board members c) election of board members and election of the chairman of the board d) remuneration to each of the board members elected by the Annual General Meeting e) number of auditors and deputy auditors f) auditor and  where applicable  deputy auditors g) remuneration to auditors  andh) where applicable  amendment of instructions for the nomination committee.2.2 The members of the nomination committee shall serve the interests of all the shareholders.2.3 The nomination committee shall provide the Board of Directors with its proposals for resolution in due time prior to the latest day for the summons to the Annual General meeting or  where applicable  the extraordinary General Meeting.3. Meeting3.1 The nomination committee shall meet as often as is required in order for the nomination committee to be able to fulfil its duties. The chairman of the board shall convene its first meeting. Summons to other meetings shall be issued by the chairman of the nomination committee. If a member requests that the nomination committee be convened  the request must be complied with.3.2 The nomination committee is quorate if more than half of the members are present. Decisions in matters may  however  not be made unless all the members have been offered the opportunity to take part in the processing of the matter.3.3 Upon election of chairman of the nomination committee the person who receives the most votes is considered elected. In the event of an equal number of votes  the election shall be decided by drawing of lots.3.4 The nomination committee's decision is the opinion that more than half of the members present vote for or  if there are an equal amount of votes  the opinion that is supported by the chairman of the nomination committee.3.5 Minutes shall be taken at the nomination committee's meetings  which shall be signed and adjusted by the chairman of the nomination committee and the member appointed by the nomination committee. The minutes shall be taken and kept in accordance with what is applicable for board minutes.4. Confidentiality4.1 A member of the nomination committee is subject to a duty of confidentiality regarding the Company's affairs and this obligation shall  at the Company's request  be confirmed by the member by signing a special confidentiality agreement between the member and the Company.5. Fee and reimbursement of costs5.1 Fees shall not be paid to members of the nomination committee.The Company shall be responsible for reasonable costs attributable to the nomination committee's work.Proposed resolutions by the Board of Directors3. Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe voting register  which is proposed for approval under clause 3 of the agenda is the voting register that has been prepared by the chairman  based on the annual general meeting share register and advance votes received  and which have been verified by the adjusters.5. Election of one or two adjustorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the minutes shall be adjusted by Stefan Andersson and Daniel Johnsson or  in the event of an impediment for one or both of them  the person or persons indicated by the Board of Directors. The adjustors' tasks also include checking the voting list and that advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Annual General Meeting.10. Resolution on allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company's profit or loss is allocated according to the Board of Directors' proposal in the annual report. The Board of Directors further proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2021.17. Resolution regarding presentation and approval of the Board of Directors report on paid and outstanding compensation to senior management (remuneration report).The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the report presented by the Board of Directors on compensation paid and outstanding to senior management  prepared in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.18. Resolution regarding guidelines for salary and other compensation to senior managementThe Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for the determination of salaries and other compensation to senior management.These guidelines include board members  the CEO and members of IRLAB's company management (Management Group). The guidelines shall be applicable to compensation that is agreed and amendments made to previously agreed compensation  subsequent to the adoption of the guidelines at the Annual General Meeting 2022. The guidelines do not include compensation resolved by the Annual General Meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the Company's business strategy  long-term interest and sustainabilityThe Company's business strategy is to discover new drug candidates with the help of ISP (Integrative Screening Process) and develop them into a so-called clinical ""Proof of Concept"" when clear indications of efficacy  tolerability and safety are achieved and thereafter seek partnership with international pharmaceutical companies for further development  registration and marketing.For further detailed information about the Company's business strategy please refer to the Company's annual reports and the website.The work with drug development takes a long time which means that continuity as well as low employee turnover are important. Successful implementation of the Company's business strategy and safeguarding of the Company's long-term interest  including concern for the sustainability of the business  therefore assumes that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified employees. To achieve this  it is necessary that the Company can offer good working conditions with competitive levels of compensation. These guidelines enables the Company's executives to be offered a competitive total compensation.Forms of compensation etc.In the Company  the market compensation consists of fixed cash salary  pension benefits and other benefits. In addition and independently of these guidelines  the Annual General Meeting may resolve on  for example  share and share price-related compensation.Cash variable compensation can be paid in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and only made at the individual level as compensation for extraordinary work effort in addition to the person's ordinary duties. Such compensation may not be paid more than twice a year and per individual and may not exceed an amount in total corresponding to 25 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Decision on such compensation shall be made by the board of directors on the proposal of the remuneration committee.The pension premiums for defined contribution pensions for the CEO and management group in the company vary greatly depending on  among other things  age  previous salary and employment conditions.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance  must be defined-contribution. Any variable cash compensation shall not be pension-based. The pension premiums for defined-contribution pensions may amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be defined-contribution unless the executive is covered by a defined-benefit pension in accordance with mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash compensation shall be pension-based to the extent it follows from mandatory collective agreement provisions that are applicable to the executive. The pension premiums for defined-contribution pensions may amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  among other things  life insurance  health insurance and car benefit. Such benefits may amount in total to a maximum of 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Termination of employmentUpon termination of employment  the notice period may not exceed twelve months. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and severance pay may not exceed an amount in total corresponding to the fixed cash salary for two years. In the event of termination on the part of the executive  the termination period may be not exceed 18 months for the CEO and no longer than six months for the other senior executives.In addition  compensation may be paid for any undertaking to restrict competition. Such compensation shall compensate for any loss of income and shall only be paid to the extent that the previous executive is not entitled to severance pay. The compensation shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination and shall be paid during the period the undertaking regarding restriction of competition applies  which shall be no longer than six months after the termination of employment.Salary and terms of employment for employeesIn preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these compensation guidelines  salary and terms of employment for the Company's employees have been taken into consideration through information about employees' total compensation  compensation components and the increase and rate of increase over time has formed part of the remuneration committee's and Board of Directors' basis for decision in the evaluation of the equity of the guidelines and the restrictions that follow as a result of these. The development of the gap between compensation for senior executives and compensation for other employees will be detailed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to establish  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's duties include preparing the Board of Director's decision on proposed guidelines for compensation to senior executives. The Board of Directors shall prepare proposals for new guidelines at least every four years and submit the proposal for resolution at the Annual General Meeting. The guidelines shall apply until new guidelines have been adopted by the Annual General Meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate the application of guidelines for compensation to senior executives as well as current compensation structures and levels in the Company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent in relation to the Company and the company management. During consideration of and decisions on compensation-related issues by the Board of Directors  neither the CEO nor other persons in the company management shall attend  insofar as they are affected by the issues.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may decide to temporarily deviate from the guidelines in whole or in part  if in an individual case if there are special reasons to do so and a deviation is necessary to meet the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company's economic viability. As stated above  it is part of the remuneration committee's duties to prepare Board of Directors' decisions in compensation issues  which include decisions regarding deviations from the guidelines.Description of important changes to the guidelines and how the shareholders' views have been taken into account.These guidelines correspond to the guidelines adopted at the 2020 Annual General Meeting19. Resolution on adoption of new Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that a new § 12 is added to the Articles of Association in order to give the Board of Directors the right to collect powers of attorney  and to allow advance voting (Sw. poströstning) for future general meetings. The numbering of the subsequent parts of the Articles of Association will change as a consequence.Current wording Proposed wording Not applicable § 12 Collection of powers of attorney and advance votingThe Board of Directors may collect powers of attorney in the manner stipulated in Chapter 7 Section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The board may before a general meeting resolve to allow shareholders to exercise their voting rights in advance of the general meeting in accordance with what is stipulated in Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).The approval by the Annual General Meeting of this proposal in accordance with the above is valid only if supported by shareholders representing at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the votes represented at the meeting.20. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or convertibles;The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or several occasions  on issue of shares of series A and/or convertibles entitling to conversion to shares of series A during the time until the next Annual General Meeting for payment in cash and/or with terms regarding set-off or issue in kind or otherwise with terms and thereby deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders.The issues shall be done to a marketable issue price determined by the Board of Directors in consultation with the Company's financial advisers  if any  taking into consideration any marketable issue-discount  where applicable.The Board of Directors proposes that 5 166 630 shares of series A could be issued with or without the preferential right of the shareholders corresponding to a reduced shareholding for non-participating shareholders (dilution) amounting to just under 9.1 percent or an increase of the existing number of outstanding shares with just under 10 percent.The purpose of the authorization and the reason to deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders is that issues shall be possible for financing the Company's business  commercialisation and development of the Company's products and markets and/or acquisition of businesses  companies or parts of companies and/or enable a broadening of the owner base of the Company.The approval by the Annual General Meeting of this proposal is valid only if supported by shareholders representing at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the votes represented at the meeting.21. Resolution regarding adjustment authorizationThe Board of Directors or the person appointed by the Board of Directors shall be authorized to make such minor amendments and clarifications of the resolution by the Annual General Meeting that may prove necessary in connection with registration of the resolutions.Number of shares and votesAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 51 748 406  whereof 51 668 630 series A and 79 776 series B. The total number of votes amounts to 51 748 406. The Company holds no treasury shares.InformationWhere so requested by any shareholder and the Board of Directors deems that it can take place without serious harm to the Company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information regarding circumstances which may have an impact on the assessment of an item on the agenda and any circumstances which may have an impact on the assessment of the financial position of the Company. The obligation to provide information also refers to the Company's relationship to other Group companies and consolidated accounts as well as such relationships regarding Group companies as referred to above.Annual report and other documentsAccounting documents  auditors' report and other documents to be considered at the Annual General Meeting will be available at the Company's office at Arvid Wallgrens backe 20  413 46 Göteborg and on the Company's website  www.irlab.se  no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting. The documents are also be forwarded free of charge to the shareholders who request it and provide their address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.Göteborg in April 2022IRLAB Therapeutics ABThe Board of DirectorsFor more informationNicholas Waters  CEOPhone: +46 730 75 77 01E-mail: nicholas.waters@irlab.seViktor Siewertz  CFOPhone: +46 727 10 70 70E-mail: viktor.siewertz@irlab.seAbout IRLABIRLAB discovers and develops novel treatments of Parkinson's disease and other disorders of the brain. The company's most advanced drug candidates  mesdopetam (IRL790) and pirepemat (IRL752)  are in Phase IIb and are designed to treat some of the most difficult symptoms related to Parkinson's disease. In 2021  IRLAB entered an exclusive and worldwide license with Ipsen for the development and marketing of mesdopetam.Through ISP  its proprietary research platform  IRLAB has discovered and developed all its experimental drug candidates and continues to discover innovative drug candidates for the treatment of disorders of the brain. In addition to IRLAB's strong clinical pipeline  IRLAB runs several preclinical programs with IRL942 and IRL757 currently in development towards Phase I. IRLAB is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. More information on www.irlab.se.AttachmentsIRLAB AGM Notice 2022 English TranslationSOURCE: IRLAB TherapeuticsView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696932/Notice-To-Attend-The-Annual-General-Meeting-Of-Shareholders",neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,mixed,0.3,0.31,0.39,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'The', 'Shareholders', 'IRLAB Therapeutics AB Årsstämma', 'Irlab årsstämma', 'Wallenberg Conference Center', 'P.O. Box', 'Arvid Wallgrens backe', 'other authorization document', 'equivalent authorization document', 'Annul General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'corporate registration number', 'maximum two advisors', 'Nominee registered shares', 'two persons', 'Computershare AB', 'annual report', 'Medicinaregatan 20 A', 'temporary rules', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'postal vote', 'due time', 'longer period', 'five years', 'relevant certificate', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'Gunnar Olsson', 'Carole Lemne', 'Lars Adlersson', 'Rein Piir', 'voting rights', 'voting register', 'advance voting', 'complete name', 'registration certificate', 'one year', 'Complete instructions', 'specific form', 'completed form', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'attorney forms', 'company registration', 'shareholder power', '3 May', '5 May', 'GOTHENBURG', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'IRLAB-A', 'FRA', '6IRA', 'shareholders', 'notice', '3.30 PM', 'board', 'accordance', 'intention', 'order', 'mail', 'Stockholm', 'proxy', 'se', 'website', 'information', 'BankID', 'votes', 'Anyone', 'Story', 're-registration', 'validity', 'copy', 'notification', 'address', 'Business', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'broadcast', 'internet', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'group', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'results', 'discharge', 'liability', 'directors', 'CEO', 'Mar', '5.00', '102']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2627,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-spago-072000905.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of Spago Nanomedical AB (publ),LUND  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 11  2022 / Spago Nanomedical (STO:SPAGO.F)The shareholders of Spago Nanomedical AB (publ)  corporate registration number...,"LUND  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 11  2022 / Spago Nanomedical (STO:SPAGO.ST)(FRA:7UX.F)The shareholders of Spago Nanomedical AB (publ)  corporate registration number 556574-5048 are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday May 18  2022  at 4.00 p.m. CEST in the premises of Advokatfirman Cederquist at Hovslagargatan 3 in Stockholm.Right to attendShareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting shall:be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday May 10  2022 and give notice of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting of Spago Nanomedical no later than Thursday May 12  2022. Notice of attendance may be given:by e-mail to ursula.sorqvist@cederquist.se by mail to Advokatfirman Cederquist  P.O. Box 1670  SE-111 96 Stockholm  Sweden  Att: Ursula Sörqvist (mark the envelope with ""Spago Nanomedical AB  AGM 2022"")  or by phone +46 (0)8 522 065 34 between 9.00 a.m. and 4.00 p.m CEST.When giving notice of attendance  the shareholders shall state their name  address  daytime telephone number  personal identification number or company registration number and any assistants who shall participate (but not more than two).Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  to be entitled to exercise their voting rights and attend the Annual General Meeting  temporarily register such shares in their own names in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden (so called voting right registration). The shareholders' register as of the record date  Tuesday May 10  2022  will consider voting right registrations made no later than the second banking day after May 10  2022. This means that shareholders should notify their nominee in this matter well in advance of this date.Proxy etc.Shareholders who wish to participate through a proxy representative should send power of attorneys  certificates of incorporation and other authorisation documents to Spago Nanomedical to the above address well in advance of the Annual General Meeting. Such original power of attorney shall be brought to the Annual General Meeting. A proxy form is available on the company´s website  www.spagonanomedical.se.Story continuesPersonal data processingIn connection with the notice of attendance the company will process the personal data regarding shareholders that has been requested in accordance with the above. The personal data collected from the share register  notice of attendance at the Annual General Meeting and information on proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list and  where applicable  minutes of the Annual General Meeting. The personal data will only be used for the Annual General Meeting. For further information on how your personal data is processed by the company and your rights  please see the company´s website  www.spagonanomedical.se.Proposed agendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting. Election of chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report. Presentation by the CEO. Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet. dispositions regarding the company´s earnings in accordance with the adopted balance sheet. discharge from liability for the directors of the board and the CEO for the financial year 2021. Determination of the number of directors and deputy directors of the board. Determination of remuneration to the directors of the board and the auditors. Election of directors and chairman of the board of directors. Election of auditor. Resolution on adopting instructions to the nomination committee. Resolution on amendments to the articles of association. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2. Election of chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe nomination committee proposes that Tone Myhre-Jensen  member of the Swedish Bar Association  is elected chairman of the Annual General Meeting  or  if she should be unable to attend the meeting  the person appointed by the nomination committee.Item 9. b) Resolution on dispositions regarding the company´s earnings in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that accumulated funds of KSEK 59 211  of which KSEK -39 071 are the results for the year  be transferred to new accounts.Item 10. Determination of the number of directors and deputy directors of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  shall consist of five directors with no deputies.Item 11. Determination of remuneration to the directors of the board and the auditorsFor the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration of SEK 200 000 (unchanged) shall be paid to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 95 000 (unchanged) shall be paid to each of the other directors of the board.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 12. Election of directors and chairman of the board of directorsFor the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the nomination committee proposes that Peter Leander  Sten Nilsson  Kari Grønås  Eugen Steiner and Nicklas Westerholm shall be re-elected as directors of the board.The nomination committee proposes that Eugen Steiner shall be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.Further information about the proposed directors is available on the company´s website  www.spagonanomedical.se.Item 13. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the registered accounting firm BDO Mälardalen AB is re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Mälardalen AB has informed the nomination committee that if re-elected  Jörgen Lövgren  authorised public accountant  will continue to be the auditor in charge.Item 14. Resolution on adopting instructions to the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt the following instructions for the nomination committee  to apply until the General Meeting decides otherwise.The nomination committee shall prepare proposals in the following matters to be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for resolutions:proposal for chairman of the meeting proposal for number of directors and deputy directors of the board proposal for directors and any deputy directors of the board proposal for chairman of the board of directors proposal for remuneration and other fees for board assignments to each of the board members and remuneration for committee work proposal for auditor (if applicable) proposal for fees for the auditor of the company  and proposal for instructions for the nomination committee´s work and compositionThe nomination committee shall consist of at least three members and be formed in consultation with the largest shareholders of the company as per September 30th and who wish to appoint a member. It is the responsibility of the chairman of the board of directors to convene the nomination committee for its first meeting and to be available  when necessary  in the nomination committee´s work. The chairman of the board of directors shall not be a member of the nomination committee. The nomination committee shall appoint a chairman for the nomination committee at its first meeting.The nomination committee is appointed for a period from the time it is formed until the next nomination committee is formed. If a member leaves its assignment prematurely  the nomination committee may appoint a new member. Provided that the shareholder who appointed the resigned member is still one of the largest shareholders in the company  the shareholder shall be asked to appoint a new member. If this shareholder refrains from appointing a new member  the nomination committee may ask the next shareholder in order of size of shareholding who has not previously appointed a member of the nomination committee. The chairman of the nomination committee shall  however  continue to contact shareholders next in turn if necessary for the nomination committee to consist of three members. If the ownership structure of the company changes  the nomination committee may choose to change its composition so that the nomination committee reflects the ownership structure of the company in an appropriate manner. However  the total number of members may never exceed five. Even if there are changes in the company's ownership structure  no changes need to be made in the composition of the nomination committee in the event of minor changes or if a change occurs less than three months before the Annual General Meeting  unless it is motivated due to special circumstances.Remuneration shall only be paid for costs attributable to contracting recruitment consultants in connection with the nomination committee's work and other potential direct costs that are necessary for the nomination committee to be able to fulfil its work. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the nomination committee.The nomination committee shall annually evaluate these instructions and  if necessary  propose changes to the Annual General Meeting. These instructions shall apply until the Annual General Meeting decides otherwise.Item 15. Resolution on amendments to the articles of associationThe board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to change the articles of association's (i) § 4 so that the limits for the company's share capital are adjusted  and (ii) § 5 so that the limits for the number of shares are adjusted. §§ 4 and 5 of the articles of association will then have the following wordings:§ 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall amount to a minimum of SEK 40 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 160 000 000.§ 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares may not be fewer than 40 000 000 and not exceed 160 000 000.Item 16. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve to issue new sharesThe board of directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares in accordance with the following.The board of directors is authorised to  on one or several occasions before the next Annual General Meeting  resolve to issue new shares. Such issues of new shares may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. By resolutions based on the authorisation to issue new shares  issues of shares without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights may be made up to  in total  as many shares as falls within the limits of the articles of association at the time of exercise of the authorisation. By resolutions based on the authorisation to issue new shares  issues of shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights may be made up to  in total  the number of shares corresponding to twenty (20) percent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company at the time of exercise of the authorisation the first time. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on issues where payment is made in cash  by contribution in kind or by way of set-off. A cash issue or issue by way of set-off that is made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be in line with market terms.The purpose of the authorisation and the reasons for potential deviations from the shareholders' preferential rights are that issues shall be able to be made in order to enable capital raisings if market conditions would be deemed appropriate and/or to broaden the ownership base of Spago Nanomedical by offering financial and industrial investors to invest in the company.Other informationMajority requirementsThe resolutions of the Annual General Meeting pursuant to items 15 and 16 above require that the resolutions are supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Number of sharesSpago Nanomedical has a total of 41 182 287 shares with one vote each  thus a total of 41 182 287 votes.Shareholders' right to receive informationShareholders have the right to  if the board of directors believes that it can be done without significant damage to the company  receive information from the board of directors and the CEO regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the company's financial situation. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance of the Annual General Meeting can do so in writing to Spago Nanomedical AB (publ)  c/o Advokatfirman Cederquist  P.O. Box 1670  SE-111 96 Stockholm  Sweden  Att: Ursula Sörqvist (mark the envelope with ""Spago Nanomedical AB (publ)  AGM 2022"") or by sending an e-mail to ursula.sorqvist@cederquist.se (state ""Spago Nanomedical AB (publ)  AGM 2022"" as the subject).DocumentsProxy forms  information regarding proposed board members  proposed new articles of association  accounting documents and auditor's report are available at Spago Nanomedical no later than from April 27  2022  and on the company's website www.spagonanomedical.se  and will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so requests and states their postal or e-mail address. The documents are available at the Annual General Meeting.________________Lund  April 2022Spago Nanomedical AB (publ)The board of directorsFor further information  please contact Mats Hansen  CEO Spago Nanomedical AB  +46 46 811 88  mats.hansen@spagonanomedical.seSpago Nanomedical AB is a Swedish nanomedicines company in clinical development phase. The company´s development projects are based on a platform of polymeric materials with unique properties for more precise diagnosis and treatment of solid tumors. Spago Nanomedical´s share is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker: SPAGO). For further information  see www.spagonanomedical.se.FNCA Sweden AB is the Certified Adviser of the company  +46 8 528 00 399  info@fnca.se.AttachmentsNotice to Annual General Meeting of Spago Nanomedical AB (publ)SOURCE: Spago NanomedicalView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696848/Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Spago-Nanomedical-AB-publ",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.37,0.32,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Spago Nanomedical AB', 'Notice', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'second banking day', 'daytime telephone number', 'Ursula Sörqvist', 'other authorisation documents', 'Such original power', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'Spago Nanomedical AB', 'personal identification number', 'Personal data processing', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registrations', 'company registration number', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'corporate registration', 'share register', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'nomination committee', 'Tone Myhre-Jensen', 'new accounts', 'voting rights', 'Advokatfirman Cederquist', 'proxy representative', 'proxy form', 'Wednesday May', 'Thursday May', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'record date', 'financial year', 'new shares', 'deputy directors', 'five directors', ""shareholders' register"", 'LUND', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'FRA', '7UX', 'publ', 'premises', 'Hovslagargatan', 'Stockholm', 'Tuesday', 'notice', 'intention', 'attendance', 'mail', 'sorqvist', 'envelope', 'AGM', '9.00 a', 'CEST', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'matter', 'advance', 'attorneys', 'certificates', 'incorporation', 'website', 'spagonanomedical', 'Story', 'connection', 'accordance', 'above', 'information', 'proxies', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'dispositions', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'board', 'remuneration', 'instructions', 'amendments', 'articles', 'Closing', 'Item', 'member', 'funds', 'KSEK', 'results', 'period', 'deputies', '4.00']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2628,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.business-standard.com/article/markets/how-india-s-much-anticipated-global-bond-index-inclusion-unraveled-122041100134_1.html,How India's much-anticipated global bond index inclusion unraveled,Inclusion was perceived as a crucial step change for the $1 trillion market.,For months  India prepared for a remarkable milestone: getting its bonds listed on global indexes. Inclusion was perceived as a crucial step change for the $1 trillion market. Banks penciled in inflows of as much as $40 billion for a country that has long lagged behind peers in tapping international wealth.The timeline seemed so final that Citigroup Inc. advised its clients to buy Indian debt in anticipation that key tax exemptions would be announced to facilitate the change. Policy makers and analysts predicted inclusion as early as April 1  the start of the new financial year.So it came as a shock when Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman didn’t make any mention of it in her February budget speech. The sudden silence puzzled traders. Within a day  Citi reversed its buy-call. Local debt saw the sharpest sell-off in almost two years. It was as if a plan had never existed.In interviews  Indian officials who were part of discussions described how politics and contentious tax negotiations intertwined to stall progress. Bankers worried about volatile inflows. Powerful Hindu nationalist groups raised eleventh hour concerns that exempting foreigners from taxes would lead to discrimination against domestic investors  according to the people  who asked not to be identified citing privacy rules.Now  many believe inclusion isn’t likely for at least a year. Officials say a path forward isn’t possible until Group of 20 nations reach a consensus on a country’s right to tax capital gains  another pressure point for India.“From India’s perspective  we are losing an opportunity to tap a pool of liquidity and an investor base ” said Nagaraj Kulkarni  Senior Asia Rates Strategist at Standard Chartered Plc in Singapore. “From a foreign investors’ perspective  India is one of the largest EM bond that is yet to be included in major bond indexes.”With inclusion shelved  “investors lose out on a relatively high-yielding market that also offers risk diversification benefits ” he said.An About-FaceThe challenges facing India are partly structural.Global investors want India to get its bonds on international clearing platforms  which help settle securities transactions. For that to happen  Euroclear  one of the major ones  has pushed India to exempt the transactions from taxes to avoid compliance issues. Other countries using the platform follow that policy.In India  progress seemed steady. In September  a senior official from the finance ministry said most of the work had been done. Tax authorities appeared ready to exempt these transactions  according to a person familiar with the matter. Morgan Stanley predicted inclusion to some indexes as early as the second quarter of 2022. FTSE Russell put India on its watchlist.Sitharaman was supposed to reveal the change in the Feb. 1 budget talk. Euroclear expected the tweak right up until the speech  according to a finance ministry official.When she said nothing  Euroclear was caught off-guard  the official said. So was the market: Citi quickly reversed its buy-call on India long bonds. Traders called the ministry searching for answers.Euroclear didn’t reply to multiple requests for comment. A spokesperson for India’s finance ministry didn’t respond to an email seeking clarification.What Went WrongIn hindsight  officials said India’s reversal connects to an October announcement from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  the Paris-based group that develops international fiscal policy.To address tax avoidance issues  the OECD helped broker an agreement with 136 countries to implement a global minimum rate. India  which is a member of the group  took the position that countries had the right to tax capital gains based on the location of underlying assets.That created an optics problem. In discussions about index inclusion  the finance ministry had carved out a path to exempt international bond transactions from taxes. Now  Indian authorities had put forward a different perspective at public OECD forums. Around the beginning of 2022  the tax department  worried about this contradiction  made a decision not to follow through with the exemption  people familiar with the matter said.Meanwhile  in January  Hindu nationalist groups linked to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s party met with senior government officials. They argued that it was unfair for foreigners to receive tax waivers when local investors did not get similar benefits.These groups have enjoyed increasing clout since Modi rose to power in 2014  partly because they can influence local businesses -- his party’s traditional vote bank. Every year  they hold informal discussions with the government ahead of the budget  one person said. In 2019  when the groups opposed a plan to issue a dollar-denominated sovereign bond  the proposal was scrapped. Their opposition contributed to the transfer of a top bureaucrat who supported it.“There is no reason why we should give advantages to foreign investors ” Ashwani Mahajan  one of the leaders of Swadeshi Jagran Manch  a Hindu nationalist group  told Bloomberg a few days before the February budget speech.Looking AheadFor now  index inclusion appears all but impossible in the short term.In a recent interview with Bloomberg  Ajay Seth  the secretary of India’s economic affairs ministry  said index providers made last minute requests. Other officials said Euroclear kept moving its goal post  including tax changes beyond the capital gains issue.The inclusion delay has already impacted India’s bond market. In recent months  yields rose amid a surge in global crude prices. Key banks are adjusting interest rates to keep pace with inflation. That’s a concern for the government as it plans to borrow a record amount from the to bridge a wide fiscal gap.“With a large supply looming  yields on government securities are likely to harden once next fiscal’s borrowing commences in April ” said Aditi Nayar  chief economist at ICRA Ltd.  the local unit of Moody’s Investors Service. “If there are concrete steps toward inclusion during the year  it could help to cap yields.”,neutral,0.06,0.82,0.12,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['global bond index inclusion', 'India', 'Senior Asia Rates Strategist', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman', 'Powerful Hindu nationalist groups', 'eleventh hour concerns', 'Standard Chartered Plc', 'largest EM bond', 'traditional vote bank', 'dollar-denominated sovereign bond', 'Swadeshi Jagran Manch', 'international clearing platforms', 'key tax exemptions', 'new financial year', 'contentious tax negotiations', 'risk diversification benefits', 'Feb. 1 budget talk', 'global minimum rate', 'tax avoidance issues', 'public OECD forums', 'international fiscal policy', 'crucial step change', 'international bond transactions', 'February budget speech', 'major bond indexes', 'senior government officials', 'finance ministry official', 'foreign investors’ perspective', 'India long bonds', 'senior official', 'international wealth', 'a year', 'compliance issues', 'Tax authorities', 'tax department', 'tax waivers', 'similar benefits', 'global indexes', 'Global investors', 'remarkable milestone', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'Indian debt', 'Policy makers', 'sudden silence', 'Local debt', 'sharpest sell-off', 'two years', 'domestic investors', 'privacy rules', 'capital gains', 'pressure point', 'investor base', 'Nagaraj Kulkarni', 'Morgan Stanley', 'second quarter', 'FTSE Russell', 'multiple requests', 'October announcement', 'Economic Co-operation', 'underlying assets', 'optics problem', 'Indian authorities', 'different perspective', 'local investors', 'increasing clout', 'local businesses', 'top bureaucrat', 'Ashwani Mahajan', 'Indian officials', 'securities transactions', 'Paris-based group', '$1 trillion market', 'high-yielding market', 'volatile inflows', 'one person', 'Other countries', 'informal discussions', 'index inclusion', '136 countries', 'months', 'Banks', 'country', 'peers', 'timeline', 'clients', 'anticipation', 'analysts', 'April', 'start', 'shock', 'mention', 'traders', 'day', 'buy-call', 'plan', 'interviews', 'politics', 'progress', 'Bankers', 'foreigners', 'taxes', 'discrimination', 'people', 'path', '20 nations', 'consensus', 'right', 'opportunity', 'pool', 'liquidity', 'Singapore', 'Face', 'challenges', 'Euroclear', 'September', 'work', 'matter', 'watchlist', 'tweak', 'guard', 'answers', 'comment', 'spokesperson', 'email', 'clarification', 'hindsight', 'reversal', 'Organisation', 'Development', 'agreement', 'member', 'position', 'location', 'beginning', 'contradiction', 'decision', 'January', 'party', 'proposal', 'transfer', 'reason', 'advantages', 'leaders']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,business-standard.com
2630,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-eolus-111500441.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Eolus Vind AB (publ),1 day ago,"Eolus Vind ABHässleholm  Sweden  April 11th  2022The shareholders of Eolus Vind AB (publ) Reg. No. 556389-3956 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held on May 19  2022 at 2 p.m. CEST in Kulturhuset in Hässleholm  Vattugatan 18. Registration for the AGM begins at 1.30 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Eolus’ Articles of Association.Right to participateParticipation in the meeting roomA) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 11  2022  and no later than May 13  2022 preferably before 4 p.m. CEST  notify the company of their intention to participate in the AGM.Registration to attend the AGM should primarily be made via the company’s website https://www.eolusvind.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meeting/Registration to attend can also be made in writing under the address Eolus Vind AB ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone  08-402 90 41. When registering  the shareholder must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com . A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories. In order to facilitate the registration process at the AGM  a proxy together with registration certificate and any other authorization documents shall be received by the company at the above address at 4 p.m. CEST on May 13  2022  at the latest. If a proxy and other authorization documents have not been submitted in advance of the AGM  a proxy and other authorization documents shall be presented at the AGM.Story continuesParticipation by postal votingB) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting by postal voting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 11  2022  and no later than May 13  2022 notify the company by casting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Anyone who wishes to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice through postal voting only is not sufficient for those who wishes to attend the meeting room.A special form must be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com . The completed and signed form may be sent by mail to Eolus Vind AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com . The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than May 13  2022. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB’s website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/ .Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com . A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the AGM  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the AGM  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of May 11  2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee’s routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than May 13  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Election of two persons to check the minutes Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation Presentation ofthe annual report and the auditor’s report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report for the Group the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives the Board of Directors’ proposal on appropriation of the company’s profit and reasoned statement thereonResolutions regardingadoption of the statement of income and the balance sheet and the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheet appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet discharge of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 2021Determination of the number of Board members  deputy Board members  auditors and deputy auditors Determination of fees to Board members and auditor Election of Board members and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee’s proposal:Sigrun Hjelmquist Hans Johansson Jan Johansson Hans Linnarson Bodil Rosvall Jönsson Hans-Göran Stennert Hans-Göran Stennert  as Chairman of the BoardElection of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program Closing of the meetingProposed resolutionsElection of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee for the AGM 2022 has consisted of the chairman Hans Gydell (appointed by Hans-Göran Stennert)  Ingvar Svantesson (appointed by Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag)  Hans Johansson (appointed by Åke Johansson) and the Chairman of the Board  Hans-Göran Stennert.The Nomination Committe has proposed that Eolus’ General Counsel  Karl Olsson  shall be elected chairman of the AGM 2022.Dividend (item 8b)The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.50 per share is declared for the financial year 2021. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes May 23  2022. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting May 27  2022.Election of Board members  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and determination of fees(items 9-12)The Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM resolves as follows:that the Board of Directors shall consist of six members  with no deputy members;that one Auditor shall be appointed  with no deputy Auditor;that  fees to the Board members shall be SEK 450 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 225 000 each to other Board members who are not employed by the company  fees for work in the Audit Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 60 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and in the amount of SEK 30 000 to other members who are not employed by the company  and fees for work in the Remuneration Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 15 000 to members who are not employed by the company;that the Auditor’s fee is to be paid according to agreement;that Board members Sigrun Hjelmquist  Hans Johansson  Jan Johansson  Hans Linnarson  Bodil Rosvall Jönsson and Hans-Göran Stennert are re-elected;that Hans-Göran Stennert is re-elected as Chairman of the Board;that   in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor; PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that the authorized public accountant Vicky Johansson will be appointed as auditor in charge should the AGM resolve in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 13)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program (item 14)The Board of Directors of Eolus Vind AB (publ) proposes that the AGM 2022 resolves on a long-term share savings program for the company’s employees (the “Share Savings Program 2022”).The Share Savings Program 2022 entails that all employees within Eolus can choose to use an amount corresponding to a maximum of one month’s salary of their potential variable cash remuneration relating to the financial year 2022 to acquire shares in Eolus (”Savings Shares”). Acquisition of Savings Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from when the outcome of the variable cash remuneration program has been established and the participants have informed Eolus whether they want to participate in the Share Savings Program.Provided that the participant still holds all of the Savings Shares and is still employed within the Eolus group three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares  Eolus will remunerate the participant with an amount corresponding to the cost for acquiring the number of Eolus shares corresponding to half of the number of Savings Shares (“Matching Shares”). Acquisition of Matching Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from the date falling three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares.In order to ensure that the participant’s financial situation as far as possible shall remain unchanged  the number of Matching Shares shall be subject to customary recalculation should the company’s share capital increase or decrease  convertible debt instruments or options be issued or the company be liquidated or merged  or any similar changes to the company occur.Should the participant be prohibited from acquiring Savings Shares due to possession of inside information  the Board of Directors may in individual cases prolong or postpone the above mentioned investment period  although not beyond the next AGM. The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed conditions and the administration of the Share Savings Program 2022 within the terms and conditions set forth above  and may also make such minor adjustments and applications as may be appropriate for legal or administrative reasons.Based on the assumptions of maximum outcome in the variable cash remuneration program  full investments by the entitled participants and an unchanged share price at the time of delivery of the Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2022 are estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 2 2 million. Assuming a 25 per cent increase in Eolus’ share price at the time of delivery of Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2022  including employer contributions  are estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 2 8 million and assuming a 50 per cent increase in the share price at such time  the costs are estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 3 3 million  including employer contributions. The Share Savings Program 2022 does not result in any dilution of the holdings of the company’s shareholders and is not deemed to affect any performance measure important for Eolus. No measures have been taken to hedge Eolus’ costs against its own share price in connection with the purchase of Matching shares.The proposal on Share Savings Program 2022 has been prepared by the Board of Directors and the Remuneration Committee. In the company  similar share savings programs for the financial years 2021  2019/2020 and 2018/2019 relating to the variable cash remuneration have previously been adopted. By requiring  as described above  that the participants make an own investment in Eolus shares and thereby reconciling the employees’ and the shareholders’ interests of a long-term increase of the company’s value  the Share Savings Program 2022 is expected to enhance Eolus’ possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees while at the same time promoting Eolus’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.The proposal must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting.Available documentationThe following documentation will be held available at the company and on the company’s website at least three weeks ahead of the AGM. The documentation will also be sent  without any cost for the recipients  to shareholders who so request and provide their address or e-mail address: (i) the accounting material and the auditor’s report  (ii)  the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the resolved guidelines for remuneration to senior executives  (iii) remuneration report  (iv) the complete proposal of the Board of Directors with respect to appropriation of profit and the Board of Directors’ motivated statement thereon  and (v) the complete proposal of the Board of Directors with respect to the long-term share savings program.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of issue of this convening notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 24 907 000  of which 1 285 625 shares are Class A shares and 23 621 375 shares are Class B shares. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 647 762.5.Information at the AGMThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so request and if the Board of Directors considers that this can be done without significant harm for the company or its subsidiaries  give information on circumstances that can affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company’s relationship with another group company (including the consolidated financial statements).Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .Hässleholm in April 2022Eolus Vind AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information contact:Per Witalisson  CEO  +46 70-265 16 15Johan Hammarqvist  Head of Communications  +46 720 50 59 11About Eolus:Eolus Vind AB is one of the leading wind power developers in the Nordics. Eolus is active in the whole value chain from development of green field projects to construction and operation of wind farms. Eolus offers attractive and competitive investments in the Nordic and Baltic countries  Poland as well as the United States to both local and international investors. Founded in 1990  Eolus has constructed 666 wind turbines with a capacity of 1 414 MW. Eolus has signed contracts for about 1 320 MW of asset management services of which 914 MW are in operation and the rest under construction.Eolus Vind AB has 34 500 shareholders. Eolus shares are listed at Nasdaq Stockholm.For more information about Eolus  please visit www.eolusvind.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.19,0.15,0.66,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'longer time period', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'Eolus’ Articles', 'meeting room', 'Hässleholm', 'April 11th', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'possible assistants', 'issue date', 'five years', 'authorized signatories', 'registration certificate', 'registration process', 'special form', 'completed form', 'legal person', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'state name', 'dated power', 'above address', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Proxy form', 'shareholders', 'No.', 'AGM', 'May', 'CEST', 'Kulturhuset', 'Vattugatan', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Association', 'Participation', 'Anyone', 'representative', 'intention', 'website', 'eolusvind', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'writing', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'written', 'attorney', 'order', 'advance', 'Story', 'day', 'notice', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'BankID', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'addition', 'presentation', 'request', 'routines', 'account', '2', '1.30', '4']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2645,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How GoCodeGreen is aiming to make fintech software net-zero #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LX8V318vGl #regtech,nan,How GoCodeGreen is aiming to make fintech software net-zero #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LX8V318vGl #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['fintech software', 'AAA Websites', 'GoCodeGreen', 'LX8V318vGl', 'regtech', 'fintech software', 'AAA Websites', 'GoCodeGreen', 'LX8V318vGl', 'regtech']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,Unknown
2646,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,TD Bank  U.S. Bank putting car payments in the fast lane #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Ex7UIsVm55 #regtech,nan,TD Bank  U.S. Bank putting car payments in the fast lane #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Ex7UIsVm55 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['U.S. Bank', 'TD Bank', 'car payments', 'fast lane', 'Fintech', 'Ex7UIsVm55', 'regtech', 'U.S. Bank', 'TD Bank', 'car payments', 'fast lane', 'Fintech', 'Ex7UIsVm55', 'regtech']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,Unknown
2647,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220411005507/en/State-Street-Announces-New-Capability-to-Support-Fund-Order-Services-in-Mexico,State Street Announces New Capability to Support Fund Order Services in Mexico,1 day ago,BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--State Street Corporation (NYSE: STT) announced today that it has launched an integrated fund trading solution along with its custody offering for clients in Mexico. The secure online platform will allow for access to a broad range of investment funds in collaboration with Clearstream (Vestima®) providing fund order services through a single-entry point.Our fund order services offering will support connectivity with a wide range of transfer agents to meet clients’ unique requirements  including the ability to manage both segregated and omnibus accounts. It will also allow State Street Bank to secure expansive product and jurisdictional coverage across Latin America (LATAM).“We are very pleased to announce this new capability for our clients ” said Marcia Rothschild  head of Latin America for State Street. “This trading solution is a critical step towards further expanding our products and capabilities in Mexico.”Additional product features include a robust infrastructure underpinned by SWIFT  real-time monitoring of order status  a dedicated client service team and registration services and account opening support by Vestima®.State Street’s first live client in the region is Afore Profuturo.“We are delighted to be the first client onboarded to State Street’s new trading platform ” said Antonio Sibaja from Profuturo Afore. “The new function will allow us to work more efficiently to give our clients a better pension and a better future.”About State Street CorporationState Street Corporation (NYSE: STT) is one of the world's leading providers of financial services to institutional investors including investment servicing  investment management and investment research and trading. With $43.7 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $4.1 trillion* in assets under management as of December 31  2021  State Street operates globally in more than 100 geographic markets and employs approximately 39 000 worldwide. For more information  visit State Street's website at www.statestreet.com.*Assets under management as of December 30  2021 includes approximately $61 billion of assets with respect to SPDR® products for which State Street Global Advisors Funds Distributors  LLC (SSGA FD) acts solely as the marketing agent. SSGA FD and State Street Global Advisors are affiliated.About ProfuturoProfuturo is a 100% Mexican company belonging to Grupo Bal  specialized in managing retirement savings funds for Mexican workers and has more than six million clients. Profuturo has been managing the retirement of workers in the country for more than 25 years. The company was recognized for the third consecutive year as the Best Pension Administrator in Mexico by the specialized publication International Finance  and received the silver medal  the highest rating among the Afores by the company Morningstar. Likewise  the company signed an agreement with the CFA Global Institute to certify its entire investment and risk team in environmental  social  and corporate governance (ESG) criteria.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['Fund Order Services', 'State Street', 'New Capability', 'Mexico', 'State Street Global Advisors Funds Distributors', 'dedicated client service team', 'integrated fund trading solution', 'CFA Global Institute', 'secure online platform', 'account opening support', 'third consecutive year', 'State Street Corporation', 'State Street Bank', 'retirement savings funds', 'fund order services', 'Additional product features', 'first live client', 'Best Pension Administrator', 'new trading platform', 'clients’ unique requirements', 'six million clients', 'investment funds', 'first client', 'risk team', 'order status', 'expansive product', 'registration services', 'financial services', 'new capability', 'new function', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'broad range', 'single-entry point', 'wide range', 'transfer agents', 'omnibus accounts', 'jurisdictional coverage', 'Latin America', 'Marcia Rothschild', 'critical step', 'robust infrastructure', 'real-time monitoring', 'Antonio Sibaja', 'leading providers', 'institutional investors', 'investment servicing', 'investment research', '100 geographic markets', 'SSGA FD', 'marketing agent', 'Grupo Bal', 'specialized publication', 'International Finance', 'silver medal', 'highest rating', 'entire investment', 'corporate governance', 'ESG) criteria', 'custody offering', 'SPDR® products', 'Mexican workers', 'Afore Profuturo', 'Profuturo Afore', 'investment management', '100% Mexican company', 'BOSTON', 'NYSE', 'STT', 'Mexico', 'access', 'collaboration', 'Clearstream', 'Vestima®', 'connectivity', 'segregated', 'LATAM', 'head', 'capabilities', 'SWIFT', 'region', 'future', 'world', 'assets', 'administration', 'December', 'information', 'website', 'statestreet', 'respect', 'LLC', 'country', '25 years', 'Afores', 'Morningstar', 'agreement']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2648,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/state-street-fund-trading-solution-mexican-clients/,State Street launches fund trading solution for Mexican clients,1 day ago,New solution involves partnership with Clearstream and will support connectivity with a range of transfer agents to meet clients’ requirements.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['fund trading solution', 'State Street', 'Mexican clients', 'New solution', 'transfer agents', 'clients’ requirements', 'partnership', 'Clearstream', 'connectivity', 'range']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,globalcustodian.com
2649,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bloomingprairieonline.com/self-expanding-stents-market-share-size-trends-and-growth-2022-to-2027-abbott-balton-stryker-boston-scientific/,Self-Expanding Stents Market Share  Size  Trends and Growth 2022 to 2027,1 day ago,“Self-Expanding Stents Market: Significant CAGR during 2022-2027New Research Report on Self-Expanding Stents Market which covers Market Overview  Future Economic Impact  Competition by Manufacturers  Supply (Production)  and Consumption AnalysisThe market research report on the global Self-Expanding Stents industry provides a comprehensive study of the various techniques and materials used in the production of Self-Expanding Stents market products. Starting from industry chain analysis to cost structure analysis  the report analyzes multiple aspects  including the production and end-use segments of the Self-Expanding Stents market products. The latest trends in the industry have been detailed in the report to measure their impact on the production of Self-Expanding Stents market products.With the present market standards revealed  the Self-Expanding Stents market research report has also illustrated the latest strategic developments and patterns of the market players in an unbiased manner. The report serves as a presumptive business document that can help the purchasers in the global market plan their next courses towards the position of the market’s future.Understand the influence of COVID-19 on the Self-Expanding Stents Market with our analysts monitoring the situation across the globe. Request NowGet sample of this report @ https://www.marketresearchupdate.com/sample/360428Leading key players in the Self-Expanding Stents market are –Abbott  Balton  Stryker  Boston Scientific  Braile  Cordis  Biotronik  Endo-Flex  Cook Medical  B. Braun  Andramed  Clearstream  Terumo Europe  ELLA-CS  Aesculap  EndocorProduct Types:MetallicNo-metallicOn the Basis of Application:Peripheral Nervous SystemDigestive SystemArteryRespiratory SystemUrologicalRegional Analysis For Self-Expanding Stents MarketNorth America (the United States  Canada  and Mexico)Europe (Germany  France  UK  Russia  and Italy)Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  and Southeast Asia)South America (Brazil  Argentina  Colombia  etc.)The Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia  UAE  Egypt  Nigeria  and South Africa)Get Discount on Self-Expanding Stents report @ https://www.marketresearchupdate.com/discount/360428The varying scenarios of the overall market have been depicted in this report  providing a roadmap of how the Self-Expanding Stents products secured their place in this rapidly-changing marketplace. Industry participants can reform their strategies and approaches by examining the market size forecast mentioned in this report. Profitable marketplaces for the Self-Expanding Stents Market have been revealed  which can affect the global expansion strategies of the leading organizations. However  each manufacturer has been profiled in detail in this research report.Self-Expanding Stents Market Effect Factors Analysis chapter precisely gives emphasis on Technology Progress/Risk  Substitutes Threat  Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Changes  Technology Progress in Related Industry  and Economic/Political Environmental Changes that draw the growth factors of the Market.The fastest & slowest growing market segments are pointed out in the study to give out significant insights into each core element of the market. Newmarket players are commencing their trade and are accelerating their transition in Self-Expanding Stents Market. Merger and acquisition activity forecast to change the market landscape of this industry.This report comes along with an added Excel data-sheet suite taking quantitative data from all numeric forecasts presented in the report.What’s in the offering: The report provides in-depth knowledge about the utilization and adoption of Self-Expanding Stents Industries in various applications  types  and regions/countries. Furthermore  the key stakeholders can ascertain the major trends  investments  drivers  vertical player’s initiatives  government pursuits towards the product acceptance in the upcoming years  and insights of commercial products present in the market.Full Report Link @ https://www.marketresearchupdate.com/industry-growth/self-expanding-stents-report-2022-2027-360428Lastly  the Self-Expanding Stents Market study provides essential information about the major challenges that are going to influence market growth. The report additionally provides overall details about the business opportunities to key stakeholders to expand their business and capture revenues in the precise verticals. The report will help the existing or upcoming companies in this market to examine the various aspects of this domain before investing or expanding their business in the Self-Expanding Stents market.Contact Us:sales@marketresearchupdate.com“,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Self-Expanding Stents Market Share', 'Size', 'Trends', 'Growth', 'Self-Expanding Stents Market Effect Factors Analysis chapter', 'Self-Expanding Stents market research report', 'slowest growing market segments', 'Self-Expanding Stents market products', 'global Self-Expanding Stents industry', 'Self-Expanding Stents Market study', 'Self-Expanding Stents products', 'Self-Expanding Stents Industries', 'cost structure analysis', 'The Middle East', 'Customer Preference Changes', 'Economic/Political Environmental Changes', 'Excel data-sheet suite', 'Self-Expanding Stents report', 'present market standards', 'market size forecast', 'industry chain analysis', 'latest strategic developments', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'New Research Report', 'global expansion strategies', 'Full Report Link', 'presumptive business document', 'Endocor Product Types', 'Leading key players', 'Future Economic Impact', 'growth factors', 'global market', 'Consumption Analysis', 'Regional Analysis', 'commercial products', 'market players', 'end-use segments', 'Market Overview', 'overall market', 'market landscape', 'market growth', 'latest trends', 'leading organizations', 'product acceptance', 'comprehensive study', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'key stakeholders', 'Industry participants', 'Related Industry', 'Significant CAGR', 'various techniques', 'multiple aspects', 'unbiased manner', 'next courses', 'Boston Scientific', 'Cook Medical', 'B. Braun', 'North America', 'United States', 'Southeast Asia', 'South America', 'Saudi Arabia', 'varying scenarios', 'changing marketplace', 'Profitable marketplaces', 'Technology Progress/Risk', 'Substitutes Threat', 'core element', 'acquisition activity', 'quantitative data', 'numeric forecasts', 'depth knowledge', 'various applications', 'major trends', 'vertical player', 'government pursuits', 'upcoming years', 'essential information', 'major challenges', 'overall details', 'precise verticals', 'upcoming companies', 'various aspects', 'Contact Us', 'business opportunities', 'Terumo Europe', 'South Africa', 'significant insights', 'Competition', 'Manufacturers', 'Supply', 'Production', 'materials', 'patterns', 'purchasers', 'position', 'influence', 'COVID', 'analysts', 'situation', 'globe', 'Request', 'sample', 'marketresearchupdate', 'Abbott', 'Balton', 'Stryker', 'Braile', 'Cordis', 'Biotronik', 'Endo-Flex', 'Andramed', 'Clearstream', 'ELLA-CS', 'Aesculap', 'Metallic', 'Basis', 'Artery', 'Urological', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Germany', 'France', 'UK', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'Nigeria', 'Discount', 'roadmap', 'approaches', 'emphasis', 'fastest', 'trade', 'transition', 'Merger', 'offering', 'utilization', 'adoption', 'regions/countries', 'investments', 'drivers', 'initiatives', 'industry-growth', 'revenues', 'existing', 'domain']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,bloomingprairieonline.com
2650,Clearstream,Google API,https://blackswanzine.com/self-expanding-stents-market-outlook-post-covid-19-scenario-by-2029-abbott-aesculap-stryker/,Self Expanding Stents Market Outlook: Post Covid-19 Scenario by 2029,1 day ago,“Get Sample Report Buy Complete ReportNew Jersey  N.J. – Self Expanding Stents Market report focused on the comprehensive analysis of current and future prospects of the Self Expanding Stents industry. It describes the optimal or favorable fit for the vendors to adopt successive merger and acquisition strategies  geography expansion  research & development  and new product introduction strategies to execute further business expansion and growth during a forecast period. An in-depth analysis of past trends  future trends  demographics  technological advancements  and regulatory requirements for the Self Expanding Stents market has been done in order to calculate the growth rates for each segment and sub-segments.Get the PDF Sample Copy (Including FULL TOC  Graphs  and Tables) of this report @:https://www.a2zmarketresearch.com/sample-request/64048Competitive landscape:This Self Expanding Stents research report throws light on the major market players thriving in the market; it tracks their business strategies  financial status  and upcoming products.Top Key Vendors of this Market are:Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Biotronik  Braile  Clearstream  Cordis  ELLA-CS  Endo-Flex  Endocor  Eucatech  HEXACATH  InSitu  iVascular  Medinol  MicroVention  Pauldrach  Phenox  Rontis  StentysVarious factors are responsible for the market’s growth trajectory  which are studied at length in the report. In addition  the report lists down the restraints that are posing threat to the global Self Expanding Stents market. This report is a consolidation of primary and secondary research  which provides market size  share  dynamics  and forecast for various segments and sub-segments considering the macro and micro environmental factors. It also gauges the bargaining power of suppliers and buyers  threat from new entrants and product substitutes  and the degree of competition prevailing in the market.The influence of the latest government guidelines is also analyzed in detail in the report. It studies the Self Expanding Stents market’s trajectory between forecast periods. The cost analysis of the Global Self Expanding Stents Market has been performed while keeping in view manufacturing expenses  labor cost  and raw materials and their market concentration rate  suppliers  and price trend.Global Self Expanding Stents Market Segmentation:Market Segmentation: By TypeMental  PlasticMarket Segmentation: By ApplicationPeripheral Nervous System  Digestive System  Artery  Respiratory SystemThe report provides insights on the following pointers:Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios of the top players in the Self Expanding Stents market.Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of the market strategies  geographic and business segments of the leading players in the market.Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming technologies  R&D activities  and product launches in the market.Market Development: Comprehensive information about emerging markets. This report analyzes the market for various segments across geographies.Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products  untapped geographies  recent developments  and investments in the Self Expanding Stents market.Get Up to 30% Discount on the first purchase of this report @:https://www.a2zmarketresearch.com/discount/64048An assessment of the market attractiveness with regard to the competition that new players and products are likely to present to older ones has been provided in the publication. The research report also mentions the innovations  new developments  marketing strategies  branding techniques  and products of the key participants present in the global Self Expanding Stents market. To present a clear vision of the market the competitive landscape has been thoroughly analyzed utilizing the value chain analysis. The opportunities and threats present in the future for the key market players have also been emphasized in the publication.Reasons for buying this report:It offers an analysis of changing competitive scenarios.For making informed decisions in businesses  it offers analytical data with strategic planning methodologies.Researchers throw light on the dynamics of the market such as drivers  restraints  trends  and opportunities.It offers a regional analysis of Self Expanding Stents Market along with business profiles of several stakeholders.It offers a seven-year assessment of Self Expanding Stents Market.It helps in understanding the major key product segments.It offers massive data about trending factors that will influence the progress of the Self Expanding Stents Market.Table of ContentsGlobal Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report 2022 – 2029Chapter 1 Self Expanding Stents Market OverviewChapter 2 Global Economic Impact on IndustryChapter 3 Global Market Competition by ManufacturersChapter 4 Global Production  Revenue (Value) by RegionChapter 5 Global Supply (Production)  Consumption  Export  Import by RegionsChapter 6 Global Production  Revenue (Value)  Price Trend by TypeChapter 7 Global Market Analysis by ApplicationChapter 8 Manufacturing Cost AnalysisChapter 9 Industrial Chain  Sourcing Strategy and Downstream BuyersChapter 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis  Distributors/TradersChapter 11 Market Effect Factors AnalysisChapter 12 Global Self Expanding Stents Market ForecastBuy Exclusive Report @: https://www.a2zmarketresearch.com/checkoutContact Us:Roger Smith1887 WHITNEY MESA DR HENDERSON  NV 89014sales@a2zmarketresearch.com+1 775 237 4147,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.34,0.2,0.45,True,English,"['Self Expanding Stents Market Outlook', 'Post Covid-19 Scenario', 'Global Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report', 'Global Self Expanding Stents Market Segmentation', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Overview', 'Self Expanding Stents research report', 'Self Expanding Stents Market report', 'Self Expanding Stents industry', 'major key product segments', 'new product introduction strategies', 'Global Economic Impact', 'Including FULL TOC', 'latest government guidelines', 'R&D activities', 'Up to 30% Discount', 'strategic planning methodologies', 'market concentration rate', 'major market players', 'Global Market Competition', 'PDF Sample Copy', 'key market players', 'micro environmental factors', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'Top Key Vendors', 'value chain analysis', 'Global Supply', 'Global Production', 'secondary research', 'market strategies', 'key participants', 'market size', 'Market Penetration', 'Market Diversification', 'market attractiveness', 'top players', 'product substitutes', 'product portfolios', 'product launches', 'new players', 'Sample Report', 'various segments', 'business segments', 'Market Development', 'acquisition strategies', 'business strategies', 'leading players', 'marketing strategies', 'New Jersey', 'Various factors', 'new entrants', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'new developments', 'trending factors', 'Complete Report', 'N.J.', 'comprehensive analysis', 'favorable fit', 'successive merger', 'geography expansion', 'business expansion', 'depth analysis', 'technological advancements', 'regulatory requirements', 'Competitive landscape', 'financial status', 'bargaining power', 'cost analysis', 'manufacturing expenses', 'labor cost', 'raw materials', 'price trend', 'Type Mental', 'following pointers', 'Comprehensive information', 'upcoming technologies', 'emerging markets', 'Exhaustive information', 'recent developments', 'first purchase', 'branding techniques', 'clear vision', 'competitive scenarios', 'informed decisions', 'analytical data', 'regional analysis', 'business profiles', 'several stakeholders', 'massive data', 'new products', 'Competitive Assessment', 'depth assessment', 'seven-year assessment', 'future prospects', 'forecast period', 'past trends', 'growth rates', 'upcoming products', 'Detailed insights', 'untapped geographies', 'future trends', 'growth trajectory', 'current', 'optimal', 'demographics', 'order', 'sub-segments', 'Graphs', 'Tables', 'a2zmarketresearch', 'sample-request', 'light', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'InSitu', 'iVascular', 'Medinol', 'MicroVention', 'Pauldrach', 'Phenox', 'Rontis', 'Stentys', 'length', 'addition', 'restraints', 'threat', 'consolidation', 'primary', 'share', 'dynamics', 'macro', 'suppliers', 'buyers', 'degree', 'influence', 'Plastic', 'Application', 'Artery', 'geographic', 'Innovation', 'investments', 'regard', 'publication', 'opportunities', 'Reasons', 'changing', 'businesses', 'Researchers', 'drivers', 'progress', 'Contents', 'Chapter', 'Manufacturers', 'Revenue', 'Consumption', 'Export', 'Import', 'Regions']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,blackswanzine.com
2651,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19900506.html,Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,1 day ago,"Royal Bank of Canada Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) Registration Statement No. 333-259205Pricing Supplement Dated April 7  2022 To the Prospectus Dated September 14  2021 andProspectus Supplement Dated September 14  2021 $400 000 000Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaThe notes (the “Notes”) are senior unsecured floating rate notes. Interest and the amount payable upon maturity of the Notes will be paid in cash as described in this pricing supplement.The Notes will be bail-inable notes (as defined in the accompanying prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 ) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes.We may not redeem the Notes prior to their maturity. There is no sinking fund for the Notes. All payments on the Notes are subject to our credit risk.The CUSIP number for the Notes is 78016EZ91.The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Risk Factors” on page P-5 of this pricing supplement and beginning on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined that this pricing supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Per Note Total Price to public 100.000% $ 400 000 000 Underwriting discount 0.150% $ 600 000 Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada 99.850% $ 399 400 000We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) (including through its indirect participants Euroclear  Clearstream and CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. (“CDS”)) on or about April 14  2022  against payment in immediately available funds.Lead Managers and Joint Book RunnersRBC Capital Markets Citigroup Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. MorganKeyBanc Capital Markets US Bancorp Westpac Banking CorporationSenior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaTERMS OF THE NOTESWe describe the basic features of the Notes in the sections of the prospectus dated September 14  2021 called “Description of Debt Securities” and prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 called “Description of the Notes We May Offer ” subject to and as modified by the provisions described below.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (the “Bank”) Issue: Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I Title of Series: Senior Floating Rate Notes  due April 14  2025 Principal Amount: US $400 000 000 Ranking: Senior Currency: U.S. Dollars Interest Rate: The interest rate for each period will be equal to the Base Rate plus the Spread. Base Rate: USD Compounded SOFR Index Rate Spread: 0.840% Minimum Denominations: $2 000 and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof Pricing Date: April 7  2022 Issue Date: April 14  2022 Maturity Date: April 14  2025 CUSIP / ISIN / CommonCode: 78016EZ91 / US78016EZ911 / 246980349 Interest Payment Dates: Quarterly on the 14th of each January  April  July  and October  beginning July 14  2022  subject to the modified following business day convention described below under “Payment Convention.” Interest Period: Each quarterly period from  and including  an Interest Payment Date (or  in the case of the first Interest Period  April 14  2022) to  but excluding  the next Interest Payment Date (or  in the case of the final Interest Period  the Maturity Date)  subject to the modified following business day convention described below under “Payment Convention.” Record Dates for InterestPayments: The day immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date (or  if the Notes are held in definitive form  the fifteenth calendar day preceding each Interest Payment Date  whether or not a Business Day).P- 2Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaInterest PaymentDetermination Date: The date two U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date. Observation Period: In respect of each Interest Period  the period from  and including  the date two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to  but excluding  the date two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date (or in the final Interest Period  preceding the Maturity Date). Payment Convention: If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a business day  then the interest payment date will be the next day that is a business day. However  if the next business day falls in the next calendar month  then the Interest Payment Date will be advanced to the next preceding day that is a business day. If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a business day  we will make the required payment of principal  premium  if any  and interest on the next succeeding business day  and no additional interest will accrue in respect of the payment made on that next succeeding business day. Business Day: Any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York or Toronto and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorized or required by law or regulation to be closed. U.S. GovernmentSecurities Business Day: Any day except for a Saturday  a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. Day Count Convention: Actual / 360 Redemption at our Option: Not applicable. Canadian Bail-in PowersAcknowledgment: The Notes are bail-inable notes. See “Specific Terms of the Notes—Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers”. Repayment at Option ofHolder: Not applicable. Lead Managers and JointBook Runners: RBC Capital Markets  LLC  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.  U.S. Bancorp Investments  Inc. and Westpac Banking Corporation Calculation Agent: RBC Capital Markets  LLC Public Offering Price: 100.000% Underwriting Discount: 0.150% Clearance and Settlement: DTC (including through its indirect participants Euroclear  Clearstream and CDS  as described under “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021).P- 3Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaListing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange or quotation system. Terms Incorporated in theMaster Note: All of the terms appearing above on pages P-2 and P-3 and P-4 under the caption “Terms of the Notes” of this pricing supplement and the terms appearing under the caption “Specific Terms of the Notes” below. The Notes are part of a series of senior debt securities of the Bank entitled “Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I.” The Notes will have the CUSIP No. 78016EZ91  the ISIN No. US78016EZ911 and the Common Code No. 246980349.P- 4Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaRISK FACTORSAn investment in the Notes is subject to the risks described below  as well as the risks described under “Risk Factors” in the accompanying prospectus  dated September 14  2021  and the accompanying prospectus supplement  dated September 14  2021. The Notes are not secured debt. You should carefully consider whether the Notes are suited to your particular circumstances. This pricing supplement should be read together with the accompanying prospectus  dated September 14  2021  and the accompanying prospectus supplement  dated September 14  2021. The information in the accompanying prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement is supplemented by  and to the extent inconsistent therewith replaced and superseded by  the information in this pricing supplement. This section describes certain significant risks relating to an investment in the Notes. We urge you to read the following information about these risks  together with the other information in this pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus and accompanying prospectus supplement  before investing in the Notes.Investors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Market Perceptions About Our Creditworthiness May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on our ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on the interest payment dates and at maturity  and  therefore  investors are subject to our credit risk and to changes in the market’s view of our creditworthiness. Any decrease in the market’s view on or confidence in our creditworthiness is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes.The Market Value of the Notes May Be Influenced by Unpredictable Factors.The market value of your Notes may fluctuate between the date you purchase them and the Maturity Date. Several factors  many of which are beyond our control  will influence the market value of the Notes. Factors that may influence the market value of the Notes include:· supply and demand for the Notes  including inventory positions with the underwriters or any other market-maker;· interest rates in the market and expectations about future interest rates;· the creditworthiness of the Bank;· the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes; and· economic  financial  political  regulatory or judicial events that affect financial markets generally.The Notes Will Not Be Listed on Any Securities Exchange and Secondary Trading May Be Limited.The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Therefore  there may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The underwriters may  but are not obligated to  make a market in the Notes. Even if there is a secondary market  it may not provide enough liquidity to allow you to trade or sell the Notes easily. Because we do not expect that other broker-dealers will participate significantly in the secondary market for the Notes  the price at which you may be able to trade your Notes is likely to depend on the price  if any  at which the underwriters are willing to transact. If at any time the underwriters were not to make a market in the Notes  it is likely that there would be no secondary market for the Notes. Accordingly  you should be willing to hold your Notes to maturity.P- 5Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaWe or Our Designee Will Make Determinations with respect to the Notes.We or our designee will make certain determinations with respect to the Notes as further described under the caption “Specific Terms of the Notes.” In addition  if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred  we or our designee will make certain determinations with respect to the Notes in our or our designee’s sole discretion as further described under the section “Description of the Notes We May Offer—Interest Rates—SOFR Index Notes” in the accompanying prospectus supplement  dated September 14  2021. Any of these determinations may adversely affect the value of the Notes  the return on the Notes and the price at which you can sell such Notes. Moreover  certain determinations may require the exercise of discretion and the making of subjective judgments  such as with respect to Compounded SOFR Index or the occurrence or non-occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. These potentially subjective determinations may adversely affect the value of the Notes  the return on the Notes and the price at which you can sell such Notes. For further information regarding these types of determinations  see “Description of the Notes We May Offer—Interest Rates—SOFR Index Notes” in the accompanying prospectus supplement  dated September 14  2021.P- 6Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaSPECIFIC TERMS OF THE NOTESPlease note that in this section entitled “Specific Terms of the Notes ” references to “holders” mean those who own Notes registered in their own names  on the books that we or the trustee maintain for this purpose  and not those who own beneficial interests in Notes registered in street name or in Notes issued in book-entry form through DTC or another depositary. Owners of beneficial interests in the Notes should read the section entitled “Description of the Notes We May Offer—Legal Ownership” in the accompanying prospectus supplement  dated September 14  2021  and “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the accompanying prospectus  dated September 14  2021.The Notes are part of a series of senior debt securities entitled “Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I ” that we may issue under our senior indenture  dated as of October 23  2003  between the Bank and The Bank of New York Mellon  as successor to the corporate trust business of JPMorgan Chase Bank  N.A.  as trustee  as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture  dated as of July 21  2006  by a second supplemental indenture  dated as of February 28  2007  and by a third supplemental indenture  dated as of September 7  2018 and as further amended  from time to time (the “indenture”). The Notes are described in the accompanying prospectus supplement. This pricing supplement summarizes financial and other terms that apply to the Notes. We describe terms that apply generally to all Series I Medium-Term Notes in “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the accompanying prospectus supplement. The terms described in this pricing supplement  and should be read in conjunction with  those described in the accompanying prospectus and accompanying prospectus supplement and  if the terms described here are inconsistent with those described there  the terms described here are controlling.Please note that the information about the price to the public and the net proceeds to the Bank on the front cover of this pricing supplement relates only to the initial sale of the Notes. If you have purchased the Notes in a market-making transaction after the initial sale  information about the price and date of sale to you will be provided in a separate confirmation of sale.In addition to the terms described on the front and inside cover of this pricing supplement  the following specific terms will apply to the Notes:InterestThe interest rate on the Notes for each period will be equal to USD Compounded SOFR Index (as defined in the accompanying prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021) plus a margin of 84.0 basis points. Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on January 14  April 14  July 14 and October 14 of each year  beginning on July 14  2022 (each  an “Interest Payment Date”) and ending on the Maturity Date  subject to the modified following business day convention as described under the section “Description of the Notes We May Offer—Interest Rates—Interest Payment Dates” in the accompanying prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021. The interest rate on the Notes will be calculated as described for SOFR Index Notes in the section “ Description of the Notes We May Offer—Interest Rates—SOFR Index Notes” in the accompanying prospectus supplement  dated September 14  2021.DefeasanceThere shall be no defeasance  full or covenant  applicable to the Notes.Payment at MaturityAt maturity you will receive an amount equal to the principal of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest.P- 7Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaManner of Payment and DeliveryAny payment on the Notes at maturity will be made to accounts designated by you and approved by us  or at the office of the trustee in New York City  but only when the Notes are surrendered to the trustee at that office. We also may make any payment in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary.Calculation AgentPlease note that RBC Capital Markets  LLC is currently serving as the calculation agent for the Notes. We may change the calculation agent for the Notes at any time without notice and RBC Capital Markets  LLC may resign as calculation agent at any time upon sixty (60) days’ written notice to the Bank.Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in PowersBy its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of that Note  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of that Note  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of that Note in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to that Note; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; (iii) have represented and warranted to the Bank that the Bank has not directly or indirectly provided financing to the holder for the express purpose of investing in the Note; and (iv) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or that Note  any other law that governs that Note and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to that Note.Holders and beneficial owners of any Note will have no further rights in respect of that Note to the extent that Note is converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the principal amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime.See “Description of Notes We May Offer―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Notes” in the accompanying prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 for a description of provisions applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.P- 8Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaADDITIONAL AMOUNTSWe will pay any amounts to be paid by us on the Notes without deduction or withholding for  or on account of  any and all present or future income  stamp and other taxes  levies  imposts  duties  charges  fees  deductions or withholdings (“taxes”) now or hereafter imposed  levied  collected  withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Canada or any Canadian political subdivision or authority that has the power to tax  unless the deduction or withholding is required by law or by the interpretation or administration thereof by the relevant governmental authority. At any time a Canadian taxing jurisdiction requires us to deduct or withhold for or on account of taxes from any payment made under or in respect of the Notes  we will pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary so that the net amounts received by each holder (including Additional Amounts)  after such deduction or withholding  shall not be less than the amount the holder would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required.However  no Additional Amounts will be payable with respect to a payment made to a holder of a Note  or of a right to receive payment in respect thereto (a “Payment Recipient”)  which we refer to as an “Excluded Holder ” in respect of any taxes imposed because the beneficial owner or Payment Recipient:(i) is someone with whom we do not deal at arm’s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) at the time of making such payment;(ii) is subject to such taxes by reason of its being connected presently or formerly with Canada or any province or territory thereof other than by reason of the holder’s activity in connection with purchasing such Note  the holding of such Note or the receipt of payments thereunder;(iii) is  or does not deal at arm’s length with a person who is  a “specified shareholder” (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Bank;(iv) presents such Note for payment (where presentation is required) more than 30 days after the relevant date (except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting a Note for payment on the last day of such 30 day period); for this purpose  the “relevant date” in relation to any payments on any Note means:(a) the due date for payment thereof  or(b) if the full amount of the monies payable on such date has not been received by the trustee on or prior to such due date  the date on which the full amount of such monies has been received and notice to that effect is given to holders of the Notes in accordance with the indenture;(v) could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such withholding or deduction by complying  or requiring that any agent comply with  any statutory requirements necessary to establish qualification for an exemption from withholding or by making  or requiring that any agent make  a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any relevant tax authority; or(vi) is subject to deduction or withholding on account of any tax  assessment  or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld by reason of the application of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (or any successor provisions) (the “Internal Revenue Code”)  any regulation  pronouncement  or agreement thereunder  official interpretations thereof  or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto  whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time to time.P- 9Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaFor the avoidance of doubt  we will not have any obligation to pay any holders Additional Amounts on any tax which is payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from payments made under or in respect of the Notes.We will also make such withholding or deduction and remit the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant authority in accordance with applicable law. We will furnish to the trustee  within 30 days after the date the payment of any taxes is due pursuant to applicable law  certified copies of tax receipts evidencing that such payment has been made or other evidence of such payment satisfactory to the trustee. We will indemnify and hold harmless each holder of Notes (other than an Excluded Holder) and upon written request reimburse each such holder for the amount of (x) any taxes so levied or imposed and paid by such holder as a result of payments made under or with respect to the Notes  and (y) any taxes levied or imposed and paid by such holder with respect to any reimbursement under (x) above  but excluding any such taxes on such holder’s net income or capital.U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONSThe discussion below supplements the discussion under “Tax Consequences—United States Taxation” in the accompanying prospectus  dated September 14  2021  and is subject to the limitations and exceptions set forth therein. This discussion is only applicable to you if you are a U.S. holder (as defined in the accompanying prospectus). If you are not a U.S. holder  please consult your own tax advisor.In the opinion of our counsel  Sullivan & Cromwell LLP  your Notes should be treated as variable rate debt instruments for United States federal income tax purposes. Under this characterization  you should include the interest payments on the Notes in ordinary income at the time you receive or accrue such payments  depending on your method of accounting for tax purposes  and recognize capital gain or loss on the sale or retirement of your Notes equal to the difference between the amount you realize on the sale or retirement  excluding any amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid interest (which should be treated as interest payments)  and your tax basis in your Notes.For a further discussion of the variable rate debt instrument rules  please see the discussion under the heading “Tax Consequences—United States Taxation—Original Issue Discount—Variable Rate Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.P- 10Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaCANADIAN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONSFor a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of owning the Notes  please see the section “Tax Consequences— Canadian Taxation” in the accompanying prospectus  dated September 14  2021 and the section “Certain Income Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the accompanying prospectus supplement  dated September 14  2021.BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR CONSIDERATIONSA fiduciary of a pension  profit-sharing or other employee benefit plan (a “plan”) subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974  as amended (“ERISA”)  should consider the fiduciary standards of ERISA in the context of the plan’s particular circumstances before authorizing an investment in the debt securities.Any purchaser or holder of debt securities or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented (both on behalf of itself and any plan) by its purchase and holding of the debt securities that either (1) it is not a plan and is not purchasing those debt securities on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any plan or (2) the purchase and holding of the debt securities will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code. In addition  any purchaser or holder of debt securities or any interest therein which is a non-ERISA arrangement will be deemed to have represented by its purchase or holding or  if applicable  exchange of the debt securities that its purchase and holding will not violate the provisions of any similar law.For a further discussion of benefit plan investor considerations  please see the discussion under the heading “Benefit Plan Investor Considerations” in the accompanying prospectus  dated September 14  2021.CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENTThe Notes will settle through DTC  and its indirect participants Euroclear  Clearstream and CDS. For a description of DTC  Euroclear  Clearstream and CDS  see “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the accompanying prospectus  dated September 14  2021.P- 11Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaSUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)We have entered into a terms agreement  dated April 7  2022  with the underwriters pursuant to the Distribution Agreement  dated September 14  2021  among us and the agents party thereto for the purchase and sale of the Notes. We have agreed to sell to each of the underwriters  and each of the underwriters has agreed to purchase from us  the principal amount of the Notes shown opposite its name at the public offering price set forth above.Name Principal Amount of Notes RBC Capital Markets  LLC $ 72 000 000 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. $ 72 000 000 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $ 72 000 000 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 72 000 000 KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. $ 20 000 000 U.S. Bancorp Investments  Inc. $ 20 000 000 Westpac Banking Corporation $ 20 000 000 BNY Mellon Capital Markets  LLC $ 4 000 000 Capital One Securities  Inc. $ 4 000 000 Desjardins Securities Inc. $ 4 000 000 Fifth Third Securities  Inc. $ 4 000 000 Huntington Securities  Inc. $ 4 000 000 MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $ 4 000 000 National Bank of Canada Financial Inc. $ 4 000 000 Regions Securities LLC $ 4 000 000 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. $ 4 000 000 Swedbank AB (publ) $ 4 000 000 Truist Securities  Inc. $ 4 000 000 Academy Securities  Inc. $ 4 000 000 R. Seelaus & Co.  LLC $ 2 000 000 Samuel A. Ramirez & Company  Inc. $ 2 000 000 Total $ 400 000 000Each of Westpac Banking Corporation  Desjardins Securities Inc. and Swedbank AB (publ) is not a U.S. registered broker-dealer and will not effect any offers or sales of any Notes in the United States unless it is through one or more U.S. registered broker-dealers as permitted by the regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”).The underwriters may sell the Notes to certain dealers at the public offering price  less a concession that will not exceed 0.100% of their principal amount. The underwriters and those dealers may resell the Notes to other dealers at a reallowance discount that will not exceed 0.050% of their principal amount. After the initial offering of the Notes  the concession and reallowance discounts on the Notes may change. The offering of the Notes by the underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the underwriters’ right to reject any order in whole or in part.We estimate that the total offering expenses for the Notes  excluding underwriting discounts and commissions  will be approximately $41 603.P- 12Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaSubject to the terms and conditions of the terms agreement  the underwriters have agreed to purchase the Notes as principal  for their own account at a purchase price equal to the issue price specified on the front cover of this pricing supplement  less an underwriting discount of 0.150%. To the extent the underwriters resell Notes to a broker or dealer less a concession equal to the entire underwriting discount  such broker or dealer may be deemed to be an “underwriter” of the Notes as such term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The underwriters have advised us that  if they are unable to sell all the Notes at the public offering price  the underwriters propose to offer the Notes from time to time for sale in negotiated transactions or otherwise  at prices to be determined at the time of sale.In the future  the underwriters may repurchase and resell the Notes in market-making transactions. For more information about the plan of distribution  the Distribution Agreement (of which the terms agreement forms a part) and possible market-making activities; see “Supplemental Plan of Distribution” in the accompanying prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.We expect that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on April 14  2022  which is the fifth scheduled business day following the trade date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle no later than two business days after the trade date  unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise at the time of the trade. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade Notes on any date more than two business days prior to delivery of the Notes hereunder will be required  by virtue of the fact that the Notes will initially settle in five business days (T + 5) to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.Conflicts of InterestRBC Capital Markets  LLC is our affiliate  and is deemed to have a conflict of interest under FINRA Rule 5121. Accordingly  the offering of the Notes will conform to the requirements of FINRA Rule 5121. The underwriters  with the exception of Westpac Banking Corporation  Desjardins Securities Inc. and Swedbank AB (publ)  are members of FINRA. RBC Capital Markets  LLC is not permitted to sell the Notes to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities  which may include securities trading  commercial and investment banking  financial advisory  investment management  investment research  principal investment  hedging  financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the underwriters and their respective affiliates have  from time to time  performed  and may in the future perform  various financial advisory and investment banking services for the Bank  for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses.In the ordinary course of their various business activities  the underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers  and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Bank. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold  or recommend to clients that they acquire  long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.P- 13Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaSelling RestrictionsEuropean Economic Area. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS. The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes  the expression “offer"" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes  and a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client  as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); or (b) a customer  within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive 2016/97/EU  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared  and therefore  offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. This pricing supplement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA or the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. This pricing supplement is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.United Kingdom. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. This pricing supplement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. This pricing supplement is not a prospectus for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.This pricing supplement and any other material in relation to the Notes are only being distributed to  and are only directed at  persons in the UK that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the UK Prospectus Regulation that also (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (ii) who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order or (iii) to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The Notes are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. This pricing supplement and its contents should not be distributed  published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other person in the UK. Any person in the UK that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this pricing supplement or any of its contents.P- 14Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaHong Kong. The Notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance”) or which do not constitute an invitation to the public within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“Securities and Futures Ordinance”)  or (b) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance  and no advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Notes may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” in Hong Kong as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder.Singapore. This pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus and prospectus supplement have not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly  this pricing supplement  the accompanying prospectus and prospectus supplement and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of the Notes may not be circulated or distributed  nor may the Notes be offered or sold  or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”)) under Section 274 of the SFA  (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA  in each case subject to conditions set forth in the SFA.Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor  or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  the securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation shall not be transferable for six months after that corporation has acquired the Notes under Section 275 of the SFA except: (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA)  (2) where such transfer arises from an offer in that corporation’s securities pursuant to Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA  (3) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer  (4) where the transfer is by operation of law  (5) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA  or (6) as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore.Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. The Bank has determined that the Notes are (a) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and (b) Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).P- 15Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaSwitzerland. The Notes are not offered  sold or advertised  directly or indirectly  in  into or from Switzerland on the basis of a public offering and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other offering or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Accordingly  neither this pricing supplement  the accompanying prospectus and prospectus supplement nor other marketing material constitute a prospectus as defined in article 652a or article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or a listing prospectus as defined in article 32 of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Any resales of the Notes may only be undertaken on a private basis to selected individual investors in compliance with Swiss law. This pricing supplement  the accompanying prospectus or prospectus supplement may not be copied  reproduced  distributed or passed on to others or otherwise made available in Switzerland without our prior written consent. By accepting this pricing supplement  the accompanying prospectus or prospectus supplement or by subscribing to the notes  investors are deemed to have acknowledged and agreed to abide by these restrictions.Japan. The Notes have not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4  Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. Accordingly  none of the Notes nor any interest therein may be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any “resident” of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan  including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan)  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time.Canada. Sales into Canada are permitted.P- 16Senior Floating Rate Notes Due April 14  2025Royal Bank of CanadaVALIDITY OF NOTESThe validity of the Notes will be passed upon for us by Sullivan & Cromwell LLP  New York  New York  as to matters of New York law  and by Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP  Toronto  Ontario  as to matters of Canadian law and applicable matters of Ontario law. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the underwriters by Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP  New York  New York.WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONYou should read this pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  which together contain the terms of the Notes and supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials. You may access the following documents on the SEC Website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if such address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC Website):· Series I MTN prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021:https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1000275/000121465921009472/rbcsupp911210424b3.htm· Prospectus dated September 14  2021:https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1000275/000121465921009470/rbc911212424b3.htmOur Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC Website is 1000275.P-17Exhibit 107.1The pricing supplement to which this Exhibit is attached is a final prospectus for the related offering. The maximum aggregate offering price of the offering is $400 000 000.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.03,0.09,0.88,True,English,"['Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK', 'CANADA', 'US Bancorp Westpac Banking Corporation Senior Floating Rate Notes', 'two U.S. Government Securities Business Days', 'RBC Capital Markets Citigroup Goldman Sachs', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'U.S. Dollars Interest Rate', 'senior unsecured floating rate notes', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'Per Note Total Price', 'Senior Global Medium-Term Notes', 'SOFR Index Rate Spread', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'next Interest Payment Date', 'Interest Payment Determination Date', 'KeyBanc Capital Markets', 'Depository Services Inc', 'business day convention', 'other governmental agency', 'state securities commission', 'Joint Book Runners', 'J.P. Morgan', 'fifteenth calendar day', '246980349 Interest Payment Dates', 'final Interest Period', 'first Interest Period', 'accompanying prospectus supplement', 'page S', 'Senior Currency', 'Base Rate', 'federal laws', 'securities exchange', 'Debt Securities', 'Payment Convention', 'CDIC Act', 'first date', 'Exchange Commission', 'Record Dates', 'Pricing Date', 'Issue Date', 'Interest Payments', 'Pricing Supplement', 'The Notes', 'bail-inable notes', 'Registration Statement', 'common shares', 'sinking fund', 'credit risk', 'Risk Factors', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'criminal offense', '400,000,000 Underwriting discount', 'indirect participants', 'available funds', 'Lead Managers', 'Co. LLC', 'basic features', 'Principal Amount', 'Minimum Denominations', 'integral multiples', 'Common Code', 'quarterly period', 'Observation Period', 'Maturity Date', 'Royal Bank', 'Bank”) Issue', 'CDS Clearing', 'definitive form', 'Series I', 'CUSIP number', 'Rule', 'September', 'cash', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'one', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'risks', 'instrumentality', 'representation', 'contrary', 'public', 'Proceeds', 'book-entry', 'facilities', 'DTC', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'April', 'TERMS', 'sections', 'Description', 'provisions', 'Issuer', 'Title', 'excess', 'ISIN', 'US78016EZ911', '14th', 'January', 'July', 'October', 'following', 'case', '0.']",1990-05-06,2022-04-12,streetinsider.com
2654,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@PhilippeMurer Clearstream...,nan,@PhilippeMurer Clearstream...,neutral,0.15,0.8,0.05,neutral,0.15,0.8,0.05,True,English,"['PhilippeMurer Clearstream', 'PhilippeMurer Clearstream']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,Unknown
2658,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"#IRSH Monday morning RNS $IRSH ""Stabilisation Notice - DEUTSCHE BOERSE""https://t.co/8tcqaUPEFb",nan,"#IRSH Monday morning RNS $IRSH ""Stabilisation Notice - DEUTSCHE BOERSE""https://t.co/8tcqaUPEFb",neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,True,English,"['Stabilisation Notice', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RNS', 'IRSH', '8tcqaUPEFb', 'Stabilisation Notice', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RNS', 'IRSH', '8tcqaUPEFb']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,Unknown
2659,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"#IRSH Monday morning RNS $IRSH ""Stabilisation Notice - DEUTSCHE BOERSE""https://t.co/8tcqaUy3ND",nan,"#IRSH Monday morning RNS $IRSH ""Stabilisation Notice - DEUTSCHE BOERSE""https://t.co/8tcqaUy3ND",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Stabilisation Notice', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RNS', 'IRSH', '8tcqaUy3ND', 'Stabilisation Notice', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RNS', 'IRSH', '8tcqaUy3ND']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,Unknown
2660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lectra-lectra-confirms-eligibility-pea-075400768.html,Lectra: Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme Paris  April 11  2022 – Lectra (FR0000065484 LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris...,LECTRALectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  April 11  2022 – Lectra (FR0000065484 LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris (compartment B)  confirms  based on the consolidated financial statements of its last fiscal year ended December 31  2021  its eligibility for inclusion in French SME equity savings plans “PEA-PME” for the next twelve months.Lectra complies with the criteria for the inclusion of companies in the PEA-PME savings plans set in Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  i.e. having less than 5 000 employees and a total revenue below 1 5 billion euros or total assets below 2 billion euros.As a consequence  investment in Lectra shares can be made through PEA-PME savings accounts  relief specifically applicable to investments in small and mid-cap companies  benefiting from the same tax advantages as the traditional Equity Savings Plan (PEA).For companies that breathe life into our wardrobes  car interiors  furniture and more  Lectra crafts the premium technologies that facilitate the digital transformation of their industry. Lectra’s offer empowers brands  manufacturers and retailers from design to production  providing them with the market respect and peace of mind they deserve. Founded in 1973  the company reported revenues of 388 million euros in 2021 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).In June 2021  Lectra acquired Gerber Technology  a USA-based company founded in 1968. Like Lectra  Gerber Technology develops software and automation solutions for fashion  automotive  furniture and other businesses across the globe.For more information  please visit www.lectra.com .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 742 959 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'Lectra', 'eligibility', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'French SME equity savings plans', 'traditional Equity Savings Plan', 'PEA-PME savings plans', 'last fiscal year', 'next twelve months', 'PEA-PME savings accounts', 'same tax advantages', 'consolidated financial statements', 'RCS Paris B', 'French Monetary', 'compartment B', 'Financial Code', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'Article L.', 'total revenue', '1,5 billion euros', 'total assets', '2 billion euros', 'car interiors', 'premium technologies', 'digital transformation', '388 million euros', 'Gerber Technology', 'automation solutions', 'other businesses', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', 'FR0000065484 LSS', 'market respect', 'mid-cap companies', 'USA-based company', 'Euronext Paris', 'Lectra shares', 'eligibility', 'April', 'inclusion', 'criteria', 'less', '5 000 employees', 'consequence', 'investment', 'relief', 'small', 'life', 'wardrobes', 'furniture', 'industry', 'offer', 'brands', 'manufacturers', 'retailers', 'design', 'production', 'peace', 'mind', 'revenues', 'June', 'software', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'globe', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trust-stamp-announces-winners-trusted-080000032.html,Trust Stamp Announces Winners of Trusted Rwanda Hackathon,The 2022 Trusted Rwanda Hackathon welcomed applications from around the world with one common theme: using privacy-first biometric  identity  and data...,The 2022 Trusted Rwanda Hackathon welcomed applications from around the world with one common theme: using privacy-first biometric  identity  and data-protecting tokenization technologies to further innovate powerful solutions for AfricaKigali  April 11  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Trust Stamp (Nasdaq: IDAI  Euronext Growth: AIID ID)  the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM providing AI-powered trust and identity services used globally across multiple sectors  today announces winners of the 2022 Trusted Rwanda Hackathon following the hybrid event which brought five competitors and an esteemed panel of judges together for the final pitch competition in the first week of April.Applicants were challenged to leverage Trust Stamp’s secure identity and data tokenization technology through simple API integration to transform their technology solutions in Africa while speaking to today’s pressing topics of biometrics  regulatory compliance  privacy  cyber security  and more. Trust Stamp narrowed a global applicant pool down to five finalists and worked with each participant to help craft their innovations during a month-long development period.Trust Stamp Chief Innovation Officer Raman Narayanswamy comments  “The fantastic response from applicants and the diversity of solutions targeted at unique local and global needs highlights the significant role of privacy-first identity frameworks in delivering modern  accessible  and secure services across industries and geographies.”On April 5th  Trust Stamp welcomed the finalists virtually and in person to present their solutions to a judging panel comprised of private and public-sector experts in identity and digital transformation  including Jean Claude Niyokwizera of Rwanda's National Identification Agency  Rodrigue Ruhashya of the Rwanda Ministry of ICT and Innovation  and Philip Kakuru of MTN Rwanda  who received a panel nomination from Philip Lucky of the Rwanda Development Board. The finalists and winners include:Story continuesFIRST PLACE  iLabs International / Uqu.do : Earning the highest recognition for its proposed privacy-preserving cross-border identity wallet ecosystem with EU-Africa interoperability  this digital identity company wins access to Trust Stamp’s APIs and development support to bring the innovation to life.SECOND PLACE  SSINTAR : In the proposed metaverse environment modeled on Kigali  avatars establish trust by verifying identity with Trust Stamp’s secure and streamlined identity technology.THIRD PLACE  Imbehe : A rising startup in the health data services space  Imbehe proposed a digital health wallet that enables patients to securely access their insurance and health information with the protection of biometric authentication.Santech Rwanda : This technology solutions provider pitched an e-visitor platform that seamlessly verifies identity at event registration and the point of entry using secure biometric tools.Fiinanza: With a crowdfunding platform that enables communities to support their local businesses  Fiinanza presented its transformative financial solution elevated further with secure  trusted transactions.“We would like to thank the panel of judges for their expert insights and each participant for their dedication throughout the last two months. The 2022 Trusted Rwanda Hackathon participants are pioneering technical advancement in Africa  and we look forward to further growing Trust Stamp Rwanda in the coming year alongside this incredibly innovative and talented community ” added Narayanswamy.EnquiriesTrust Stamp Email: Shareholders@truststamp.ai Gareth Genner  Chief Executive Officer Nisha Naik  Executive VP of Communications Davy (Euronext Growth Advisor) Tel: +353 1 679 6363 Barry Murphy Investor Relations Tel: +1 212-671-1021 Crescendo Communications Email: idai@crescendo-ir.comAbout Trust StampTrust Stamp  the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM  is a global provider of AI-powered identity services for use in multiple sectors including banking and finance  regulatory compliance  government  real estate  communications  and humanitarian services. Its technology empowers organizations with advanced biometric identity solutions that reduce fraud  protect personal data privacy  increase operational efficiency  and reach a broader base of users worldwide through its unique data transformation and comparison capabilities.Located in seven countries across North America  Europe  Asia  and Africa  Trust Stamp trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq: IDAI) and Euronext Growth in Dublin (Euronext Growth: AIID ID). Founded in 2016 by Gareth Genner and Andrew Gowasack  the company now employs over 100 people.Safe Harbor Statement: Caution Concerning Forward-Looking RemarksAll statements in this release that are not based on historical fact are “forward-looking statements” including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The information in this announcement may contain forward-looking statements and information related to  among other things  the company  its business plan and strategy  and its industry. These statements reflect management’s current views with respect to future events based on information currently available and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company does not undertake any obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,mixed,0.62,0.22,0.16,True,English,"['Trusted Rwanda Hackathon', 'Trust Stamp', 'Winners', 'privacy-preserving cross-border identity wallet ecosystem', 'The 2022 Trusted Rwanda Hackathon participants', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Barry Murphy Investor Relations', 'Trust Stamp Chief Innovation Officer', 'health data services space', 'growing Trust Stamp Rwanda', 'advanced biometric identity solutions', 'Trust Stamp Trust Stamp', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'digital health wallet', 'one common theme', 'data-protecting tokenization technologies', 'final pitch competition', 'simple API integration', 'Jean Claude Niyokwizera', 'National Identification Agency', 'transformative financial solution', 'last two months', 'pioneering technical advancement', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'secure, trusted transactions', 'month-long development period', 'data tokenization technology', 'Rwanda Development Board', 'Trust Stamp Email', 'global applicant pool', 'Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM', 'privacy-first identity frameworks', 'personal data privacy', 'unique data transformation', 'ai Gareth Genner', 'secure biometric tools', 'streamlined identity technology', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'AI-powered identity services', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'digital identity company', 'technology solutions provider', 'Crescendo Communications Email', 'Securities Act', 'privacy-first biometric', 'AI-powered trust', 'digital transformation', 'health information', 'Rwanda Ministry', 'MTN Rwanda', 'Santech Rwanda', 'global provider', 'Stamp trades', 'secure services', 'biometric authentication', 'secure identity', 'development support', 'humanitarian services', 'unique local', 'Executive VP', 'global needs', 'powerful solutions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'AIID ID', 'multiple sectors', 'hybrid event', 'five competitors', 'first week', 'pressing topics', 'regulatory compliance', 'cyber security', 'fantastic response', 'significant role', 'modern, accessible', 'public-sector experts', 'Rodrigue Ruhashya', 'Philip Kakuru', 'Philip Lucky', 'FIRST PLACE', 'iLabs International', 'Uqu.do', 'highest recognition', 'EU-Africa interoperability', 'SECOND PLACE', 'metaverse environment', 'THIRD PLACE', 'rising startup', 'visitor platform', 'event registration', 'crowdfunding platform', 'local businesses', 'expert insights', 'coming year', 'talented community', 'Nisha Naik', 'Communications Davy', 'real estate', 'operational efficiency', 'broader base', 'comparison capabilities', 'seven countries', 'North America', 'Andrew Gowasack', 'Forward-Looking Remarks', 'historical fact', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'esteemed panel', 'judging panel', 'panel nomination', 'Raman Narayanswamy', 'looking statements', 'five finalists', 'April 5th', 'applications', 'world', 'Kigali', 'IDAI', 'winners', 'judges', 'Applicants', 'today', 'biometrics', 'innovations', 'diversity', 'industries', 'geographies', 'ICT', 'Story', 'APIs', 'life', 'SSINTAR', 'avatars', 'Imbehe', 'patients', 'insurance', 'protection', 'point', 'entry', 'Fiinanza', 'communities', 'dedication', 'innovative', 'Enquiries', 'Shareholders', 'truststamp', 'use', 'banking', 'finance', 'government', 'organizations', 'fraud', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Dublin', '100 people', 'Caution', 'release', 'meaning', 'provisions']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/essilorluxottica-luxottica-undertakes-acquire-90-183500893.html,EssilorLuxottica: Luxottica undertakes to acquire 90.9% of Fedon to enter the packaging and eyeglass cases industry,Luxottica undertakes to acquire 90.9% of Fedon to enter the packaging and eyeglass cases industry Pursuant to article 17 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 by...,"EssilorLuxotticaLuxottica undertakes to acquire 90.9% of Fedon to enter the packaging and eyeglass cases industryPursuant to article 17 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 by Giorgio Fedon & Figli S.p.A. on behalf of Luxottica Group S.p.A. and of the Sellers (as defined hereinafter)Milan  Italy (April 11  2022 - 8:30 pm) - Luxottica Group S.p.A. (""Luxottica"")  a company subject to the management and coordination of EssilorLuxottica S.A.  announced today that it has entered into a preliminary sale and purchase agreement for the acquisition of a total of no. 1 727 141 shares of the company Giorgio Fedon & Figli S.p.A. (""Issuer"" or ""Company"")  listed on Euronext Growth Milan  the market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  representing 90.9% of the share capital of the Company (""Agreement"").The Agreement was entered into with the relevant shareholders of the Company (i.e. CL & GP S.r.l.  Piergiorgio Fedon  Sylt S.r.l.  Italo Fedon  Laura Corte Metto  Francesca Fedon  Roberto Fedon  Flora Fedon and Rossella Fedon)  as well as other non-relevant shareholders (hereinafter collectively the ""Sellers"").The transaction represents a step forward in EssilorLuxottica's vertical integration strategy  aimed at achieving the highest quality standards along the entire value chain and optimizing the service for the benefit of all industry players.Thanks to cutting-edge technologies and dedicated innovations  the acquisition will allow to better fit the eyewear and spectacles with the cases and packaging to ensure maximum protection and integrity of the product  for the benefit of the final consumer.Furthermore  EssilorLuxottica will also leverage on the Company to pursue its sustainability strategy  investing in the recyclability and circularity of the packaging materials produced by the Company.Pursuant to the Agreement  completion of the sale and purchase (""Closing"") is subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions precedent  as customary in transactions of this kind  including the obtainment of applicable antitrust clearances  the renewal of the board of directors of the Issuer  as well as the management bodies of the companies of the group and the insertion of the voluntary reference to article 111 (Diritto di Acquisto) of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (""TUF"") in the bylaws of the Company  for the purpose of allowing the right of squeeze-out upon holding a shareholding equal to at least 90% of the share capital (""Conditions Precedent"").Story continuesThe purchase price agreed and to be paid on the Closing date to the Sellers  in proportion to the respective shareholdings  is equal to Euro 17.03 for each share and therefore to an aggregate of Euro 29.4 million. The agreed price includes a premium of 135% over the last official price of the Company's shares recorded on April 8  2022 (last trading day preceding the date of entry into the Agreement) as well as a premium of 114% over the weighted average of the official price of the Issuer's shares in the 12 months preceding the date of April 8  2022.It is expected that the Conditions Precedent may be fulfilled and the Closing may take place by the end of June 2022.In the event of completion of the transaction  Luxottica will hold a shareholding equal to 90.9% of the Issuer's share capital and will be required to launch  pursuant to Article 9 (Disposizioni in materia di offerta pubblica di acquisto) of the bylaws of the Company and of art. 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Issuers' Regulation  a mandatory tender offer on all outstanding shares of the Company (""MTO"")  at the same price of Euro 17.03 per share.The MTO is aimed at delisting the Company.***The press release is available on the respective websites of EssilorLuxottica and the Company and on www.1info.it .Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.35,0.35,0.3,True,English,"['eyeglass cases industry', 'EssilorLuxottica', 'Fedon', 'packaging', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Luxottica Group S.p.A.', 'Figli S.p.A.', 'GP S.r.l.', 'Sylt S.r.l.', ""Euronext Growth Issuers' Regulation"", 'EssilorLuxottica S.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Laura Corte Metto', 'highest quality standards', 'entire value chain', 'applicable antitrust clearances', 'mandatory tender offer', 'offerta pubblica di', 'other non-relevant shareholders', 'vertical integration strategy', 'Diritto di Acquisto', 'eyeglass cases industry', 'last official price', 'materia di', 'industry players', 'sustainability strategy', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'dedicated innovations', 'maximum protection', 'final consumer', 'voluntary reference', 'Legislative Decree', 'respective shareholdings', 'same price', 'press release', 'respective websites', 'Giorgio Fedon', 'Italo Fedon', 'Francesca Fedon', 'Roberto Fedon', 'Flora Fedon', 'Rossella Fedon', 'purchase price', 'share capital', 'preliminary sale', 'management bodies', 'The MTO', 'packaging materials', 'Conditions Precedent', 'outstanding shares', 'purchase agreement', 'Closing date', '1,727,141 shares', 'article', 'behalf', 'Sellers', 'Italy', 'April', 'company', 'coordination', 'acquisition', 'total', 'market', 'transaction', 'step', 'service', 'benefit', 'eyewear', 'spectacles', 'integrity', 'product', 'recyclability', 'circularity', 'completion', 'fulfilment', 'kind', 'obtainment', 'renewal', 'board', 'directors', 'companies', 'insertion', 'TUF', 'bylaws', 'purpose', 'right', 'Story', 'proportion', 'aggregate', 'premium', 'trading', 'entry', 'average', '12 months', 'place', 'June', 'event', 'Disposizioni', 'art.', 'www', 'info', 'Attachment', '8:30']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220411005632/en/Poxel-Announces-PXL770-Awarded-FDA-Fast-Track-Designation-for-X-linked-Adrenoleukodystrophy,Poxel Announces PXL770 Awarded FDA Fast Track Designation for X-linked Adrenoleukodystrophy,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) a…,"LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  is pleased to announce that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Fast Track Designation (FTD) to PXL770 for the treatment of patients with adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN)  the most common form of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD). PXL770 is a novel  first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator that is preparing to enter into a Phase 2a clinical Proof-of-Concept (POC) biomarker study midyear  subject to additional financing.Poxel CEO  Thomas Kuhn  commented: ""Having PXL770 awarded Fast Track Designation by the FDA soon after our other promising product  PXL065  is a strong recognition of the potential of both our programs in adrenoleukodystrophy  a significant unmet medical need. Poxel aims at developing innovative treatments to improve the life of patients with serious and rare chronic diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  and the Fast Track Designation could offer PXL770 the ability to substantially accelerate the approval timeline in ALD. We are preparing the next steps to initiate our two Phase 2a clinical studies midyear  with results anticipated early 2023.”Fast Track Designation (FTD)FTD is designed to expedite development of pharmaceutical products which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs in serious or life-threatening conditions.FTD provides Poxel with substantially enhanced access to FDA  including opportunities for face-to-face meetings and written consultations throughout the remaining development of PXL770.Drugs with FTD are eligible to apply for Accelerated Approval and Priority Review at the time of a New Drug Application (NDA) submission  which may result in faster product approval.FTD also allows for 'rolling review'  whereby Poxel may submit completed sections of the NDA as they become available  rather than at the end of development.Next StepsThe Phase 2a clinical POC biomarker studies for Poxel’s two products  PXL770 and PXL065  in X-linked ALD are  subject to additional financing  anticipated to begin midyear  with results anticipated early 2023.Fast Track DesignationIntroduced under the FDA Modernization Act (1997)  Fast Track Designation (FTD) may be awarded by the FDA to investigational drugs which treat a serious or life-threatening condition  and which fill an unmet medical need. Filling an unmet medical need is defined as providing a therapy where none exists or providing a therapy which may be potentially better than available therapy. The FDA notes that 'the purpose of the Fast Track program is to get important new drugs to the patient earlier1”. FTD must be requested by the sponsor company and must be accompanied by a detailed review of both preclinical and clinical data.The key benefits of FTD comprise enhanced access to the FDA  with regular and more frequent opportunities for consultation and discussion. In addition  drugs with FTD may be eligible for Accelerated Approval  in which a new medicine is approved prior to the availability of definitive data  and Priority Review  in which the standard 10-month review process is reduced to six months. Drugs with FTD may also enter a 'rolling review' of their NDA submission  in which sections are submitted and reviewed as they become available  substantially expediting the approval process.About ALDX-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) is an orphan neurometabolic disease caused by mutations in the ABCD1 gene which encodes for a key protein that is required for metabolism of very long chain fatty acids (VLCFA) by peroxisomes (cellular organelles). ALD is the most common leukodystrophy with a prevalence similar to hemophilia – up to 1/10 000 individuals in the general population have ALD [https://rarediseases.org]. Forms of this disease include cerebral ALD (C-ALD) and adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN) which is the most common form – typically occurring in adolescence through adulthood. AMN is characterized by chronic and progressive distal axonopathy involving the long tracts of the spinal cord and to a lesser extent the peripheral nerves resulting in progressive stiffness and weakness in the legs  impaired gait and balance  incontinence  and loss of sensation. Nearly all men with a diagnosis of ALD will develop AMN  and many women also present with features of AMN with a later onset. C-ALD is characterized by inflammatory demyelination of cells in the brain and typically afflicts children  but many men with AMN may also develop cerebral disease; these white matter brain lesions lead to severe neurologic deficits and death. There are no approved medicines for ALD (other than glucocorticoid supplements for associated adrenal insufficiency). C-ALD when first detected in early childhood  can be treated with hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. HSCT is currently limited to early stage of C-ALD and this procedure is at risk of severe adverse reactions.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. Poxel has clinical and earlier-stage programs from its adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator and deuterated TZD platforms targeting chronic and rare metabolic diseases. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) is in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). PXL770  a first-in-class direct AMPK activator  has successfully completed a Phase 2a proof-of-concept trial for the treatment of NASH  which met its objectives. For the rare inherited metabolic disorder  adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD)  the company intends to initiate Phase 2a proof of concept studies with PXL065 and PXL770 in patients with adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class lead product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  has been approved and launched for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan. Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments from Sumitomo Pharma. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  South Korea  Taiwan and nine other Southeast Asian countries. The Company intends to generate further growth through strategic partnerships and pipeline development. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.1 For more information on the Fast Track Designation  see: https://www.fda.gov/patients/fast-track-breakthrough-therapy-accelerated-approval-priority-reviewithfast-track",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.11,0.24,0.65,True,English,"['FDA Fast Track Designation', 'PXL770 Awarded', 'X-linked Adrenoleukodystrophy', 'Poxel', 'Phase 2a clinical POC biomarker studies', 'direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase', 'two Phase 2a clinical studies', 'Phase 2a clinical Proof', 'hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'long chain fatty acids', 'white matter brain lesions', 'significant unmet medical need', 'standard 10-month review process', 'unmet medical needs', 'U.S. Food', 'Fast Track Designation', 'other promising product', 'Fast Track program', 'severe neurologic deficits', 'associated adrenal insufficiency', 'progressive distal axonopathy', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'rare chronic diseases', 'faster product approval', 'New Drug Application', 'orphan neurometabolic disease', 'FDA Modernization Act', 'important new drugs', 'chronic serious diseases', 'clinical data', 'two products', 'key protein', 'approval process', 'sponsor company', 'long tracts', 'new medicine', 'Drug Administration', 'progressive stiffness', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'Priority Review', 'rolling review', 'detailed review', 'approval timeline', 'Accelerated Approval', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'common form', 'AMPK) activator', 'additional financing', 'Thomas Kuhn', 'strong recognition', 'next steps', 'pharmaceutical products', 'life-threatening conditions', 'face meetings', 'written consultations', 'key benefits', 'definitive data', 'six months', 'ABCD1 gene', 'cellular organelles', 'common leukodystrophy', '1/10,000 individuals', 'general population', 'spinal cord', 'lesser extent', 'peripheral nerves', 'many women', 'inflammatory demyelination', 'cerebral disease', 'glucocorticoid supplements', 'early childhood', 'X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy', 'NDA) submission', 'NDA submission', 'investigational drugs', 'enhanced access', 'frequent opportunities', 'many men', 'remaining development', 'available therapy', 'POXEL SA', 'Poxel CEO', 'X-linked ALD', 'cerebral ALD', 'The FDA', 'LYON', 'Euronext', 'NASH', 'FTD', 'PXL770', 'patients', 'adrenomyeloneuropathy', 'AMN', 'novel', 'class', 'Concept', 'PXL06', 'potential', 'programs', 'ability', 'results', 'sections', 'end', 'midyear', 'none', 'purpose', 'preclinical', 'regular', 'discussion', 'mutations', 'metabolism', 'VLCFA', 'peroxisomes', 'prevalence', 'hemophilia', 'rarediseases', 'Forms', 'C-ALD', 'adolescence', 'adulthood', 'weakness', 'legs', 'gait', 'balance', 'incontinence', 'loss', 'sensation', 'diagnosis', 'features', 'later', 'onset', 'cells', 'children', 'death', 'medicines', 'HSCT']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220411005399/en/Verimatrix-Announces-Participation-in-Three-NAB-Show-Sessions-April-24-26-in-Las-Vegas,Verimatrix Announces Participation in Three NAB Show Sessions  April 24-26 in Las Vegas,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced the following NAB Show sessions taking place at the Las …,"AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced the following NAB Show sessions taking place at the Las Vegas Convention Center and featuring the following Verimatrix experts:1. Sunday  April 24  1:00 – 1:30 PM – ""Secure  Value-Add Partnerships that are Now Possible Thanks to Modern SaaS Platforms"" featuring Sebastian Braun  Senior Director of Product Management2. Monday  April 25  2:30 – 3:00 PM – “Threat Defense for Media & Entertainment: How to Close the Open Door in Security Walls to Prevent the Enterprise from Being Compromised"" featuring Jon Samsel  Senior Vice President of Global Marketing3. Tuesday  April 26  11:30 – 12:00 PM – ""The State of Piracy Today and the New Battlefront Against Industrial Scale Content Theft"" featuring Sebastian Braun  Senior Director of Product ManagementVerimatrix will also feature its latest news surrounding the Verimatrix Secure Delivery Platform as well as its Threat Defense and Anti-Piracy solutions at Kiosk W2513 and Meeting Room W4833MR. To schedule an in-person meeting during this year’s NAB Show  contact Verimatrix here.Additionally  during the NAB Show  Verimatrix is set to unveil a white paper it commissioned with Caretta Research  “Protect or Plunder: Surgical Strikes to Disrupt Industrial-scale Piracy”  that details the latest shifts and trends in digital piracy – along with precision countermeasures that are now possible. The full paper will be available for download beginning Monday  April 25 at www.verimatrix.com.“As Verimatrix continues its modernization strategy to offer pioneering cloud-based ecosystems that uniquely bring together cybersecurity and anti-piracy technologies  we’re answering a clear need to address today’s interwoven business requirements throughout media and entertainment and numerous other industries ” said Asaf Ashkenazi  Chief Operating Officer and President at Verimatrix. “This year’s NAB Show serves as a timely and ideal setting to further build on this effort via new and expanded discussions with prospective partners and users seeking to efficiently and cost-effectively secure their content  applications or devices while offering powerful  memorable user experiences.”About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Three NAB Show Sessions', 'Las Vegas', 'Verimatrix', 'Participation', 'April', 'Las Vegas Convention Center', 'powerful, memorable user experiences', 'Industrial Scale Content Theft', 'Verimatrix Secure Delivery Platform', 'Secure, Value-Add Partnerships', 'pioneering cloud-based ecosystems', 'numerous other industries', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'Meeting Room W4833MR', 'interwoven business requirements', 'New Battlefront Against', 'Modern SaaS Platforms', 'mission-critical mobile applications', 'NAB Show sessions', 'Senior Vice President', 'person meeting', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Senior Director', 'new business', 'digital content', 'compelling content', 'SAN DIEGO', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sebastian Braun', 'Product Management', 'Threat Defense', 'Open Door', 'Jon Samsel', 'Global Marketing', 'The State', 'latest news', 'Anti-Piracy solutions', 'Kiosk W2513', 'white paper', 'Caretta Research', 'Surgical Strikes', 'latest shifts', 'precision countermeasures', 'full paper', 'modernization strategy', 'anti-piracy technologies', 'clear need', 'Asaf Ashkenazi', 'ideal setting', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'people-centered security', 'Security Walls', 'frictionless security', 'Industrial-scale Piracy', 'digital piracy', 'prospective partners', 'Verimatrix experts', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'VMX', 'leader', 'world', 'following', 'place', 'Sunday', 'April', '1:30 PM', 'Monday', '3:00 PM', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'Enterprise', 'Tuesday', '12:00 PM', 'year', 'Protect', 'Plunder', 'trends', 'download', 'cybersecurity', 'timely', 'effort', 'discussions', 'users', 'devices', 'everything', 'customers', 'millions', 'consumers', '1:00', '2:30', '11:30']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2665,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220411005791/en/NANOBOTIX%C2%A0New-Preclinical-Immunotherapy-Data-Show-Boosted-Anti-Tumor-Immune-Activation-via-Triple-Blockade-of-PD-1-LAG-3-and-TIGIT-When-Combined-With-Radiotherapy-Activated-NBTXR3,NANOBOTIX: New Preclinical Immunotherapy Data Show Boosted Anti-Tumor Immune Activation via Triple Blockade of PD-1  LAG-3  and TIGIT When Combined With Radiotherapy-Activated NBTXR3,PARIS & CAMBRIDGE  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: NANOBOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  t…,PARIS & CAMBRIDGE  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:NANOBOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced new data from an open-label preclinical study evaluating the combination of first-in-class radioenhancer  NBTXR3  with the triple blockade of PD-1  LAG-3  and TIGIT (“Combination therapy”). The data were published via E-Poster presentation at the 2022 Annual Meeting of the American Association of Cancer Research (AACR)  held April 8-13  2022  by researchers from The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (MD Anderson).“We believe that the potential immune priming effect of radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 could prove to be a game-changer for cancer immunotherapy ” said Laurent Levy  co-founder and chairman of the executive board at Nanobiotix. “Our view is that while new immunotherapy treatment modalities with the potential to improve outcomes for patients continue to emerge  they remain reliant upon an underlying immune response. This new preclinical gene expression data showing that the addition of NBTXR3 enhanced activity in key immune pathways associated with innate and adaptive immunity  and outperformed all other combinations in efficacy  survival  and induction of long-term anti-cancer memory  adds to a growing body of support for NBTXR3 as a product candidate that could potentially help expand the benefits of immunotherapy to larger share of the patients we serve.”PRECLINICAL DATA ON IMMUNOTHERAPY BLOCKADE PLUS RADIOTHERAPY-ACTIVATED NBTXR3Previously reported preclinical and clinical data evaluating NBTXR3 in combination with diverse immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) including anti-PD-1  anti-CTLA-4  anti-LAG-3  and anti-TIGIT suggest that  after activation by radiotherapy  the radioenhancer may induce an “immune priming” effect that could help improve and expand the benefits of ICIs to more patients.This new analysis  presented at AACR  assessed immune gene expression associated with multiple combinations of NBTXR3  anti-PD-1  anti-LAG-3  and anti-TIGIT.Key Findings Include:The Combination therapy outperformed all other tested treatment regimens in efficacy  survival  and induction of long-term anti-cancer memoryThe Combination therapy significantly promoted the upregulation of mRNA transcripts involved in innate immunity  the humoral response  B cell function  dendritic cell function  and antigen processing within primary  irradiated tumors relative to untreated controlsWithin non-irradiated tumors  the Combination therapy produced elevations in multiple immune-related pathways that were significantly higher than those produced by other treatment combinations and these pathways included both adaptive and innate immunity; B  T  natural killer  and dendritic cell function; and antigen processingThe Combination therapy promoted immune activation at the irradiated site  abscopal immune responses are improved with the addition of LAG-3 and TIGIT to PD-1 and radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3  and the data suggest that the Combination therapy may be effective against metastatic cancers***About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product  composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physics-based mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly  with immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored phase I dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company sponsored phase I clinical study  evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC and for patients with lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy  either naïve or resistant to prior PD-1 (either primary or secondary as per SITC criteria).Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in strategic collaborations to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several phase I and phase II studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2021  the Company entered into an additional strategic collaboration agreement with LianBio to support its global phase III study in Asia along with four future registrational studies.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  Germany and Switzerland.Nanobiotix has been listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate– NBTXR3 —which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “at this time ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “expect ” “intend ” “on track ” “plan ” “scheduled ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the timing and progress of clinical trials  the timing of our presentation of data  the results of our preclinical and clinical studies and their potential implications. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data notwithstanding positive early clinical results and the risks associated with the evolving nature of the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental and regulatory measures implemented in response to it. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 8  2022 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 8  2022  each as updated in our Half-Year Financial Report filed with the AMF and the SEC on September 8  2021 (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com)  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,positive,0.47,0.36,0.17,True,English,"['New Preclinical Immunotherapy Data', 'Anti-Tumor Immune Activation', 'Triple Blockade', 'Radiotherapy-Activated NBTXR3', 'NANOBOTIX', 'PD-1', 'LAG-3', 'TIGIT', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'new preclinical gene expression data', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'phase I dose escalation', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'phase I clinical study', 'diverse immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'significant tumor cell death', 'potential immune priming effect', 'new immunotherapy treatment modalities', 'immune gene expression', 'immune priming” effect', 'dose expansion study', 'B cell function', 'dendritic cell function', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'abscopal immune responses', 'open-label preclinical study', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'United States Food', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'underlying immune response', 'primary development pathway', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'favorable safety data', 'key immune pathways', 'multiple immune-related pathways', 'class oncology product', 'adaptive immune response', 'primary, irradiated tumors', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'The Combination therapy', 'other treatment combinations', 'new data', 'clinical data', 'new analysis', 'primary cancer', 'Regulatory News', 'multiple combinations', 'The University', 'humoral response', 'cancer immunotherapy', 'immune activation', 'Key Findings', 'treatment possibilities', 'Cancer Research', 'treatment regimens', 'radiation therapy', 'other combinations', 'product candidate', 'irradiated site', 'solid tumor', 'scalable potential', 'IMMUNOTHERAPY BLOCKADE', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'class radioenhancer', 'triple blockade', 'E-Poster presentation', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'American Association', 'Laurent Levy', 'executive board', 'adaptive immunity', 'growing body', 'larger share', 'mRNA transcripts', 'antigen processing', 'untreated controls', 'natural killer', 'metastatic cancers', 'physics-based mechanism', 'therapeutic combination', 'advanced head', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'locoregional recurrent', 'liver metastases', 'SITC criteria', 'focus areas', 'innate immunity', 'advanced HNSCC', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'radiotherapy-activated NBTXR', 'prior PD-1', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass', 'NANOBOTIX', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'patients', 'LAG-3', 'TIGIT', 'AACR', 'April', 'researchers', 'game-changer', 'founder', 'chairman', 'view', 'outcomes', 'addition', 'activity', 'efficacy', 'survival', 'induction', 'support', 'benefits', 'ICIs', 'upregulation', 'elevations', 'novel', 'action', 'MoA', 'neck', 'sponsored', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'lung', 'strateg']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-publish-first-161000810.html,Dassault Systèmes to publish its First Quarter 2022 Results  Webcast and Conference Call on April 27th  2022,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 11th  2022 Dassault Systèmes to publish its First Quarter 2022 Results Webcast and Conference Call on April ...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 11th  2022Dassault Systèmes to publish itsFirst Quarter 2022 Results Webcast and Conference Call on April 27th  2022Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  world leader in 3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions  will publish its operating performance for the first quarter 2022  ended March 31st  2022  on Wednesday  April 27th  2022.The management of Dassault Systèmes will present the earnings by webcast at 10.00 Paris time – 09.00 London time  and will then host a conference call at 09.00 New York time – 15.00 Paris time – 14.00 London time.Both the webcast and the conference call will be available live and as replay on Dassault Systèmes’ investor website at https://investor.3ds.com.ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI Consulting François-José Bordonado /Béatrix Martinez:+33 1 61 62 69 24/70 21USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.com Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48Jamie Rickett/Elena Kalinskaya: +44 2037271600© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'First Quarter 2022 Results', 'Conference Call', 'April 27th', 'Webcast', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes’ investor website', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', '3D design software', 'virtual twin experiences', 'François-José Bordonado', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Versailles Commercial Register', '09.00 New York time', 'First Quarter 2022 Results', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'commercial trademarks', '10.00 Paris time', '09.00 London time', '15.00 Paris time', '14.00 London time', 'Press Release', 'Conference Call', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'PLM) solutions', 'operating performance', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Rickett', 'Elena Kalinskaya', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'April 11th', 'April 27th', 'other countries', '3DS logo', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'Webcast', 'DSY', 'March', 'Wednesday', 'earnings', 'replay', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Story', 'Attachment', '©']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2667,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-gevaert-share-buyback-program-154000024.html,Agfa-Gevaert: Share buyback program – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – April 11  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – April 11  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase Agfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided that the 2021 Share Buyback will be extended through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of the decision of the Board of Directors on March 9  2021  the company  by notarial deed dated March 30  2022  cancelled a total of 2 299 218 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 158 207 488.On transaction date April 8  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 535 970 own shares  which represents 0.34% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) April 4  2022 49 462 3.6746 3.6500 3.6950 181 753.07 April 5  2022 60 454 3.7028 3.6650 3.7300 223 849.07 April 6  2022 67 000 3.7593 3.7150 3.7950 251 873.90 April 7  2022 63 200 3.8274 3.7800 3.8500 241 891.68 April 8  2022 60 104 3.8627 3.8400 3.8800 232 163.72 Total 300 220 3.7690 1 131 530.64Since the beginning of the share buyback program until April 8th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 10 079 672 own shares  representing 6.01% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesAbout AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', '2021 Share Buyback', 'total outstanding shares', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'new number', 'total number', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'Total price', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', '2,299,218 treasury shares', 'leading company', '1,760 million Euro', 'April 8th', 'Johan Jacobs', '50,000,000 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'March', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '535,970', '10,079,672']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2668,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coface-sa-combined-shareholders-meeting-154500647.html,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting 17th May 2022 at 02.00pm,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting 17th May 2022 at 02.00pm Paris  11 April 2022 – 17.45 Coface SA's shareholders are hereby informed that the...,"Coface SACOFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting 17th May 2022 at 02.00pmParis  11 April 2022 – 17.45Coface SA's shareholders are hereby informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Tuesday  17th May 2022 at 02.00pm at the Group’s headquarters and registered office:1 Place Costes et Bellonte92270 Bois-Colombes - FranceThe notice of meeting containing the agenda and draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (French Bulletin of Mandatory Legal Notices - BALO) No.43 on 11th April 2022 (announcement No. 2200839).Shareholders may attend the meeting regardless of the number of shares they own  under the conditions described in the notice of meeting.We advise the shareholders to:To vote on the resolutions by post or online  using either the postal voting form or the Votaccess platform. They can also appoint the Chairman to represent them;To submit written questions to the Chairman of the Board of Directors by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt or electronically to the following address: investors@coface.com (including evidence of their shareholding) on the 11th of May  at the latest. To be taken into account  these questions must be accompanied by a book-entry certificate justifying the share ownership.All documents that must be disclosed for this meeting will be available to the shareholders  within the legal deadlines  on COFACE SA institutional website (www.coface.com) and more precisely under ""Investors/General Assembly"" (https://www.coface.com/Investors/General-Assembly).CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 - corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2021/2022(subject to change)Q1-2022 results: 28 April 2022 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2021: 17 May 2022H1-2022 results: 28 July 2022 (after market close)9M-2022 results: 27 October 2022 (after market closeStory continuesFINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for S1-2021 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”)COFACE: FOR TRADEWith 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.14,0.28,0.58,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting 17th', 'COFACE SA', '02.00pm', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting 17th', 'COFACE SA institutional website', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'postal voting form', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Mandatory Legal Notices', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Main risk factors', 'integral regulatory information', 'trade credit insurance', 'adjacent specialty services', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'legal deadlines', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'credit decisions', 'many factors', 'major factors', '17th May', 'The Group', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'new information', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Bellonte 92270 Bois-Colombes', 'Votaccess platform', 'following address', 'book-entry certificate', 'share ownership', 'Investors/General Assembly', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'Q1-2022 results', 'H1-2022 results', '9M-2022 results', 'press release', 'global economy', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'draft resolutions', 'French Bulletin', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'unidentified risks', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', '11th April', '17 May', '11 April', '28 April', '6 April', '02.00pm', 'Tuesday', 'headquarters', 'France', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'No.', 'announcement', 'number', 'shares', 'conditions', 'Chairman', 'questions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'evidence', 'shareholding', 'account', 'documents', 'General-Assembly', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', '27 October', 'Story', 'APM', 'S1', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', 'world', 'companies', 'ability', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,538 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'management', 'AMF', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49 02']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2669,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/societe-generale-ceases-activities-russia-060100104.html,Societe Generale ceases its activities in Russia and signs an agreement to sell Rosbank and its Russian Insurance subsidiaries,SOCIETE GENERALE CEASES ITS ACTIVITIES IN RUSSIA AND SIGNS AN AGREEMENT TO SELL ROSBANK AND ITS RUSSIAN INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIESPress release Paris  11 April...,Société GénéraleSOCIETE GENERALE CEASES ITS ACTIVITIES IN RUSSIA AND SIGNS AN AGREEMENT TO SELL ROSBANK AND ITS RUSSIAN INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIESPress releaseParis  11 April 2022  8 amSociete Generale ceases its banking and insurance activities in Russia and announces the signing of a sale and purchase agreement to sell its entire stake in Rosbank and the Group’s Russian insurance subsidiaries to Interros Capital  the previous shareholder of Rosbank. With this agreement  concluded after several weeks of intensive work  the Group would exit(1) in an effective and orderly manner from Russia  ensuring continuity for its employees and clients.This contemplated transaction  which remains subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory and anti-trust authorities  will be conducted in compliance with the legal and regulatory obligations in force. The closing of this operation should occur in the coming weeks.The impact of the disposal of Rosbank and the Group’s Russian insurance activities on the Group's CET1 ratio is expected to be around 20 basis points based on the net value of the disposed assets as of December 31  2021(2). It would mainly result from the impact of the write-off of the net book value of the disposed assets  largely offset by  on the one hand  the deconsolidation of the local exposure to Russia (~EUR 15.4 billion of exposure at default as of December 31  2021(3)) and on the other  a payment in favor of Societe Generale including notably the repayment by the purchaser of the subordinated debt granted by Societe Generale to its subsidiary.Pro-forma this transaction  the Group’s CET 1 ratio would remain comfortably above the Group’s guidance. As a reminder  the Group's CET1 ratio was 13.7% as of December 31  2021  i.e. 470 basis points above the minimum regulatory requirement.This contemplated disposal would lead to the accounting in the Group’s income statement(4) of the following main items:the write-off of the net book value of the divested activities (~EUR 2 billion ( 5 ) );an exceptional non-cash item with no impact on the Group’s capital ratio (~EUR 1.1 billion(5))  which corresponds to the normative reversal of the conversion reserve in the Group’s income statement.Story continuesThe Group confirms its distribution policy for the 2021 financial year i.e. the cash dividend of EUR 1.65 per share  subject to the approval of the Combined General meeting of shareholders on 17 May 2022  and the announced share buyback program for an amount of approximately EUR 915 million(6).(1) ALD Automotive OOO  which operates in Russia and through its branches in Kazakhstan  and ALD Belarus LLC no longer conclude any new commercial transactions.(2) Value as of December 31  2021 based on a EUR/RUB exchange rate of 85.(3) Equivalent to ~EUR 10.7 billion of Risk Weighted Asset as of December 31  2021.(4) Accounted in “net profit or loss on other assets”.(5) Based on non-audited estimated data as of February 28  2022 and a EUR/RUB exchange rate of 92. The final impact would be calculated based on the data and the foreign exchange rate at the closing date. The accounting period would depend on the closing date.(6) Subject to usual approvals from ECB and Combined General meeting.Press Contacts:Societe GeneraleJean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 131 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 26 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking which encompasses the Societe Generale  Credit du Nord and Boursorama brands. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services to Corporates  with networks in Africa  Russia  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website www.societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.8,0.18,mixed,0.2,0.3,0.5,True,English,"['Russian Insurance subsidiaries', 'Societe Generale', 'activities', 'agreement', 'Rosbank', 'Société Générale', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'following main items', 'exceptional non-cash item', 'Combined General meeting', 'ALD Automotive OOO', 'ALD Belarus LLC', 'new commercial transactions', 'EUR/RUB exchange rate', 'Risk Weighted Asset', 'foreign exchange rate', 'Credit du Nord', 'key international locations', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'RUSSIAN INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'minimum regulatory requirement', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'net book value', 'share buyback program', 'integrated banking model', '26 million individual clients', 'Russian insurance activities', 'SOCIETE GENERALE CEASES', 'net value', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', '2021 financial year', 'financial strength', 'net profit', 'Investor Solutions', 'relevant regulatory', 'regulatory obligations', 'specialised businesses', 'divested activities', 'Press release', 'entire stake', 'Interros Capital', 'previous shareholder', 'several weeks', 'intensive work', 'orderly manner', 'anti-trust authorities', 'coming weeks', 'CET1 ratio', '20 basis points', 'one hand', 'subordinated debt', 'CET 1 ratio', '470 basis points', 'income statement', 'capital ratio', 'normative reversal', 'conversion reserve', 'distribution policy', 'cash dividend', 'usual approvals', 'Press Contacts', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'Boursorama brands', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Global Banking', 'ITS ACTIVITIES', 'closing date', 'local exposure', 'accounting period', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'purchase agreement', 'other assets', 'final impact', 'Eastern Europe', 'The Group', 'SELL', 'ROSBANK', 'Paris', '11 April', 'signing', 'sale', 'effective', 'continuity', 'employees', 'compliance', 'legal', 'force', 'operation', 'disposal', 'December', 'write-off', 'deconsolidation', 'default', 'payment', 'favor', 'purchaser', 'subsidiary', 'guidance', 'reminder', 'Story', 'shareholders', '17 May', 'amount', 'branches', 'Kazakhstan', 'loss', 'data', 'February', 'ECB', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '131,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Corporates', 'networks', 'Africa', 'Central', 'leaders', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2670,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220411005064/en/Globalgig-Selects-Thales-to-Enable-Global-Immediate-and-Resilient-Connectivity-for-Massive-IoT-Deployments,Globalgig Selects Thales to Enable Global  Immediate and Resilient Connectivity for Massive IoT Deployments,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales announces a new partnership with Globalgig  the Global Connectivity Service Provider  for the world’s first deployment of Thales Adaptive Connect  an innovative solution that supports the smart connection of massive f…,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales announces a new partnership with Globalgig  the Global Connectivity Service Provider  for the world’s first deployment of Thales Adaptive Connect  an innovative solution that supports the smart connection of massive fleets of IoT devices. Based on eSIM (embedded SIM) technology  Thales Adaptive Connect effectively enables IoT devices to connect and use the most appropriate subscription as soon as powered up in the field.By 2025  an estimated one billion eSIM enabled IoT devices will be deployed worldwide. Unlike consumer products  IoT devices are usually positioned in remote and unattended locations. To support this expected massive IoT deployment stake  Globalgig decided to go for Thales remote connectivity management solution to address this global need.Indeed  Thales Adaptive Connect is designed specifically to deliver the flexibility required by the IoT sector – leveraging built-in eSIM and remote subscription management. Any device at rest or in movement can be activated remotely eliminating the need to preload mobile subscription on the production line. With the new solution  Global Connectivity Service Providers - such as Globalgig - and Group of Operators can offer immediate and seamless remote connectivity to IoT Service providers  with no impact on device manufacturing and logistics operations.As a result Thales Adaptive Connect delivers compelling benefits to IoT and Global Connectivity Service Providers supporting the deployment of new valuable services  as well as device manufacturers  as one device can now serve all markets. All stakeholders will find it much easier to roll-out innovative and affordable IoT use cases for their end users and customers  thanks to a service continuity assured by Thales.Mark Castle  Chief Revenue Officer for Globalgig UK  said: “Thales Adaptive Connect is the only solution of its kind on the market. Fitting perfectly with our commitment to innovation and transformation  it represents an unprecedented opportunity to offer exceptional connectivity services throughout the IoT ecosystem. We have already signed up a number of major clients.”Emmanuel Unguran  SVP Mobile Connectivity Solutions at Thales said: “Enabling a myriad of exciting use cases  ranging from smart metering to smart cities  massive IoT deployments are set to transform the quality of everyday life. By partnering with Globalgig for the first ever deployment of Thales Adaptive Connect  we are dramatically streamlining the process of creating  connecting and supporting these IoT devices. Quite simply  Thales Adaptive Connect is going to make the future happen faster.”About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organizations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfil their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group generated sales of €16.2 billion.PLEASE VISITThales GroupDigital Identity & Security,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['Massive IoT Deployments', 'Global, Immediate', 'Resilient Connectivity', 'Globalgig', 'Thales', 'one billion eSIM enabled IoT devices', 'Thales remote connectivity management solution', 'PARIS LA DÉFENSE', 'Global Connectivity Service Provider', 'affordable IoT use cases', 'SVP Mobile Connectivity Solutions', 'massive IoT deployment stake', 'exciting use cases', 'IoT Service providers', 'seamless remote connectivity', 'remote subscription management', 'embedded SIM) technology', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'deep tech” innovations', 'exceptional connectivity services', 'massive IoT deployments', 'Thales Adaptive Connect', 'first ever deployment', 'new valuable services', 'one device', 'service continuity', 'mobile subscription', 'global leader', 'first deployment', 'massive fleets', 'Euronext Paris', 'new solution', 'IoT sector', 'IoT ecosystem', 'global need', 'new partnership', 'appropriate subscription', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative solution', 'smart connection', 'unattended locations', 'production line', 'logistics operations', 'compelling benefits', 'end users', 'Mark Castle', 'unprecedented opportunity', 'major clients', 'Emmanuel Unguran', 'smart metering', 'smart cities', 'everyday life', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'Thales Group', 'device manufacturing', 'device manufacturers', 'digital identity', 'consumer products', 'confident future', 'The Group', 'security domains', 'Globalgig UK', 'world', 'field', 'flexibility', 'rest', 'movement', 'Operators', 'immediate', 'impact', 'result', 'markets', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'kind', 'commitment', 'transformation', 'number', 'myriad', 'quality', 'process', 'cybersecurity', 'development', 'societies', 'businesses', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'consideration', 'individual', 'decisions', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'sales', 'PLEASE', '2025']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2671,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000146.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 08 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.6215 £ 24.8424 Estimated MTD return 0.58 % 0.61 % Estimated YTD return -1.98 % -1.83 % Estimated ITD return 186.22 % 148.42 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.64 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.49 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.4056 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.2833The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'NAV N', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2672,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000390.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 08 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.6215 £ 24.8424 Estimated MTD return 0.58 % 0.61 % Estimated YTD return -1.98 % -1.83 % Estimated ITD return 186.22 % 148.42 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.64 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.49 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.4056 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.2833The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'NAV N', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2673,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-and-courtroom-insight-extend-partnership-to-the-almanac-of-the-federal-judiciary-301522760.html,Wolters Kluwer and Courtroom Insight Extend Partnership to the Almanac of the Federal Judiciary,The partnership provides access to judge profiles and verified attorney reviews for legal professionals NEW YORK  April 11  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. and Courtroom Insight today announced the extension of their partnership  n…,"Courtroom Insight is a customized knowledge management solution that enables law firms to capture  share and analyze critical information about arbitrators  expert witnesses  judges and attorneys. In 2021  Wolters Kluwer and Courtroom Insight announced plans to give mutual customers access to Wolters Kluwer's labor arbitration content. More recently  the company provided users with seamless access from Kluwer Arbitration to Courtroom Insight. This latest expansion of their partnership into the Almanac of the Federal Judiciary is Wolters Kluwer's latest move to provide eligible customers with access to a rich and comprehensive database of legal content.""The next step in our successful partnership with Courtroom Insight provides our customers with valuable information on federal judges  from district courts to the Supreme Court  to enable better preparation and increase the chances of a successful case "" said Ken Crutchfield  Vice President & General Manager of Legal Markets at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. ""We are pleased that we have been able to give our mutual customers multiple points of access to content through Wolters Kluwer and Courtroom Insight  extending efficient workflow solutions for legal professionals backed by deep domain expertise.""The Almanac of the Federal Judiciary is a trusted solution containing information on federal judges  including those sitting on the Supreme Court  Appellate Courts  Districts Courts  Bankruptcy Courts  and Specialized Courts. Customers can view reviews by attorneys who have practiced in front of that judge  the judge's financial disclosure information  and a history of cases that the judge has presided over. The new partnership extension will allow legal professionals to better prepare for cases by researching the presiding judges with reputable material. Mutual customers of Wolters Kluwer and Courtroom Insight will have access to this resource.""Through our enhanced partnership with Wolters Kluwer  our clients can access deeper insights about judges  including biographical data and attorney evaluations "" said Mark Torchiana  CEO of Courtroom Insight. ""By combining internal research and evaluations with the critical information found in the Almanac of the Federal Judiciary  our shared customers can confidently research comprehensive judge profiles to inform their legal strategies.""To learn more  visit: https://almanacofthefederaljudiciary.com/DashboardAbout Courtroom InsightCourtroom Insight  headquartered in San Ramon  California  offers the leading knowledge management solution that enables law firms to capture  share and analyze critical information about expert witnesses  arbitrators and judges. For further information  please visit https://www.courtroominsight.com or https://www.linkedin.com/company/courtroom-insight/About Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'Courtroom Insight', 'Federal Judiciary', 'Partnership', 'Almanac', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'customized knowledge management solution', 'leading knowledge management solution', 'deep domain knowledge', 'deep domain expertise', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'efficient workflow solutions', 'financial disclosure information', 'new partnership extension', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'labor arbitration content', 'comprehensive judge profiles', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'mutual customers access', 'trusted solution', 'Kluwer Arbitration', 'regulatory sectors', 'comprehensive database', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'legal content', 'Legal Markets', 'legal professionals', 'legal strategies', 'Courtroom Insight', 'law firms', 'expert witnesses', 'latest expansion', 'Federal Judiciary', 'latest move', 'next step', 'district courts', 'Supreme Court', 'successful case', 'Ken Crutchfield', 'Vice President', 'General Manager', 'multiple points', 'Appellate Courts', 'Districts Courts', 'Bankruptcy Courts', 'Specialized Courts', 'reputable material', 'deeper insights', 'biographical data', 'Mark Torchiana', 'internal research', 'San Ramon', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'critical information', 'valuable information', 'professional information', 'successful partnership', 'seamless access', 'eligible customers', 'federal judges', 'presiding judges', 'attorney evaluations', 'The Almanac', 'arbitrators', 'attorneys', 'plans', 'company', 'users', 'rich', 'preparation', 'chances', 'reviews', 'front', 'history', 'cases', 'resource', 'clients', 'CEO', 'almanacofthefederaljudiciary', 'Dashboard', 'California', 'courtroominsight', 'linkedin', 'courtroom-insight', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2674,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gasunie-hes-international-vopak-join-060000504.html,Gasunie  HES International and Vopak join forces to develop an import terminal for a hydrogen carrier in the port of Rotterdam,Gasunie  HES International and Vopak join forces to develop an import terminal for a hydrogen carrier in the port of Rotterdam 11 April 2022  Rotterdam...,Koninklijke Vopak N.V.Gasunie  HES International and Vopak join forces to develop an import terminal for a hydrogen carrier in the port of Rotterdam11 April 2022  Rotterdam/Groningen  the NetherlandsGasunie  HES International (HES) and Vopak will be working together to develop an import terminal for green ammonia as a hydrogen carrier. The companies have signed a cooperation agreement to that effect. The cooperation is a response to growing global demand for the import and storage of green energy. This quarter  work will be started on the basic design of the import terminal. The terminal  that will operate on the Maasvlakte under the name ACE Terminal  will be operational from 2026.Green hydrogen is seen as an essential element of the future renewable energy mix. Demand for green hydrogen is growing in the energy sector  the transport sector and the petrochemical industry  both in the Netherlands and Germany. An import terminal for green ammonia will make a vital contribution to the import of hydrogen  an essential link in the hydrogen chain  alongside hydrogen production  transport and storage. A reliable logistic chain is essential for developing the market for green hydrogen and for achieving the climate goals for 2030 and 2050.Ammonia as hydrogen carrierIn addition to the production of green hydrogen in the Netherlands  there will also be demand in Northwestern Europe for the large-scale import of green hydrogen  in order to meet future demand. Green ammonia as a hydrogen carrier will play a vital role. Reacting green hydrogen with nitrogen forms green ammonia  allowing the hydrogen to be efficiently and safely transported in large volumes. The ammonia can then be stored and converted again to green hydrogen. Green ammonia is also immediately usable as CO2-free fuel for example for shipping or as a raw material for example for the production of fertiliser.Strategic locationAt the intended location on Rotterdam’s Maasvlakte  vessels from all over the world can moor to discharge green ammonia  and in the initial phase possibly also blue ammonia. Use can be made of the existing infrastructure and the logistic facilities of the Port of Rotterdam. The site offers space for the development of an installation for converting ammonia into hydrogen. In the future  this installation will be connected to the national hydrogen network of Gasunie  that can serve the future hydrogen market in Northwestern Europe.Joining forcesOn the Maasvlakte  HES operates a strategic location with quayside capacity and direct access from the sea. Gasunie has at this location infrastructure of existing storage tanks and a system of pipelines. Vopak  with six ammonia terminals around the world  has extensive experience in the safe storage of ammonia. By joining forces  an attractive starting point will be established from which within just a few years  the partners will be able to realise the import location for green ammonia in Rotterdam. The eventual investment decision still has to be taken  and will be based among others on customer contracts and the necessary permits  including the EIA procedure.Market consultationThe service proposition will entail an independent open access terminal infrastructure  in which the partners will not own the green ammonia. A market consultation procedure is soon to be launched  in which interested parties can announce their interest in the supply  storage and transhipment of green ammonia and hydrogen. Initial discussions are already underway with international market parties.-----Story continuesAbout HES InternationalContributing to the world of tomorrow  that’s what we do at HES. With 18 terminals in 6 countries at strategic located ports in Europe we are an important switch in the continuous delivery of essential building blocks for our everyday life needed to develop  sustain and improve the world around us. Our professional staff of 1 450 ensure that bulk commodities are safely stored  handled and processed 24/7 for customers from all corners of the globe.We pursue sustainable growth of our Agri & Minerals and liquid product portfolio as well as an expansion of our processing activities through expansion of our existing sites  greenfield development and the acquisition of operating terminals. In addition we have a strong focus on adjacent business opportunities that arise from the energy transition such as hydrogen  refrigerated gases and chemical recycling. We want to create long-term growth and value for all our stakeholders including employees  customers  shareholders and the communities and countries in which we operate. This is underpinned by our focus on safety and our core values of integrity  respect  accountability  openness and entrepreneurialism.HES International is headquartered in Rotterdam and has already been carefully handling bulk raw materials since 1908. Macquarie Asset Management  via Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 5  and West Street Infrastructure Partners III  managed by the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Infrastructure business  each indirectly control 50% of the shares of HES International B.V. For more information  please visit www.hesinternational.euAbout GasunieGasunie is a European energy-infrastructure company. Gasunie’s network is one of the largest high-pressure pipeline networks in Europe  comprising over 17 000 kilometres of pipeline in the Netherlands and northern Germany. Gasunie provides natural and green gas transport services through its subsidiaries  Gasunie Transport Services B.V. (GTS) in the Netherlands and Gasunie Deutschland in Germany. With its cross-border gas infrastructure and services  Gasunie facilitates TTF  which has become the leading European gas trading point. Gasunie also provides other gas infrastructure services  including gas storage and LNG. Gasunie wants to help accelerate the transition to a CO2-neutral energy supply and believes that gas-related innovations  for instance in the form of renewable gases such as hydrogen and green gas  can make an important contribution. Both existing and new gas infrastructure play a key role here. Gasunie also plays an active part in the development of other energy infrastructure to support the energy transition. For more information  please visit www.gasunie.nl/en/About VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. With over 400 years of history and a focus on sustainability  we ensure safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases for our customers. By doing so  we enable the delivery of products that are vital to our economy and daily lives  ranging from chemicals  oils  gases and LNG to biofuels and vegoils. We are determined to develop key infrastructure solutions for the world’s changing energy systems  while simultaneously investing in digitalization and innovation. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comContact detailsHES InternationalEsther Erkelens  Communications Manager  e.erkelens@hesinternational.euGasunieRoland Kroes  Corporate Communications  r.e.a.kroes@gasunie.nl +31(0)6 1020 2894Loek Caris  Investor Relations  a.j.p.caris@gasunie.nl  + 31(0)6 28 975 615VopakLiesbeth Lans  Manager External Communication  global.communication@vopak.comFatjona Topciu  Head of Investor Relations  +31(0)10 400 2776  investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.65,0.3,0.05,True,English,"['HES International', 'import terminal', 'hydrogen carrier', 'Gasunie', 'Vopak', 'forces', 'Rotterdam', 'Goldman Sachs Asset Management Infrastructure business', 'West Street Infrastructure Partners III', 'independent open access terminal infrastructure', 'Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund', 'Koninklijke Vopak N.V.', 'future renewable energy mix', 'Macquarie Asset Management', 'adjacent business opportunities', 'attractive starting point', 'eventual investment decision', 'liquid product portfolio', 'essential building blocks', 'reliable logistic chain', 'bulk raw materials', 'national hydrogen network', 'growing global demand', 'market consultation procedure', 'international market parties', 'existing storage tanks', 'six ammonia terminals', 'future hydrogen market', 'existing infrastructure', 'location infrastructure', 'direct access', 'green energy', 'energy sector', 'logistic facilities', 'EIA procedure', 'interested parties', 'bulk commodities', 'energy transition', 'hydrogen chain', 'essential element', 'essential link', 'existing sites', 'ACE Terminal', 'future demand', 'import terminal', 'basic design', 'petrochemical industry', 'vital contribution', 'climate goals', 'vital role', 'nitrogen forms', 'large volumes', 'CO2-free fuel', 'intended location', 'initial phase', 'quayside capacity', 'extensive experience', 'customer contracts', 'necessary permits', 'service proposition', 'Initial discussions', 'important switch', 'continuous delivery', 'everyday life', 'professional staff', 'sustainable growth', 'processing activities', 'operating terminals', 'refrigerated gases', 'chemical recycling', 'long-term growth', 'core values', 'hydrogen carrier', 'Green hydrogen', 'green ammonia', 'blue ammonia', 'HES International', 'large-scale import', 'import location', 'Northwestern Europe', 'Strategic location', 'safe storage', 'cooperation agreement', 'transport sector', 'greenfield development', 'strong focus', 'hydrogen production', '18 terminals', 'Gasunie', 'forces', 'Rotterdam', 'April', 'Netherlands', 'companies', 'effect', 'response', 'Maasvlakte', 'name', 'Germany', 'addition', 'order', 'example', 'shipping', 'fertiliser', 'vessels', 'world', 'Use', 'space', 'installation', 'sea', 'system', 'pipelines', 'years', 'others', 'supply', 'transhipment', 'Story', 'tomorrow', '6 countries', 'ports', 'customers', 'corners', 'globe', 'Agri', 'Minerals', 'expansion', 'acquisition', 'stakeholders', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'communities', 'safety', 'integrity', 'respect', 'accountability', 'openness', 'entrepreneurialism']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2675,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220411005562/en/Medidata-Wins-Citeline-Awards-for-myMedidata-the-Most-Comprehensive-Patient-Portal-for-Decentralized-Clinical-Trials-and-its-Holistic-Digital-Oversight-Solution-to-Enable-Clinical-Monitoring-Strategies,Medidata Wins Citeline Awards for myMedidata  the Most Comprehensive Patient Portal for Decentralized Clinical Trials  and its Holistic Digital Oversight Solution to Enable Clinical Monitoring Strategies,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata recognized by Citeline for technology innovations to engage patients  optimize clinical trials  and accelerate development of new medicines.,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  is pleased to announce that it was recognized for its outstanding accomplishments in life sciences by the Citeline Awards:Best Patient-Facing Technology Initiative for myMedidata  a single-destination web-based portal for patients to engage pre-trial  in-trial  and post-trial  built for patients  by patients.for myMedidata  a single-destination web-based portal for patients to engage pre-trial  in-trial  and post-trial  built for patients  by patients. Best Sponsor-Facing Technology Initiative for Medidata’s Digital Oversight Solution  which facilitates clinical trial data oversight and monitoring  improving timelines  cost  and quality in the execution of decentralized clinical trials (DCTs).The Citeline Awards celebrate critical achievements across the spectrum of key R&D activities  from successes in early and late-stage research  to advances in technological tools  to innovations in trial design and execution. Medidata was presented with the awards in a ceremony held on April 7 in Boston.myMedidata was recognized as a powerful  intuitive  patient-centric portal. The Citeline Best Patient-facing Technology Initiative recognizes the growing role of technology in facilitating participation in clinical trials and is awarded to the product which best advances patient data collection and improves overall patient experience. myMedidata enables patients to seamlessly connect with any online device to virtually learn about  enroll in and participate in clinical trial activities. It is the industry’s single most comprehensive  integrated tool set for all aspects of clinical research. It is built on Medidata’s industry leading Rave EDC (Electronic Data Capture) system  currently in use at more clinical research sites globally than any other system.Medidata’s Digital Oversight Solution was commended for its transformative impact on all core activities of the trial process. Medidata’s Digital Oversight Solution has a unique position in the market  unifying risk management  centralized monitoring  and a robust clinical trial management system (CTMS) on one platform. This solution makes it possible for study teams to prepare for and analyze high volumes of data  at scale and in time to take action. The technology can move teams away from delayed  reactive methodologies to proactive and predictive strategies  as well as optimize physical and virtual interactions with clinical sites.Sastry Chilukuri  co-CEO of Medidata  said  “ The patient’s interest is at the core of what we do  which is why we have worked hard to pioneer products that make clinical trials more accessible and engaging. As the first company to leverage digital health technologies for DCTs  we are proud to have received the Citeline Awards for myMedidata and Medidata’s Digital Oversight Solution. We will continue to support the movement toward trial decentralization with ever-expanding offerings  which deliver high quality data and improve the patient experience.”Medidata is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes  which with its 3DEXPERIENCE platform is positioned to lead the digital transformation of life sciences in the age of personalized medicine with the first end-to-end scientific and business platform  from research to commercialization.About MedidataMedidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences  creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical  biotech  medical device and diagnostics companies  and academic researchers accelerate value  minimize risk  and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1 900+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development  commercial  and real-world data. Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @Medidata.About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com.3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Holistic Digital Oversight Solution', 'Comprehensive Patient Portal', 'Decentralized Clinical Trials', 'Clinical Monitoring Strategies', 'Citeline Awards', 'Medidata', 'The Citeline Best Patient-facing Technology Initiative', 'French “société européenne', 'robust clinical trial management system', 'Best Sponsor-Facing Technology Initiative', 'powerful, intuitive, patient-centric portal', 'key R&D activities', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'industry leading Rave EDC', 'Electronic Data Capture) system', 'one million registered users', 'Dassault Systèmes company', 'clinical trial data oversight', 'The Citeline Awards', 'single-destination web-based portal', 'comprehensive, integrated tool', 'virtual twin experiences', 'digital health technologies', 'Digital Oversight Solution', 'decentralized clinical trials', 'patient data collection', 'clinical trial activities', 'New York City', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'overall patient experience', 'high quality data', 'clinical research sites', 'other system', 'clinical sites', 'risk management', 'one platform', 'virtual interactions', 'first company', 'registered trademarks', 'real-world data', 'clinical development', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', 'digital transformation', 'core activities', 'high volumes', 'trial design', 'trial process', 'trial decentralization', 'outstanding accomplishments', 'life sciences', 'critical achievements', 'late-stage research', 'technological tools', 'growing role', 'online device', 'transformative impact', 'unique position', 'reactive methodologies', 'predictive strategies', 'Sastry Chilukuri', 'expanding offerings', 'personalized medicine', 'first end', 'end scientific', 'medical device', 'diagnostics companies', 'academic researchers', 'trusted platform', 'Euronext Paris', 'human progress', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business platform', 'centralized monitoring', 'study teams', 'sustainable innovations', '3DS logo', 'other countries', 'real world', '1,900+ customers', '140 countries', '300,000 customers', 'Medidata', 'patients', 'post-trial', 'timelines', 'cost', 'execution', 'DCTs', 'spectrum', 'successes', 'early', 'advances', 'ceremony', 'April', 'Boston', 'participation', 'product', 'aspects', 'market', 'CTMS', 'scale', 'proactive', 'physical', 'CEO', 'interest', 'movement', 'subsidiary', 'commercialization', 'hope', 'millions', 'evidence', 'insights', 'biotech', 'value', 'outcomes', 'More', 'partners', 'DSY', 'offices', 'needs', 'catalyst', 'people', 'applications', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2676,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/absolut-invites-coachella-fans-to-meet-in-the-metaverse-with-the-launch-of-absolutland-301522421.html,Absolut Invites Coachella Fans to Meet in the Metaverse with the Launch of Absolut.Land,The Official Vodka of Coachella Merges the IRL & Virtual World with a One-of-a-Kind Experience NEW YORK  April 11  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Marking its 10th year as the Official Vodka of Coachella  Absolut is extending the festival experience into the metaverse w…,"Whether in person or across the globe  mixing with others is only a click away with Absolut's new virtual destination  Absolut.Land  accessible to anyone (21+)  anywhere  anytime. This must-see celebration is a convergence of art  fashion  music and  of course  cocktails to bring friends together in-person and/or digitally over love of festival culture.""As a brand born to mix  Absolut is centered on bringing the world together through shared experiences and empowering social interaction that unlock a sense of belonging – no matter who you are and where in the world you may be "" said Pam Forbus  SVP  Chief Marketing Officer  Pernod Ricard North America. ""To reach our consumers everywhere  the metaverse was a natural progression and we're so excited to introduce Absolut.Land as a space of belonging for all!""Absolut.Land features innovative experiences inspired by Absolut's products  heritage and passion points  including:The Anti-Gravity Dance Floor ensures every entrance to Absolut.Land is grand. The gravity-defying mosh pit extends the length of the signature Absolut bottle facade  allowing fans to seamlessly flow from floor-to-floor. Avatars will embody the spirit of the festival grounds when they first walk into the Absolut.Land experience.ensures every entrance to Absolut.Land is grand. The gravity-defying mosh pit extends the length of the signature Absolut bottle facade  allowing fans to seamlessly flow from floor-to-floor. Avatars will embody the spirit of the festival grounds when they first walk into the Absolut.Land experience. The Absolut Bar is the heart of Absolut.Land and home to its resident bartender  this serves as the center of mixing the IRL with the metaverse. Fans near and far can find all they need to know at this central hub from the code-of-conduct and how-tos  to  of course  cocktails.is the heart of Absolut.Land and home to its resident bartender  this serves as the center of mixing the IRL with the metaverse. Fans near and far can find all they need to know at this central hub from the code-of-conduct and how-tos  to  of course  cocktails. The Citron Media Room inspired by Absolut's Citrus portfolio is colorfully designed to mix with others and get the download on the latest happenings from exclusive content in the Absolut Tent on the festival ground  to NFT wearables and highlights of the weekend.inspired by Absolut's Citrus portfolio is colorfully designed to mix with others and get the download on the latest happenings from exclusive content in the Absolut Tent on the festival ground  to NFT wearables and highlights of the weekend. The Garden is Absolut.Land's open air space where fans can discover collectibles that hero the ingredients for the hero cocktails and hidden portals to other experiences within the immersive space.is Absolut.Land's open air space where fans can discover collectibles that hero the ingredients for the hero cocktails and hidden portals to other experiences within the immersive space. The Museum Gallery   a nod to Absolut's history in rich visual arts  Absolut.Land's quiet sanctuary showcases Absolut iconic art through the decades. This is a moment for fans of Absolut's past to engage with Absolut's future.  a nod to Absolut's history in rich visual arts  Absolut.Land's quiet sanctuary showcases Absolut iconic art through the decades. This is a moment for fans of Absolut's past to engage with Absolut's future. The Selfie Room   featuring a colorful backdrop inspired by Absolut's iconic ""BORN TO MIX"" campaign  allows fans to capture their one-of-a-kind experience and share for a chance to win the ultimate Coachella NFT collectible.  featuring a colorful backdrop inspired by Absolut's iconic ""BORN TO MIX"" campaign  allows fans to capture their one-of-a-kind experience and share for a chance to win the ultimate Coachella NFT collectible. The PRIDE Tunnel   fans can access the all-out rave paying homage to Absolut's longtime involvement within and in support of the LGBTQ+ community.  fans can access the all-out rave paying homage to Absolut's longtime involvement within and in support of the LGBTQ+ community. The Rainbow Rave  an all-out dance party  grounded by a disco-inspired dance floor and powered by PRIDE  celebrates the community and features music from LGBTQ+ artists. Consumers can share their dance moves on social for a chance to be surprise and delighted with Pride theme exclusive Absolut.Land wearables!an all-out dance party  grounded by a disco-inspired dance floor and powered by PRIDE  celebrates the community and features music from LGBTQ+ artists. Consumers can share their dance moves on social for a chance to be surprise and delighted with Pride theme exclusive Absolut.Land wearables! The Outlook  the best view – where the possibilities are endless in Absolut.Land and so are the views. This is a moment for guests to see the size and scale of the Absolut.Land experience across the metaverse!Plus  the power of Human Connections to unlock surprise moments like Absolut bottle collectibles hidden throughout the space  product promos and unique metaverse experiences. Over shared virtual drinks  festival-goers will have the chance to unlock one-of-a-kind avatar wearables from the cult-favorite  whimsical handbag and jewelry brand – Susan Alexandra – with the newly launched Susan Alexandra for Absolut Collection. Avatars within the space will also be able to seek out and access secret portals that just might ""teleport"" fans to Coachella Valley for an IRL VIP experience during the festival's second weekend.*Absolut also pays homage to its one-source Swedish heritage  partnering with headliner Swedish House Mafia amid their highly anticipated return to the festival stage after ten years. Dropping on April 15  the supergroup's newest album  Paradise Again  will be played on a custom jukebox within Absolut.Land. The album set the inspiration for the Absolut x Swedish House Mafia Paradise (Again) Paloma  which music and cocktail lovers alike can find in the metaverse  onsite at the festival or at home with a specialty cocktail kit available for a limited-time only. Fans cannot only grab a virtual drink  but also purchase this cocktail to be delivered right to their door  powered by one of the Absolut.Land vending machines.""We wanted to mix with our fans in a way that's really innovative and different  and what's bigger than the metaverse "" said Swedish House Mafia – Axwell  Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso. ""When we hit the headline stage at the festival on Friday  you can also find us in Absolut.Land to listen and dance to our newly dropped Paradise Again album over the Swedish Paloma cocktail we created with Absolut.""On-the-ground festival goers can join the metaverse too by taking over the Absolut.Land bartender avatar at an interactive kiosk in the tent. IRL guests can mix virtual cocktails  chat up fellow avatars and surprise and delight by gifting NFT wearables all live. Absolut's physical tent has been designed in parallel to its online counterpart with a geometric layout  bold color schemes  art installations  and content streamed from Absolut.Land. To learn more  please visit AbsolutLand.com .*No purchase necessary to enter or win. Purchasing a product will not improve your chances of winning. Must be legal resident of the (50) U.S. or D.C.  age 21 or older as of date of entry. Registration begins at 12:00a ET on 4/15/2022 and ends at 11:59p ET on 4/29/2022. (Note: to be eligible for grand prize drawing  entries must be received by 11:59p on 4/17/2022.) To enter  and for complete official rules including eligibility  how to participate  and prize details  visit www.AbsolutLand.com and follow the instructions. Maximum one grand prize award: trip for two to Coachella IRL (ARV: $4 500). Odds of winning based upon total number of eligible entries received. No alcoholic beverage is part of any prize award. Void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. Sponsor: Pernod Ricard  250 Park Avenue  New York  NY 10177.ENJOY RESPONSIBLYABSOLUT®. PRODUCT OF SWEDEN. 40% ALC./VOL. ©2021. IMPORTED BY ABSOLUT SPIRITS CO.  NEW YORK  NY.ABOUT PERNOD RICARD USA®Pernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second-largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 19 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut® Vodka  Avión® Tequila  Chivas Regal® Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet® Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson® Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa® Liqueur  Malibu®  Martell® Cognac  Olmeca Altos® Tequila   Beefeater® Gin  Del Maguey® Single Village Mezcal  Monkey 47® Gin  Plymouth® Gin  Seagram's® Extra Dry Gin  Malfy® Gin  Hiram Walker® Liqueurs  Midleton® Irish Whiskey  Powers® Irish Whiskey  Redbreast® Irish Whiskey  Aberlour® Single Malt Scotch Whisky; Lillet®; Smithworks® Vodka  Jefferson's® Bourbon  Smooth Ambler® Whiskey  Rabbit Hole® Whiskey  Pernod® and Ricard®; such superior wines as Jacob's Creek®  Kenwood® Vineyards  Campo Viejo® and Brancott Estate®; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines as Perrier-Jouët® Champagne  G.H. Mumm™ Champagne and Mumm Napa® sparkling wines.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and has more than 700 employees across the country. As ""creators of conviviality "" we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees and the planet. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information on this  please visit: www.responsibility.org .CONTACTJoanna Hein[email protected]Kate Valauri[email protected]SOURCE Pernod Ricard USA",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Coachella Fans', 'Absolut.Land', 'Metaverse', 'Launch', 'iconic ""BORN TO MIX"" campaign', 'Pernod Ricard North America', 'ultimate Coachella NFT collectible', 'The Citron Media Room', 'signature Absolut bottle facade', 'The Anti-Gravity Dance Floor', 'The Selfie Room', 'new virtual destination', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'gravity-defying mosh pit', 'The Museum Gallery', 'rich visual arts', 'The PRIDE Tunnel', 'open air space', 'The Absolut Bar', 'disco-inspired dance floor', 'Pride theme exclusive', 'empowering social interaction', 'The Rainbow Rave', 'Absolut iconic art', 'Absolut bottle collectibles', 'Absolut.Land experience', 'NFT wearables', 'The Garden', 'The Outlook', 'kind experience', 'dance party', 'dance moves', 'exclusive content', 'Land wearables', 'festival culture', 'Pam Forbus', 'natural progression', 'passion points', 'festival grounds', 'resident bartender', 'central hub', 'Citrus portfolio', 'latest happenings', 'immersive space', 'quiet sanctuary', 'colorful backdrop', 'longtime involvement', 'LGBTQ+ artists', 'best view', 'Human Connections', 'surprise moments', 'Absolut Tent', 'innovative experiences', 'other experiences', 'LGBTQ+ community', 'hero cocktails', 'person', 'globe', 'others', 'celebration', 'convergence', 'fashion', 'music', 'course', 'friends', 'love', 'brand', 'world', 'sense', 'belonging', 'SVP', 'consumers', 'metaverse', 'products', 'heritage', 'entrance', 'length', 'fans', 'Avatars', 'spirit', 'heart', 'center', 'IRL', 'code', 'conduct', 'download', 'highlights', 'weekend', 'ingredients', 'portals', 'history', 'decades', 'past', 'future', 'chance', 'homage', 'support', 'possibilities', 'views', 'guests', 'size', 'scale', 'promos', 'uniqu']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2677,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://allafrica.com/stories/202204110198.html,Morocco: Thales Launches Its Sixth Cyber Security Operations Center in Morocco to Serve the African Continent,[New Dawn] Thales strengthens its status as a cybersecurity leader with the creation of a new Security Operations Center on the African continent  based in Morocco.,"Thales strengthens its status as a cybersecurity leader with the creation of a new Security Operations Center on the African continent  based in Morocco.This operations center provides Moroccan and African administrations and businesses with effective supervision resources in the field of cybersecurity.Increasingly targeted by cyber-attacks  the continent's businesses witnessed a rise in risk exposure during the pandemic with a broader field of attack.PARIS  France  7 April 2022 -/African Media Agency (AMA)/-Thales is opening a new Cyber Security Operations Center (SOC) in Morocco  the sixth in its international network. This center will provide real-time protection against cyber-attacks in the country and across the African continent as a whole.The digital transformation of African societies  as illustrated by the extensive use of mobile payments across the continent  and the rise in teleworking due to the health crisis  have had a major impact on Africa's vulnerability to cyber-attacks. While businesses  administrations and individuals are becoming increasingly connected  this trend must be accompanied by an increase in the level of protection in order to tackle the multiplication and sophistication of attacks. Outside the financial sector  all sectors are affected  including the most important ones  such as government services but also water distribution  energy and telecommunications.Furthermore  a new legal framework is driving African businesses to equip themselves with a means of supervision in the field of cybersecurity. Thales  which is already present in Morocco  is thus strengthening its cyber expertise on the continent.The SOCs combine 24/7 threat detection and analysis capabilities and deliver responses in compliance with the country's cybersecurity infrastructure and policies. There are six SOCs located in Canada  France  Hong Kong  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and now Morocco  and they currently form an international network operating according to the ""follow the sun"" model which offers continuous support to more than a hundred clients around the world  with an unequaled level of responsiveness and flexibility.""Thales is proud to be able to strengthen its expertise and know-how in the field of cybersecurity in Morocco. The launch of this SOC demonstrates the Group's aspirations to support the development of security facilities in Africa  while closely matching its customers' needs. As well as our analysis capacities  we offer businesses access to a hybrid consultancy and monitoring solution for their activity  thus demonstrating our commitment to fostering skills and autonomy over the long term""  Hicham Alj  Managing Director of Thales Morocco.Thales offers its customers more than 20 years' expertise in the field of cybersecurity  in particular SOC solutions  combined with an extensive portfolio of solutions: cyber auditing and consulting  integration of cybersecurity solutions developed by Thales as well as solutions from leading publishers  and simulation of Penetration Testing and Red Teaming attacks.In Africa  the Group supports its customers in ensuring compliance with regulations and technical processes  assessing cyber risks and their level of maturity  investigating and anticipating cyber crises and neutralizing complex attacks.Distributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of Thales.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and ""deep tech"" innovations - connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies - to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers - businesses  organizations and governments - in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions which help them fulfill their critical role  with the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Close Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox Top Headlines Morocco ICT By submitting above  you agree to our privacy policy. Success! Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address. To complete the process  please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you. Error! Error! There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group posted a turnover of EUR 16.2 billion.VISITThales GroupCybersecurity Operational Center | Thales GroupThe original source-language text of this announcement is the official  authoritative version. Translations are provided as an accommodation only  and should be cross-referenced with the source-language text  which is the only version of the text intended to have legal effect.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.26,0.12,0.62,True,English,"['Sixth Cyber Security Operations Center', 'African Continent', 'Morocco', 'Thales', 'inbox Top Headlines Morocco ICT', 'new Cyber Security Operations Center', 'VISITThales GroupCybersecurity Operational Center', 'new Security Operations Center', 'new legal framework', '24/7 threat detection', 'a hundred clients', 'deep tech"" innovations', 'free AllAfrica Newsletters', 'African Media Agency', 'effective supervision resources', 'Red Teaming attacks', 'official, authoritative version', 'original source-language text', 'security facilities', 'security domains', 'cyber auditing', 'cyber risks', 'cyber crises', 'legal effect', 'cyber expertise', 'African news', 'risk exposure', 'international network', 'extensive use', 'mobile payments', 'health crisis', 'major impact', 'financial sector', 'government services', 'water distribution', 'The SOCs', 'analysis capabilities', 'six SOCs', 'Hong Kong', 'United Kingdom', 'sun"" model', 'continuous support', 'analysis capacities', 'hybrid consultancy', 'monitoring solution', 'long term', 'Hicham Alj', 'Managing Director', 'extensive portfolio', 'leading publishers', 'Penetration Testing', 'technical processes', 'complex attacks', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'privacy policy', 'digital transformation', ""20 years' expertise"", 'digital identity', 'African administrations', 'African societies', 'African continent', 'real-time protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'email address', 'The Group', 'cybersecurity leader', 'cybersecurity infrastructure', 'unequaled level', 'African businesses', ""customers' needs"", 'broader field', 'Thales Morocco', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'SOC solutions', 'status', 'creation', 'Moroccan', 'cyber-attacks', 'pandemic', 'France', 'AMA', 'country', 'teleworking', 'vulnerability', 'individuals', 'trend', 'increase', 'order', 'multiplication', 'sophistication', 'sectors', 'important', 'energy', 'telecommunications', 'means', 'responses', 'compliance', 'policies', 'Canada', 'Netherlands', 'world', 'responsiveness', 'flexibility', 'know-how', 'launch', 'aspirations', 'development', 'access', 'activity', 'commitment', 'skills', 'autonomy', 'consulting', 'integration', 'simulation', 'regulations', 'maturity', 'behalf', 'connectivity', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'decisions', 'Success', 'instructions', 'Error', 'problem', 'submission', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'turnover', 'announcement', 'Translations', 'accommodation']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,allafrica.com
2697,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-eezy-plc-annual-general-075500214.html,Decisions by the Eezy Plc’s Annual General Meeting on 12 April 2022,EEZY PLC -- STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE -- 12 APRIL 2022 AT 10.55 Decisions by the Eezy Plc’s Annual General Meeting on 12 April 2022 Eezy Plc’s annual general...,Eezy OyjEEZY PLC -- STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE -- 12 APRIL 2022 AT 10.55Decisions by the Eezy Plc’s Annual General Meeting on 12 April 2022Eezy Plc’s annual general meeting (AGM) was held on 12 April 2022 starting at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd at Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki. The meeting was organised pursuant to the so-called temporary act so that the company’s shareholders and their proxy representatives participated in the meeting and exercised shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by presenting counterproposals and questions in advance.The AGM approved all proposals included in the notice to the AGM.The financial statements and the consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2021 were adopted. The members of the board of directors and the CEO were discharged from liability for financial year 2021. The remuneration report for governing bodies was approved.DividendThe AGM decided that for the year 2021  a dividend of EUR 0.15 per share be paid in two tranches.The first tranche of the dividend  EUR 0.10 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date of the first tranche  14 April 2022. The dividends of this tranche will be paid on 26 April 2022.The second tranche of the dividend  EUR 0.05 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date of the first tranche  20 October 2022. The dividends of this tranche will be paid on 27 October 2022.Board of directors: members and remunerationEight members were elected to the board of directors for a term ending at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.Tapio Pajuharju  Kati Hagros  Liisa Harjula  Timo Mänty  Paul-Petteri Savolainen  Jarno Suominen and Mika Uotila were re-elected as the members of the board of directors. Mikko Wirén was elected as a new member.Story continuesThe members of the board of directors will be paid monthly remuneration as follows:EUR 4 000 per month for the chairperson of the board andEUR 2 000 each per month for all other members of the board.In addition  members of the board of directors’ committees will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 for each committee meeting.The reasonable traveling expenses of the members of the board of directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travelling policy and practices.AuditorThe AGM re-elected the company’s current auditor  KPMG Oy Ab  which has stated that Esa Kailiala  APA  will act as the responsible auditor. The term of the auditor will end at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.The auditor’s fees be paid against its reasonable invoice as approved by the company.Authorisations for the board of directorsThe general meeting authorised the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares using the company’s unrestricted equity under the following terms and conditions:The total maximum number of shares to be repurchased under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all the shares in the company. The shares will be repurchased in trading organised at Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders. The shares will be repurchased using the company’s distributable unrestricted equity. This authorisation revokes prior authorisations granted to the board of directors to repurchase the company’s own shares. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2023  however  for a maximum of 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on authorisation.The general meeting authorised the board of directors to decide  in one or more tranches  on the issuances of shares as well as on the issuances of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all the shares in the company. The board of directors decides on all the terms and conditions regarding the issuances of shares and the issuances of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares. The share issues  issuances of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares can take place in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as the financing or the implementation of a merger or acquisition  the development of the company’s capital structure or the implementation of the company’s incentive schemes. The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of implementing the company’s incentive schemes is 250 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 1% of all the shares in the company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above number of shares to be issued for the implementation of incentive schemes is included in the overall number of the issuance authorisation referred to in section 1 above. Based on the authorisation  the board of directors is also authorised to decide on a share issue without payment directed to the company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the company. This amount includes shares that may be held by the company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The authorisation revokes prior share issue authorisations granted to the board of directors. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2023  however  for a maximum of 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on share issue authorisation.Further information:Hannu NymanCFOhannu.nyman@eezy.fitel. +358 (0)50 306 9913,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,mixed,0.2,0.31,0.49,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Eezy Plc', 'Decisions', '12 April', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right', 'next annual general meeting', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Timo Mänty', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Mikko Wirén', 'reasonable traveling expenses', 'weighty financial reason', 'total maximum number', 'other special rights', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'distributable unrestricted equity', 'consolidated financial statements', 'dividend record date', 'temporary act', 'Castrén', 'reasonable invoice', 'shareholder rights', 'option rights', 'meeting fee', 'committee meeting', 'financial year', 'Eezy Oyj', 'EEZY PLC', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'proxy representatives', 'governing bodies', 'shareholder register', 'Tapio Pajuharju', 'Kati Hagros', 'Liisa Harjula', 'Paul-Petteri Savolainen', 'Jarno Suominen', 'Mika Uotila', 'new member', 'other members', 'travelling policy', 'Esa Kailiala', 'existing shareholdings', 'directed issue', 'capital structure', 'remuneration report', 'first tranche', 'second tranche', 'monthly remuneration', 'The AGM', 'two tranches', 'following terms', 'public trading', 'prior authorisations', 'current auditor', 'responsible auditor', 'Eight members', 'share issues', 'directors’ committees', 'new shares', '2,500,000 shares', '12 APRIL', 'Decisions', '10:00 a', 'offices', 'company', 'advance', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'notice', 'board', 'CEO', 'dividends', '26 April', '27 October', 'election', 'Story', 'chairperson', 'addition', 'accordance', 'practices', 'APA', 'fees', 'repurchase', 'conditions', 'market', 'price', 'proportion', '18 months', 'resolution', 'one', 'issuances', 'chapter', 'section', 'transfer', 'place', 'deviation', 'financing', 'implementation', 'merger', 'acquisition', 'development']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2698,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/bonds/how-indias-much-hyped-global-bond-index-inclusion-unraveled/articleshow/90768809.cms,How India’s much-hyped global bond index inclusion unraveled,For now  global bond index inclusion appears all but impossible in the short term.,For months  India prepared for a remarkable milestone: getting its bonds listed on global indexes. Inclusion was perceived as a crucial step change for the $1 trillion market. Banks penciled in inflows of as much as $40 billion for a country that has long lagged behind peers in tapping international wealth.The timeline seemed so final that Citigroup Inc. advised its clients to buy Indian debt in anticipation that key tax exemptions would be announced to facilitate the change. Policy makers and analysts predicted inclusion as early as April 1  the start of the new financial year.So it came as a shock when Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman didn’t make any mention of it in her February budget speech. The sudden silence puzzled traders. Within a day  Citi reversed its buy-call. Local debt markets saw the sharpest sell-off in almost two years. It was as if a plan had never existed.In interviews  Indian officials who were part of discussions described how politics and contentious tax negotiations intertwined to stall progress. Bankers worried about volatile inflows. Powerful Hindu nationalist groups raised eleventh hour concerns that exempting foreigners from taxes would lead to discrimination against domestic investors  according to the people  who asked not to be identified citing privacy rules.Now  many believe inclusion isn’t likely for at least a year. Officials say a path forward isn’t possible until Group of 20 nations reach a consensus on a country’s right to tax capital gains  another pressure point for India.“From India’s perspective  we are losing an opportunity to tap a pool of liquidity and an investor base ” said Nagaraj Kulkarni  Senior Asia Rates Strategist at Standard Chartered Plc in Singapore. “From a foreign investors’ perspective  India is one of the largest EM bond markets that is yet to be included in major bond indexes.”With inclusion shelved  “investors lose out on a relatively high-yielding market that also offers risk diversification benefits ” he said.The challenges facing India are partly structural.Global investors want India to get its bonds on international clearing platforms  which help settle securities transactions. For that to happen  Euroclear  one of the major ones  has pushed India to exempt the transactions from taxes to avoid compliance issues. Other countries using the platform follow that policy.In India  progress seemed steady. In September  a senior official from the finance ministry said most of the work had been done. Tax authorities appeared ready to exempt these transactions  according to a person familiar with the matter. Morgan Stanley predicted inclusion to some indexes as early as the second quarter of 2022. FTSE Russell put India on its watchlist.Sitharaman was supposed to reveal the change in the Feb. 1 budget talk. Euroclear expected the tweak right up until the speech  according to a finance ministry official.When she said nothing  Euroclear was caught off-guard  the official said. So was the market: Citi quickly reversed its buy-call on India long bonds. Traders called the ministry searching for answers.Euroclear didn’t reply to multiple requests for comment. A spokesperson for India’s finance ministry didn’t respond to an email seeking clarification.In hindsight  officials said India’s reversal connects to an October announcement from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  the Paris-based group that develops international fiscal policy.To address tax avoidance issues  the OECD helped broker an agreement with 136 countries to implement a global minimum rate. India  which is a member of the group  took the position that countries had the right to tax capital gains based on the location of underlying assets.That created an optics problem. In discussions about index inclusion  the finance ministry had carved out a path to exempt international bond transactions from taxes. Now  Indian authorities had put forward a different perspective at public OECD forums. Around the beginning of 2022  the tax department  worried about this contradiction  made a decision not to follow through with the exemption  people familiar with the matter said.Meanwhile  in January  Hindu nationalist groups linked to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s party met with senior government officials. They argued that it was unfair for foreigners to receive tax waivers when local investors did not get similar benefits.These groups have enjoyed increasing clout since Modi rose to power in 2014  partly because they can influence local businesses -- his party’s traditional vote bank. Every year  they hold informal discussions with the government ahead of the budget  one person said. In 2019  when the groups opposed a plan to issue a dollar-denominated sovereign bond  the proposal was scrapped. Their opposition contributed to the transfer of a top bureaucrat who supported it.“There is no reason why we should give advantages to foreign investors ” Ashwani Mahajan  one of the leaders of Swadeshi Jagran Manch  a Hindu nationalist group  told Bloomberg a few days before the February budget speech.For now  index inclusion appears all but impossible in the short term.In a recent interview with Bloomberg  Ajay Seth  the secretary of India’s economic affairs ministry  said index providers made last minute requests. Other officials said Euroclear kept moving its goal post  including tax changes beyond the capital gains issue.The inclusion delay has already impacted India’s bond market . In recent months  yields rose amid a surge in global crude prices. Key banks are adjusting interest rates to keep pace with inflation. That’s a concern for the government as it plans to borrow a record amount from the markets to bridge a wide fiscal gap.“With a large supply looming  yields on government securities are likely to harden once next fiscal’s borrowing commences in April ” said Aditi Nayar  chief economist at ICRA Ltd.  the local unit of Moody’s Investors Service. “If there are concrete steps toward bond index inclusion during the year  it could help to cap yields.”,neutral,0.07,0.72,0.21,negative,0.02,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['global bond index inclusion', 'India', 'Senior Asia Rates Strategist', 'largest EM bond markets', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman', 'Powerful Hindu nationalist groups', 'dollar-denominated sovereign bond', 'eleventh hour concerns', 'Standard Chartered Plc', 'traditional vote bank', 'Swadeshi Jagran Manch', 'international clearing platforms', 'key tax exemptions', 'new financial year', 'contentious tax negotiations', 'risk diversification benefits', 'Feb. 1 budget talk', 'Local debt markets', 'global minimum rate', 'tax avoidance issues', 'public OECD forums', 'February budget speech', 'international fiscal policy', 'international bond transactions', 'crucial step change', 'major bond indexes', 'senior government officials', 'finance ministry official', 'foreign investors’ perspective', 'India long bonds', 'senior official', 'international wealth', 'Indian debt', 'a year', 'compliance issues', 'Tax authorities', 'tax department', 'tax waivers', 'similar benefits', 'global indexes', 'Global investors', 'local investors', 'local businesses', 'remarkable milestone', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'Policy makers', 'sudden silence', 'sharpest sell-off', 'two years', 'domestic investors', 'privacy rules', 'capital gains', 'pressure point', 'investor base', 'Nagaraj Kulkarni', 'Morgan Stanley', 'second quarter', 'FTSE Russell', 'multiple requests', 'October announcement', 'Economic Co-operation', 'underlying assets', 'optics problem', 'Indian authorities', 'different perspective', 'increasing clout', 'top bureaucrat', 'Ashwani Mahajan', 'Indian officials', 'securities transactions', 'Paris-based group', '$1 trillion market', 'high-yielding market', 'volatile inflows', 'one person', 'Other countries', 'informal discussions', 'index inclusion', '136 countries', 'months', 'Banks', 'country', 'peers', 'timeline', 'clients', 'anticipation', 'analysts', 'April', 'start', 'shock', 'mention', 'traders', 'day', 'buy-call', 'plan', 'interviews', 'politics', 'progress', 'Bankers', 'foreigners', 'taxes', 'discrimination', 'people', 'path', '20 nations', 'consensus', 'right', 'opportunity', 'pool', 'liquidity', 'Singapore', 'challenges', 'Euroclear', 'September', 'work', 'matter', 'watchlist', 'tweak', 'guard', 'answers', 'comment', 'spokesperson', 'email', 'clarification', 'hindsight', 'reversal', 'Organisation', 'Development', 'agreement', 'member', 'position', 'location', 'beginning', 'contradiction', 'decision', 'January', 'party', 'proposal', 'transfer', 'reason', 'advantages', 'leaders', 'Bloomberg']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,economictimes.indiatimes.com
2699,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.ndtv.com/business/how-governments-global-bond-index-inclusion-unraveled-report-2876993,How Government's Global Bond Index Inclusion Unraveled: Report,For months  India prepared for a remarkable milestone: getting its bonds listed on global indexes. Inclusion was perceived as a crucial step change for the $1 trillion market.,Many believe global bond index inclusion isnt likely for at least a year.For months  India prepared for a remarkable milestone: getting its bonds listed on global indexes. Inclusion was perceived as a crucial step change for the $1 trillion market. Banks penciled in inflows of as much as $40 billion for a country that has long lagged behind peers in tapping international wealth.The timeline seemed so final that Citigroup Inc. advised its clients to buy Indian debt in anticipation that key tax exemptions would be announced to facilitate the change. Policy makers and analysts predicted inclusion as early as April 1  the start of the new financial year.So it came as a shock when Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman didn't make any mention of it in her February budget speech. The sudden silence puzzled traders. Within a day  Citi reversed its buy-call. Local debt markets saw the sharpest sell-off in almost two years. It was as if a plan had never existed.In interviews  Indian officials who were part of discussions described how politics and contentious tax negotiations intertwined to stall progress. Bankers worried about volatile inflows. Powerful Hindu nationalist groups raised eleventh hour concerns that exempting foreigners from taxes would lead to discrimination against domestic investors  according to the people  who asked not to be identified citing privacy rules.Now  many believe inclusion isn't likely for at least a year. Officials say a path forward isn't possible until Group of 20 nations reach a consensus on a country's right to tax capital gains  another pressure point for India.“From India's perspective  we are losing an opportunity to tap a pool of liquidity and an investor base ” said Nagaraj Kulkarni  Senior Asia Rates Strategist at Standard Chartered Plc in Singapore. “From a foreign investors' perspective  India is one of the largest EM bond markets that is yet to be included in major bond indexes.”With inclusion shelved  “investors lose out on a relatively high-yielding market that also offers risk diversification benefits ” he said.An About-FaceThe challenges facing India are partly structural.Global investors want India to get its bonds on international clearing platforms  which help settle securities transactions. For that to happen  Euroclear  one of the major ones  has pushed India to exempt the transactions from taxes to avoid compliance issues. Other countries using the platform follow that policy.In India  progress seemed steady. In September  a senior official from the finance ministry said most of the work had been done. Tax authorities appeared ready to exempt these transactions  according to a person familiar with the matter. Morgan Stanley predicted inclusion to some indexes as early as the second quarter of 2022. FTSE Russell put India on its watchlist.Sitharaman was supposed to reveal the change in the February 1 budget talk. Euroclear expected the tweak right up until the speech  according to a finance ministry official.When she said nothing  Euroclear was caught off-guard  the official said. So was the market: Citi quickly reversed its buy-call on India long bonds. Traders called the ministry searching for answers.Euroclear didn't reply to multiple requests for comment. A spokesperson for India's finance ministry didn't respond to an email seeking clarification.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with indexes from other providers.What Went WrongIn hindsight  officials said India's reversal connects to an October announcement from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  the Paris-based group that develops international fiscal policy.To address tax avoidance issues  the OECD helped broker an agreement with 136 countries to implement a global minimum rate. India  which is a member of the group  took the position that countries had the right to tax capital gains based on the location of underlying assets.That created an optics problem. In discussions about index inclusion  the finance ministry had carved out a path to exempt international bond transactions from taxes. Now  Indian authorities had put forward a different perspective at public OECD forums. Around the beginning of 2022  the tax department  worried about this contradiction  made a decision not to follow through with the exemption  people familiar with the matter said.Meanwhile  in January  Hindu nationalist groups linked to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party met with senior government officials. They argued that it was unfair for foreigners to receive tax waivers when local investors did not get similar benefits.These groups have enjoyed increasing clout since Modi rose to power in 2014  partly because they can influence local businesses -- his party's traditional vote bank. Every year  they hold informal discussions with the government ahead of the budget  one person said. In 2019  when the groups opposed a plan to issue a dollar-denominated sovereign bond  the proposal was scrapped. Their opposition contributed to the transfer of a top bureaucrat who supported it.“There is no reason why we should give advantages to foreign investors ” Ashwani Mahajan  one of the leaders of Swadeshi Jagran Manch  a Hindu nationalist group  told Bloomberg a few days before the February budget speech.Looking AheadFor now  index inclusion appears all but impossible in the short term.In a recent interview with Bloomberg  Ajay Seth  the secretary of India's economic affairs ministry  said index providers made last minute requests. Other officials said Euroclear kept moving its goal post  including tax changes beyond the capital gains issue.The inclusion delay has already impacted India's bond market. In recent months  yields rose amid a surge in global crude prices. Key banks are adjusting interest rates to keep pace with inflation. That's a concern for the government as it plans to borrow a record amount from the markets to bridge a wide fiscal gap.“With a large supply looming  yields on government securities are likely to harden once next fiscal's borrowing commences in April ” said Aditi Nayar  chief economist at ICRA Ltd.  the local unit of Moody's Investors Service. “If there are concrete steps toward bond index inclusion during the year  it could help to cap yields.”,neutral,0.06,0.79,0.14,negative,0.01,0.14,0.84,True,English,"['Global Bond Index Inclusion', 'Government', 'Report', 'Senior Asia Rates Strategist', 'largest EM bond markets', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'Bloomberg Index Services Limited', 'Powerful Hindu nationalist groups', 'Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman', 'global bond index inclusion', 'dollar-denominated sovereign bond', 'eleventh hour concerns', 'Standard Chartered Plc', 'traditional vote bank', 'international clearing platforms', 'global minimum rate', 'key tax exemptions', 'contentious tax negotiations', 'risk diversification benefits', 'new financial year', 'Local debt markets', 'February 1 budget talk', 'tax avoidance issues', 'public OECD forums', 'international bond transactions', 'international fiscal policy', 'crucial step change', 'February budget speech', ""foreign investors' perspective"", 'major bond indexes', 'senior government officials', 'finance ministry official', 'India long bonds', 'senior official', 'Bloomberg LP', 'international wealth', 'Global investors', 'Indian debt', 'compliance issues', 'Tax authorities', 'tax department', 'tax waivers', 'similar benefits', 'global indexes', 'a year', 'local investors', 'local businesses', 'remarkable milestone', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'Policy makers', 'sudden silence', 'sharpest sell-off', 'two years', 'domestic investors', 'privacy rules', 'capital gains', 'pressure point', 'investor base', 'Nagaraj Kulkarni', 'Morgan Stanley', 'second quarter', 'FTSE Russell', 'multiple requests', 'parent company', 'other providers', 'October announcement', 'Economic Co-operation', 'underlying assets', 'optics problem', 'Indian authorities', 'different perspective', 'increasing clout', 'Indian officials', 'securities transactions', '$1 trillion market', 'high-yielding market', 'volatile inflows', 'one person', 'Other countries', 'Paris-based group', 'informal discussions', '136 countries', 'months', 'Banks', 'country', 'peers', 'timeline', 'clients', 'anticipation', 'analysts', 'April', 'start', 'shock', 'mention', 'traders', 'day', 'buy-call', 'plan', 'interviews', 'politics', 'progress', 'Bankers', 'foreigners', 'taxes', 'discrimination', 'people', 'path', '20 nations', 'consensus', 'right', 'opportunity', 'pool', 'liquidity', 'Singapore', 'Face', 'challenges', 'Euroclear', 'September', 'work', 'matter', 'watchlist', 'tweak', 'guard', 'answers', 'comment', 'spokesperson', 'email', 'clarification', 'BISL', 'hindsight', 'reversal', 'Organisation', 'Development', 'agreement', 'member', 'position', 'location', 'beginning', 'contradiction', 'decision', 'January', 'party', 'proposal']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,ndtv.com
2700,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-newcell-063500488.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Re:NewCell AB,STOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESSWIRE / April 12  2022 / Re:NewCell AB (publ) (FRA:6QP)(STO:RENEW)The shareholders of Re:NewCell AB  Reg. 556885-6206  with registered...,"STOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESSWIRE / April 12  2022 / Re:NewCell AB (publ) (FRA:6QP)(STO:RENEW)The shareholders of Re:NewCell AB  Reg. No. 556885-6206  with registered office in Stockholm  Sweden (""Re:NewCell"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  17 May 2022.The Board of Directors of the Company has decided that the Annual General Meeting is to be held only through postal voting pursuant to temporary legislation. This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders or representatives. Shareholders will only be able to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting and submitting questions in advance in the manner described below.Information on the resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting will be disclosed on Tuesday  17 May 2022  when the outcome of the postal voting has been confirmed.A statement in which Managing Director Patrik Lundström comments on the Company's operations will be published on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  on 17 May 2022.Right to attendShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe registered as of 9 May 2022 in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  and give notice of participation no later than 16 May 2022 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal vote is received by the Company no later than that day.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are nominee-registered must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date on 9 May 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second banking day after 9 May 2022 are taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesPostal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by postal voting in advance in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.Shareholders who wish to postal vote must use the postal voting form  which is available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  and from the Company at Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden. The postal voting form is considered as notice to participate at the Annual General Meeting.The completed and signed form must be received by the Company no later than Monday  16 May 2022. The completed and signed form must be sent by mail to Re:NewCell AB  Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden  marked ""AGM""  or by e-mail to investors@renewcell.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e.  the entire postal vote) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.Shareholders who wish to submit its postal vote by proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for their representative. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent for the legal person must be attached. Proxy form is available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  and must be attached to the postal voting form.Proposed agendaElection of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  and of the consolidated accounts and consolidated auditor's report. Resolution on: adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  appropriation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet  discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors. Determination of fees to the members of the Board of Directors. Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to the auditor. Election of auditor. Resolution on adoption of changes in the Articles of Association. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. Resolution on principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee.Proposed resolutionsItem 1 - Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Dain Hård Nevonen from Advokatfirman Vinge  or in the event of his absence  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee instead  be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 - Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved under item 2 on the agenda is the voting list prepared by the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting on behalf of the Company  based on the general meeting share register and received postal votes  as verified and confirmed by the persons elected to attest the minutes.Item 4 - Election of one or two persons to attest the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Malcolm Norlin and Boris Gyllhamn  or in the event of absence of any or both  the person of persons designated by the Board of Directors instead  be elected to attest the minutes. The tasks of the persons elected to attest the minutes also include verifying the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 7 b - Appropriation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is paid and that available profits are carried forward.Item 8 - Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six.Item 9 - Determination of fees to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the fees to the Board of Directors shall be the following (fees for 2021 in brackets):SEK 300 000 (220 000) to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 150 000 (120 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting. However  no fee shall be paid to Board members who are employed in the Company or dependent in relation to major shareholders  andSEK 125 000 (125 000) to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  and SEK 20 000 (20 000) to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 15 000 (15 000) to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee.Item 10 - Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Mia Hemmingson  Om Bhatia  Anna Attemark  Helene Willberg and Henrik Ager as well as election of Michael Berg. All members are elected for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. It is noted that Mia Hemmingson has declined re-election as Chairman of the Board. The Nomination Committee proposes that Michael Berg is elected Chairman of the Board.Michael Berg  who is proposed as a new Board member and Chairman of the Board  was born in 1964 and holds a degree in Business Administration from the Stockholm School of Economics. Michael Berg is currently Chairman of Lowenco A/S  Babybjörn AB and Proxify AB and has previously held several international leadership roles within Tetra Pak  been CEO of Envirotainer and Polygon AB and Chairman of companies such as the construction waste recycling company Sortera AB. With many years of international experience in both operations and board positions in listed and unlisted companies and expertise in rapid international scale-up  Michael Berg will bring knowledge from many industries and companies that have grown rapidly and successfully under his leadership.Item 11 - Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that one registered accounting firm be appointed as auditor  without deputy auditors.Item 12 - Determination of fees to the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13 - Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  re-election of the registered accounting firm Mazars AB as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Mazars AB has informed that the Authorized Public Accountant Michael Olsson will be appointed auditor in charge  should Mazars AB be elected as auditor.Item 14 - Resolution on adoption of changes in the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes a new 11 § and 12 § of the Articles of Association  and  as a result thereof  the numbering of the subsequent articles is adjusted. The proposal to adopt a new 11 § is proposed to enable the Board of Directors to collect powers of attorneys in accordance with the procedure described in Chapter 7  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act and to authorize the Board of Directors to decide that the shareholders shall be entitled to exercise their voting rights by post prior to a general meeting. A new 12 § is also proposed allowing the Board of Directors to resolve that persons who are not shareholders may participate at the general meeting.11 § Collection of powers of attorneys and postal votingThe board of directors may collect powers of attorney in accordance with the procedure described in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph 2 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).The board of directors has the right before a shareholders' meeting to decide that shareholders shall be able to exercise their right to vote by post before the shareholders' meeting.12 § The right for persons not being shareholders to attend a shareholders' meetingThe board of directors may resolve that persons not being shareholders of the company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the board of directors  to attend or in any other manner follow the discussions at a shareholders' meeting.Item 15 - Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instrumentsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions until the next Annual General Meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. The total number of shares that may be issued under the authorization (including any new shares following exercise or conversion of warrants or convertible instruments issued under the authorization) may correspond to an increase of the share capital by no more than ten percent at the time the authorization is used for the first time. Resolutions by support of the authorization may include provisions on non-cash  set-off or cash payment.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that issues should be able to take place in order to increase the Company's financial flexibility and the Board of Director's room for maneuver. To the extent than an issue by support of the authorization takes place with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue shall take place on market terms.The Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the authorization that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 16 - Resolution on principles for appointment of a Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 as set out below.The Nomination Committee shall comprise the Chairman of the Board together with one member appointed by each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the Company as of the expiry of the third quarter of the financial year. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the Company. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the Nomination Committee. The member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee  unless the Nomination Committee unanimously appoints someone else.Should a shareholder having appointed a member to the Nomination Committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the Annual General Meeting at the latest  the member appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one member to the Nomination Committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the Nomination Committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three-month period prior to the Annual General Meeting. Should a member resign from the Nomination Committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall have the right to discharge such member and appoint a new member.Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced immediately. The term of the office for the Nomination Committee ends when the next Nomination Committee has been appointed. The Nomination Committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.Other informationNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee consists of Per Olofsson (appointed by Girincubator AB)  Nanna Andersen (appointed by H&M Fashion AB)  Suzanne Sandler (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder) as well as Mia Hemmingson (Chairman of the Board).Majority requirementsTo be valid  resolutions pursuant to the proposals under items 14 and 15 on the proposed agenda must be supported by shareholders representing no less than two-thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issuance of this notice  the total number of shares in Re:NewCell  as well as the total number of voting rights  amounts to 30 857 276. The Company holds no treasury shares.Information at the Annual General MeetingIn accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act the Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information at the meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or subsidiary's financial position and the Company's relationship to other group companies.Due to the fact that the Annual General Meeting will be held without a physical meeting  requests for information must be submitted in writing by mail to the address Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to investors@renewcell.com  no later than 7 May 2022. Such information is provided by being kept available from the Company at the address Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  no later than 12 May 2022. The information is also sent within the same time to shareholders who so request and provide their postal or e-mail address.Available documentsThe Nomination Committee's and the Board of Director's complete proposals are presented in this notice  which is available from the Company and on its website as detailed below.Accounting documents and the accompanying auditor's report will be kept available from the Company for at least three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The documents will also be available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com.Copies of the above documents are also sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.Information on all proposed members of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee's reasoned opinion regarding proposals for the Board of Directors is available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data are processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.____________Re:NewCell ABStockholm in April 2022The Board of DirectorsContactsPatrik LundströmCEOpatrik.lundstrom@renewcell.com+46 76 183 47 17Hugo PetitCFOhugo.petit@renewcell.com+46 70 7787196About RenewcellFounded by innovators from Stockholm's KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2012  Re:NewCell AB (publ) (‘Renewcell') is a multi-award-winning sustaintech company based in Sweden. The company's vision is to inspire an Industrial Evolution to a sustainable world by producing high quality materials from recycled textiles.Through its patented process  Renewcell is able to upcycle cellulosic textile waste  such as cotton clothes  transforming it into a pristine new material called Circulose®. Fast Company named Renewcell one of the World's Most Innovative Companies 2021. Circulose® was also included on TIME Magazine's list of the 100 Best Inventions 2020.Renewcell is a publicly listed company with shares traded on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market with the ticker name RENEW and ISIN code SE0014960431. FNCA Sweden AB is Renewcell's Certified Adviser  +46(0)8-528 00 399  info@fnca.se.AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting in Re:NewCell ABSOURCE: Re:NewCell AB (publ)View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/697043/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-ReNewCell-AB",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.21,0.26,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Re:NewCell AB', 'Notice', 'Managing Director Patrik Lundström', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Re:NewCell AB', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorization document', 'entire postal vote', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'postal voting form', 'general meetings', 'consolidated accounts', 'other associations', 'voting list', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'annual report', 'registered office', 'temporary legislation', 'physical presence', 'share register', 'record date', 'temporary exceptions', 'legal person', 'two persons', 'convertible instruments', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy form', 'dated power', 'deputy auditors', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'STOCKHOLM', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'FRA', '6QP', 'RENEW', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'representatives', 'questions', 'advance', 'manner', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'outcome', 'comments', 'operations', 'website', 'notice', 'participation', 'accordance', 'heading', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'presentation', 'Story', 'Section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'Cardellgatan', 'Monday', 'mail', 'AGM', 'investors', 'conditions', 'written', 'attorney', 'copy', 'agenda', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'one', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'liability', 'members', 'number', 'fees', 'changes', 'Articles', 'issues', 'warrants']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2701,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-america-announces-redemption-of-1-5-billion-of-floating-rate-senior-notes-due-may-4--2023--301523216.html,Bank of America Announces Redemption of €1.5 Billion of Floating Rate Senior Notes  due May 4  2023,CHARLOTTE  N.C.  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation announced today that it will redeem on May 4  2022 all €1 500 000 000 principal amount outstanding of its Floating Rate Senior Notes  due May 4  2023 (ISIN: XS1602557495; Common Code:…,"CHARLOTTE  N.C.  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation announced today that it will redeem on May 4  2022 all €1 500 000 000 principal amount outstanding of its Floating Rate Senior Notes  due May 4  2023 (ISIN: XS1602557495; Common Code: 160255749) (the ""Notes"").This series of Notes was issued under the Bank of America Corporation U.S.$65 000 000 000 Euro Medium-Term Note Program. The redemption price for the Notes will be equal to the Optional Redemption Amount of €1 000 per €1 000 Calculation Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms dated April 25  2017)  plus accrued and unpaid interest to  but excluding  the redemption date of May 4  2022.Payment of the redemption price for the Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking  S.A. Bank of America  N.A. (operating through its London Branch) is the Principal Agent for the Notes and Bank of America Europe DAC (formerly known as Bank of America Merrill Lynch International DAC) is the Registrar for the Notes.Bank of America Corporation will request the Financial Conduct Authority (the ""FCA"") to cancel the listing of the Notes on the Official List of the FCA and the London Stock Exchange (the ""Exchange"") to cancel the admission to trading on the regulated market of the Exchange as soon as practicable after the redemption date.Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions  serving individual consumers  small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking  investing  asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States  serving approximately 67 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 4 200 retail financial centers  approximately 16 000 ATMs  and award-winning digital banking with more than 54 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management  corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes  serving corporations  governments  institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business households through a suite of innovative  easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States  its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this news release may constitute ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain risks  uncertainties and assumptions difficult to predict or beyond our control. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the uncertainties and risks discussed under Item 1A. ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  and in any of our subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.For more Bank of America news  including dividend announcements and other important information  visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts.www.bankofamerica.comInvestors May Contact:Lee McEntire  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.388.6780[email protected]Jonathan G. Blum  Bank of America (Fixed Income)Phone: 1.212.449.3112[email protected]Reporters May Contact:Christopher Feeney  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.386.6794[email protected]SOURCE Bank of America Corporation",neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['Floating Rate Senior Notes', 'Bank', 'America', 'Redemption', '€1.5 Billion', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'America Merrill Lynch International DAC', '5,000,000,000 Euro Medium-Term Note Program', 'Item 1A. ""Risk Factors', '54 million verified digital users', 'New York Stock Exchange', '3 million small business households', 'Floating Rate Senior Notes', 'Jonathan G. Blum', 'Financial Conduct Authority', '4,200 retail financial centers', 'award-winning digital banking', 'applicable Final Terms', 'Exchange Commission filings', 'risk management products', 'news email alerts', 'London Stock Exchange', '0,000,000 principal amount outstanding', 'small business clients', 'other important information', 'Optional Redemption Amount', 'leading financial institutions', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'America Corporation stock', 'S.A. Bank', 'Europe DAC', 'subsequent Securities', '67 million consumer', 'other financial', '€1,000 Calculation Amount', 'applicable procedures', 'N.A.', 'London Branch', 'Principal Agent', 'online products', 'Certain information', 'asset management', 'wealth management', 'news release', 'Clearstream Banking', 'banking, investing', 'investment banking', 'redemption price', 'America news', 'N.C.', 'Common Code', 'unpaid interest', 'Official List', 'regulated market', 'individual consumers', 'middle-market businesses', 'full range', 'unmatched convenience', 'United States', 'global leader', 'broad range', 'asset classes', 'industry-leading support', 'future results', 'undue reliance', 'looking statement', 'Annual Report', 'Form 10-K', 'dividend announcements', 'Lee McEntire', 'Fixed Income', 'Christopher Feeney', 'redemption date', 'large corporations', 'SOURCE Bank', 'statements', 'CHARLOTTE', 'April', 'May', 'ISIN', 'series', 'accrued', 'Payment', 'accordance', 'Registrar', 'FCA', 'listing', 'admission', 'trading', 'world', 'services', 'company', '16,000 ATMs', 'corporate', 'governments', 'individuals', 'suite', 'operations', 'territories', '35 countries', 'NYSE', 'BAC', 'forward', 'meaning', 'guarantees', 'performance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'year', 'obligation', 'impact', 'circumstances', 'events', 'bankofamerica', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Reporters']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2702,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=367aab9b-6fb6-4f08-b30b-faa8c0109fdb,The Clearing and Settlement Process for Debt Securities: An Overview,5 hours ago,Debt securities trading in the capital markets involves several steps before the electronic transfer of ownership from one owner to another finishes. For ownership to pass from the seller to the buyer  a “clearing” and “settlement” process must occur. The terms “clearing” and “settlement” are often used interchangeably. However  they represent distinct processes.Steps Involved in Clearing and SettlementOnce the parties execute a securities trade  the clearing and settlement processes begins. This involves several sequential actions.Confirmation : There is a confirmation of a sale of securities in a specified amount at a given price between the buyer and seller.: There is a confirmation of a sale of securities in a specified amount at a given price between the buyer and seller. Clearing : The buyer and the seller receive documentation to establish their obligations. The clearing process occurs before settlement begins.: The buyer and the seller receive documentation to establish their obligations. The clearing process occurs before settlement begins. Settlement : The settlement process involves the delivery of securities from the seller to the buyer and the delivery of funds from the buyer to the seller. While clearing and settlement can occur on the same day  the timing may be longer depending on the complexity of the transaction.: The settlement process involves the delivery of securities from the seller to the buyer and the delivery of funds from the buyer to the seller. While clearing and settlement can occur on the same day  the timing may be longer depending on the complexity of the transaction. Payment : Payment occurs through the Federal Reserve’s Fedwire system. The system assigns a reference number to confirm the receipt of funds.: Payment occurs through the Federal Reserve’s Fedwire system. The system assigns a reference number to confirm the receipt of funds. Delivery: DTC’s electronic book-entry system delivers and credits the appropriate account.Depository Trust Company (DTC)The Depository Trust Company   or DTC  is one the largest securities depositories in the world. The DTC facilitates the clearing and settlement of securities transactions. It does this by maintaining a “book-entry” system. This is an electronic method of recordkeeping  as opposed to issuing physical security certificates.Companies that are DTC eligible have access to Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) processing. This service enables companies  security holders  brokers  and other parties to electronically move securities between DTC participants in an expedited manner.The DTC also acts as a custodian and holds physical security certificates on behalf of brokers  dealers  and banks. The DTC designates Cede & Company as the custodial nominee for DTC. Debt securities are represented by the issuance of global notes  usually registered in the name of Cede & Company nominee for DTC.The DTC is a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC)  a securities holding company. Not all securities are eligible to settle through DTC. In order to be a DTC participant  a company  broker  bank  or other entity must have an account with DTC.Euroclear and ClearstreamIn Europe  the two largest clearing systems are Euroclear and Clearstream. Similar to the DTC in the United States  Euroclear and Clearstream provide settlement services for securities. Both services operate electronic book-entry transfer systems. This eliminates the need for physical certificates.A series of steps facilitate cross-market deals between DTC and Euroclear or Clearstream participants. The settlement process generally takes longer for cross-market trading.Trading Mechanics of Clearing and Settling Debt SecuritiesThere are two methods of transferring securities between brokers/dealers and the DTC—the Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) process and the Direct Registry System (DRS). Both use the FAST system. The electronic format of securities transfers provides investors with efficiency and cost savings.Both systems enable the holding of securities “on the books” of a transfer agent. A transfer agent is usually a trust company or bank that records transactions and maintains the financial records of investors. In other words  they act as an intermediary between the company’s registrar and investors.The Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) provides investors with efficiency and cost savings. As an electronic system for the transfer of shares  the DWAC process minimizes time lags. The fact that the DWAC process does not involve the transfer of physical certificates accelerates the settlement process.The Direct Registry System (DRS) also allows investors to hold their securities in book entry form with a transfer agent. This allows the seamless clearing and settling of shares in electronic form. The main distinguishing factor is that DWAC deposits require a Medallion Guaranteed Stock Power while DRS deposits are paperless. A Medallion Guaranteed Stock Power is a special certification stamp on a share certificate that confirms its authenticity. This medallion signature guarantee can be waived under certain circumstances.In order for a company to have its securities settle through the DTC  it must have a letter of representations on file. A letter of representations is a standardized agreement that outlines the terms under which the DTC will act as depository for the company.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['The Clearing', 'Settlement Process', 'Debt Securities', 'Overview', 'A Medallion Guaranteed Stock Power', 'The Direct Registry System', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'two largest clearing systems', 'electronic book-entry transfer systems', 'Fast Automated Securities Transfer', 'main distinguishing factor', 'special certification stamp', 'several sequential actions', 'book entry form', 'largest securities depositories', 'physical security certificates', 'electronic book-entry system', 'Debt securities trading', 'securities holding company', 'book-entry” system', 'physical certificates', 'two methods', 'electronic form', 'FAST system', 'electronic transfer', 'FAST) processing', 'security holders', 'electronic system', 'electronic method', 'cross-market trading', 'Trading Mechanics', 'transfer agent', 'Fedwire system', 'Company nominee', 'The Deposit/Withdrawal', 'capital markets', 'one owner', 'distinct processes', 'same day', 'Federal Reserve', 'reference number', 'expedited manner', 'custodial nominee', 'global notes', 'other entity', 'United States', 'cross-market deals', 'cost savings', 'financial records', 'other words', 'time lags', 'share certificate', 'The DTC', 'several steps', 'DWAC) process', 'DWAC process', 'DWAC deposits', 'securities trade', 'securities transfers', 'clearing process', 'Clearing Corporation', 'seamless clearing', 'appropriate account', 'other parties', 'settlement” process', 'settlement processes', 'DTC participants', 'DRS deposits', 'Clearstream participants', 'securities transactions', 'settlement services', 'DTC.', 'ownership', 'finishes', 'seller', 'buyer', 'terms', 'Confirmation', 'sale', 'amount', 'price', 'documentation', 'obligations', 'delivery', 'funds', 'timing', 'complexity', 'Payment', 'receipt', 'world', 'recordkeeping', 'Companies', 'access', 'brokers', 'custodian', 'behalf', 'dealers', 'banks', 'Cede', 'issuance', 'name', 'subsidiary', 'DTCC', 'order', 'Euroclear', 'Europe', 'Both', 'need', 'series', 'Settling', 'investors', 'efficiency', 'books', 'intermediary', 'registrar', 'shares']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,lexology.com
2703,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.biospace.com/article/releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-promore-pharma-ab-publ-/,Notice of Annual General Meeting Promore Pharma AB (publ),11 hours ago,"STOCKHOLM  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 12  2022 / Promore Pharma (STO:PROMO)(FRA:8T0)The Annual General Meeting of Promore Pharma AB (publ) will be held on Tuesday  17 May 2022 at 2 pm  in the premises of Wennergren Center  Biblioteket  floor 24  Sveavägen 166  in Stockholm. Registration begins at 1 pm.Unofficial English translation for information purposes only. If there are differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text will take precedence.RIGHT TO ATTEND AND NOTIFICATION OF THE COMPANYAnyone wishing to attend the meeting must(i) be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 9 May 2022  and(ii) give notice to the company of its intention to attend no later than 11 May 2022.Notification of attendance may be given in writing to the company by e-mail to shareholders@promorepharma.com or by mail to Promore Pharma AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  Karolinska Institutet Science Park  Fogdevreten 2  SE-171 65 Solna  Sweden or by telephone on +46-(0)8-124 548 59. When giving notification  please state your name or company name  personal ID or company registration number  address  and daytime telephone number as well as the number of advisors.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to attend the meeting  holders of nominee registered shares must instruct the nominee to have the shares registered in the holder's own name  so that the holder is entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 9 May 2022. Registration in this way may be temporary. Request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee not later than 11 May 2022 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXY AND PROXY FORMAnyone who does not attend the meeting in person may exercise its right at the meeting via a proxy in possession of a written  signed and dated form of proxy. The form of proxy may be obtained from the company and it is also available on the company's website: www.promorepharma.com at least three weeks immediately before the meeting. Representatives of a legal person must attach a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent documentary authority. To facilitate entry to the meeting  forms of proxy  registration certificates and other documentary authority must be received by the company at the above-stated address  in good time before the meeting.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the meeting and election of Chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two people to approve the minutes Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  and also the group accounts and auditor's report for the group CEO's address Decisions on: a) adoption of the profit and loss account and balance sheet  and also the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet;b) allocation of the company's loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet andc) discharge from liability towards the company for the directors and the CEO Determination of the number of directors  alternate directors and auditor and alternate auditor Determination of the fees for the directors and for the auditor Election of directors  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and  when applicable  alternate directors and an alternate auditor Decision on new performance targets in incentive program (LTI 2020) Decision on authorisation to issue new shares  convertible instruments and warrants Closure of the meetingDECISIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe Nomination Committee for the AGM 2022 comprises the following members: Hans-Peter Ostler  representing ""Konsortiet"" (Chairman of the Nomination Committee)  Henric Rahm  representing PharmaResearch Co. Ltd.  David Sundin  representing Corespring New Technology AB and Göran Pettersson  Chairman of the Board in Promore Pharma AB (publ).Election of Chairman of the meeting (item 1)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Björnsson  Advokaterna Liman & Partners  be elected to chair the meeting.Determination of the number of directors  alternate directors and auditor and alternate auditor (item 9)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall be composed of five directors  with no alternates  for the period until the next AGM. The Nomination Committee proposes that the company will have one auditor and no alternate.Determination of the fees for the directors and for the auditor (item 10)The Nomination Committee proposes that the fees for the directors will be paid as follows. The Chairman of the Board will receive SEK 300 000 and the other directors will receive SEK 150 000 each.Fees will be paid to the auditor in accordance on current accounts.Election of directors  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and  when applicable  alternate directors and an alternate auditor (item 11)The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Marianne Dicander Alexandersson  Hans-Peter Ostler  Göran Linder and Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm. The Nomination Committee proposes a new election of Candice Jung. It is proposed that Marianne Dicander Alexandersson be elected Chairman of the Board. Satyendra Kumar and Göran Pettersson have declined re-election.Candice Jung was born in 1991 She holds a Ph.D. in Pharmacy from Northeastern University  Boston  USA. Candice Jung has previously held positions in marketing and business development at  amongst others  Johnson & Johnson and the South Korean pharmaceutical company Daewoong Pharmaceutical. She currently works as Head of the American Division of PharmaResearch Co. in Los Angeles. She holds no other board assignments.Information regarding the proposed directors is available on the company's website: www.promorepharma.com.The Nomination Committee proposes that the registered audit company Finnhammars Revisionsbyrå AB be re-appointed auditor. Finnhammars Revisionsbyrå AB has given notice that if the Nomination Committee's proposal for auditor is adopted at the meeting Per-Olov Strand will be the person appointed to have main responsibility for the audit.DECISIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARDDecision on the allocation of the company's loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet (item 8 b)The Board proposes that no dividend shall be paid  and that the company's accumulated loss shall be carried forward.Decision on new performance targets in incentive program (LTI 2020) (item 12)The Board proposes that the general meeting resolves to replace parts of the performance-based incentive program resolved by the annual general meeting on 26 May 2020  ""LTI 2020""  regarding three employees and contractors of the company  the ""Participants""  with respect to certain qualifying terms and conditions as set out below.After the qualifying period of three years  the Participants will  free of charge  receive allotment of warrants in the company  provided that certain qualifying terms and conditions are met  ""Performance Share Rights"". The Participants will earn the right to exercise 25 percent of the Performance Share Rights allotted to the Participants for the fulfilment of each of four established performance targets based on the company achieving certain milestones  the ""Performance Targets"".The Performance Targets established relating to PXL01 will be replaced with new Performance Targets. The new Performance Targets relating to PXL01 are attributable to the company's recruitment of patients to a clinical trial and the completion of the clinical trial.Besides the proposed amendments as set out above  it is proposed that LTI 2020 and thereto adhering delivery and hedging measures shall continue to apply unaffected.The Board's proposal for a resolutionWith reference to the above mentioned  the Board proposes that the general meeting resolves on new Performance Targets relating to PXL01 in LTI 2020.Majority requirementFor a decision in accordance with the Board's proposal on new Performance Targets to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders holding at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Decision on authorisation to issue new shares  convertible instruments  and warrants (item 13)The Board proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board to  for the period to the next AGM and on one or several occasions  issue shares  convertibles and warrants as follows.The Board will be authorised to decide on issues with or without pre-emption rights for the shareholders and/or with provisions of payment in kind  right of set-off and/or other conditions.The basis for the determination of the subscription price when disapplying from the shareholders' pre-emption rights will be the share's  the convertible's or the warrant's market value at the time of the respective issue  taking into account rebates in accordance with the market conditions  when applicable.The number of shares that the Board will be entitled to issue  the number of shares that convertibles may entitle to and the number of shares that may be subscribed for on account of warrants  will totally amount to no more than 12 142 787 new shares  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 20 per cent.The reason behind the proposal and the possibility of disapplication from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  is to allow flexibility in acquisitions or capital raisings.The Board  or its appointee  is authorised to make any minor adjustments to this decision deemed necessary to register the decision with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to other formal requirements.For a decision in accordance with the Board's proposal to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders holding at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.DOCUMENTSThe Board's and the Nomination Committee's complete proposals as well as accounting documents and the auditor's report will be available at the company and on the company's website www.promorepharma.com for at least three weeks immediately before the meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent immediately  and at no cost to the recipient  to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be available at the meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTSThe total number of shares in the company as of the date of this notice is 60 713 936 representing a total of 60 713 936 voting rights. As of that date the company does not own any of its own shares.INFORMATION AT THE MEETINGIf any shareholders so request and the Board considers it possible without material harm to the company  the Board and the CEO must provide information at the meeting on any circumstances that may influence determination of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may influence determination of the financial position of the company or its subsidiary  the group accounts and the company's relationship to another group company.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________Solna 12 April 2022Promore Pharma AB (publ)Board of DirectorsAttachmentsNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROMORE PHARMA AB (PUBL)SOURCE: Promore PharmaView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/697045/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-Promore-Pharma-AB-publ",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Promore Pharma AB', 'Notice', 'Karolinska Institutet Science Park', 'Corespring New Technology AB', 'equivalent documentary authority', 'new performance targets', 'PharmaResearch Co. Ltd.', 'Göran Pettersson', 'Anders Björnsson', 'Promore Pharma AB', 'other documentary authority', 'Unofficial English translation', 'The Nomination Committee', 'voting rights registration', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'daytime telephone number', 'alternate auditor Decision', 'new shares', 'company registration number', 'voting list', 'registration certificate', 'Wennergren Center', 'Sveavägen', 'information purposes', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'share register', 'personal ID', 'good time', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two people', 'minutes Examination', 'annual report', 'group accounts', 'group CEO', 'incentive program', 'convertible instruments', 'following members', 'Hans-Peter Ostler', 'Henric Rahm', 'David Sundin', 'Advokaterna Liman', 'current accounts', 'other directors', 'dated form', 'loss account', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'legal person', 'next AGM', 'alternate directors', 'five directors', 'CEO Determination', 'agenda Election', 'one auditor', 'PROXY FORM', 'company name', 'AGM 2022', 'STOCKHOLM', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'FRA', 'publ', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Biblioteket', 'floor', 'differences', 'precedence', 'ATTEND', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Anyone', 'shareholder', 'notice', 'intention', 'writing', 'mail', 'promorepharma', 'Fogdevreten', '65 Solna', 'address', 'advisors', 'holders', 'way', 'Request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'preparation', 'possession', 'written', 'website', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'entry', 'forms', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Decisions', 'adoption', 'profit', 'allocation', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Board', 'LTI', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'Closure', 'Konsortiet', 'item', 'Partners', 'alternates', 'period', 'SEK', '1']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,biospace.com
2704,Euroclear,Google API,https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-acarix-100000008.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Acarix AB,1 day ago,"Acarix ABNotice of Annual General Meeting in Acarix ABThe shareholders of Acarix AB  reg. no. 559009-0667  (the ""Company"")  are hereby convened to the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 11 May 2022 at 10:00 AM at the Baker & McKenzie Advokatbyrå's office on Vasagatan 7 in Stockholm.Right to attend the annual general meeting and noticeShareholders wishing to attend the annual general meeting must:on the record date  which is Tuesday 3 May 2022  be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB;notify the Company of their participation and any assistants (no more than two) in the annual general meeting no later than Thursday 5 May 2022. The notification shall be in writing to Acarix AB  Jungmansgatan 12  211 19 Malmö or via e-mail: agm@acarix.com. The notification should state the name  personal/corporate identity number  shareholding  share classes address and telephone number and  when applicable  information about representatives  counsels and assistants. When applicable  complete authorization documents  such as registration certificates and powers of attorney for representatives and assistants  should be appended the notification.Nominee registered sharesShareholders  whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee  must temporarily register the shares in their own name at Euroclear Sweden AB. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  no later than on Tuesday 3 May 2022  via their nominee  temporarily register the shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate at the general meeting. Voting registration requested by a shareholder in such time that the registration has been made by the relevant nominee no later than on Thursday 5 May 2022 will be considered in preparations of the share register.Proxy etc.Shareholders who are casting advance votes via proxy should submit a power of attorney  dated and signed by the shareholder  together with the advance vote. The proxy must not be more than one year old  however  the proxy may be older if it is stated that it is valid for a longer term  maximum five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  certificate of registration or other documents of authority shall be attached to the form. A form proxy will be available for downloading on the Company´s website www.acarix.com.Story continuesProposed agenda:1 Opening of the meeting2 Election of the chairman of the general meeting3 Preparation and approval of voting list4 Election of one or two persons to certify the minutes5 Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened6 Approval of the agenda7 Presentation of the annual report and audit report and the group annual report and group audit report8 Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of income statement and balance sheet and group income statement and group balance sheet;b) appropriation of the Company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and the adopted group balance sheet; andc) discharge of liability for the directors and the managing director9 Determination of the number of directors and auditors10 Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors11 Election of board of directors and auditors12 Resolution regarding adoption of principles for the nomination committee13 Resolution regarding guidelines for the determination of remuneration to senior executives14 Resolution regarding authorization for the board to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants15 Resolution regarding an employee stock option program for senior executives  other employees and key individuals in the company and the group in Sweden  Denmark  Germany and USAa) Proposal regarding resolution to issue warrants employee stock optionsb) Proposal regarding resolution to issue warrants and approval of transfer of warrants16 Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutions:Item 2: Election of the chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that Carl Isaksson  LL.M.  Baker & McKenzie Advokatbyrå is appointed as chairman of the general meeting  or  in his absence  the person appointed by him.Item 8b) Appropriation of the Company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and the adopted group balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that all funds available to the annual general meeting shall be carried forward.Items 9-11: Determination of the number of directors and auditors  remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors  election of board of directors and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board shall consist of four directors. The nomination committee further proposes that the number of auditors shall be one registered accounting firm.The nomination committee that the remuneration is to be SEK 1 000 000 in total and shall be paid to the board of directors and the members of the established committees as follows (SEK 1 000 000 previous year):SEK 400 000 (SEK 400 000) to the chairman and SEK 200 000 (SEK 200 000) to the other directors; andSEK 0 (SEK 0) to the chair of the audit and remuneration committee  and the other members of the committees respectively.The nomination committee proposes that the auditor shall be entitled to a fee in accordance with approved invoice.The nomination committee proposes the re-election of Marlou Janssen-Counotte  Ulf Rosén  Fredrik Buch and Philip Siberg as directors of the board. Further  the nomination committee proposes the re-election of Philip Siberg as chairman of the board.The nomination committee further proposes the re-election of the registered audit firm Öhrling PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the Company's auditor for a period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. Öhrling PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has announced that the authorized auditor Cecilia Andrén Dorselius continues as main responsible auditor.The nomination committee's complete proposal and motivated opinion as well as further information regarding the directors proposed for re-election is available at the Company's website www.acarix.com and will also be available in the annual report for 2021.Item 12: Resolution regarding adoption of principles for the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the following principles for the nomination committee are adopted.Role of the nomination committeeThe Company shall have a nomination committee with the task of preparing and proposing decisions to the shareholders' meetings on electoral and remuneration issues and  where applicable  procedural issues for the appointment of the subsequent nomination committee. The nomination committee is to propose:the chairman of the annual general meeting;candidates for the post of chairman and other directors of the board;fees and other remuneration for board work to each director;fees to members of committees within the board;election and remuneration of the Company auditor; andprinciples for the nomination committee.The nomination committee shall in its assessment of the evaluation of the board an in its proposal in particular take into consideration the requirement of diversity and breadth on the board and strive for equal gender distribution. Regardless of how they have been appointed  the members of the nomination committee are to promote the interests of all shareholders of the Company.Members of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee  which shall be appointed for the time until a new nomination committee has been appointed  shall consist of three members  of whom three shall be nominated by the Company's two largest shareholders with respect to voting power and the third shall be the chairman of the board. The chairman of the board shall as soon as reasonably practicable after the end of the third quarter  in an adequate manner  contact the two owner-registered largest shareholders  with respect to votes  according to the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB at that time and request that they  taken into consideration the circumstances  within a reasonable time which may not exceed 30 days  nominate in writing to the nomination committee that person whom the shareholder wishes to appoint as member of the nomination committee. If any of the three largest shareholders elects not to exercise their right to appoint a member of the nomination committee  the next shareholder in consecutive order shall be entitled to appoint a member of the nomination committee. In the case that several shareholders abstain their right to appoint a member of the nomination committee  the chairman of the board shall not be required to contact more than eight shareholders  unless its necessary in order to obtain a nomination committee consisting of a minimum of three members.Unless otherwise agreed between the members  the chairman of the nomination committee shall be nominated by the largest shareholder. A member of the board of directors shall never be the chairman of the nomination committee.If a shareholder who is has appointed a member of the nomination committee during the year ceases to be one of the Company's three largest shareholders  the member appointed by such shareholder shall resign from the nomination committee. Instead  a new shareholder among the three largest shareholders shall be entitled to independently and in its sole discretion appoint a member of the nomination committee. However  no marginal changes in shareholding and no changes in shareholding which occur later than three months prior to the annual general meeting shall lead to a change in the composition of the nomination committee  unless there are exceptional reasons.If a member of the nomination committee resigns before the nomination committee has completed its assignment  for reasons other than set out in above  the shareholder has appointed such member shall be entitled to independently and in its sole discretion appoint a replacement member. If the chairman of the board resigns from the board  his/her successor shall replace the chairman of the board also on the nomination committee.A change in the composition of the nomination committee shall be published without undue delay on the website of the Company.Announcement of the nomination committee membersThe chairman of the board shall ensure that the names of the members of the nomination committee  together with the names of the shareholders they have been nominated by  are published on the Company's website no later than six months before the annual general meeting.If a member leaves the nomination committee during the year  or if a new member is appointed  the nomination committee shall ensure that such information  including the corresponding information about the new nomination committee member  is published on the website.Shareholders' rights to submit proposals to the nomination committeeShareholders shall be entitled to propose board members for consideration by the nomination committee. The nomination committee shall provide the Company with information on how shareholders may submit recommendations to the nomination committee. Such information shall be announced on the Company's website.The chairman of the board of directors shall  as part of the work of the nomination committee  keep the nomination committee informed about the work of the board of directors  the need for particular qualifications and competences  etc.  which may be of importance for the work of the nomination committee.The nomination committee's proposals  work and feesWhen preparing its proposals  the nomination committee shall take into account that the board of directors is to have a composition appropriate to the Company's operations  phase of development and other relevant circumstances. The directors shall collectively exhibit diversity and breadth of qualifications  experience and background. The nomination committee shall further strive for equal gender distribution.The nomination committee shall provide the Company with its proposals for board members in such time that the Company can present the proposals in the notice of the shareholders' meeting where an election is to take place.When the notice of the shareholders' meeting is issued  the nomination committee shall issue a statement on the Company's website explaining its proposals regarding the composition of the board of directors. The nomination committee shall in particular explain its proposal against the background of the requirement to strive for an equal gender distribution. The statement is also to include an account of how the nomination committee has conducted its work. In case a resigning managing director is nominated for the position of chairman of the board of directors  the nomination committee shall specifically explain the reasons for such proposal.The nomination committee shall ensure that the following information on candidates nominated for election or re-election to the board of directors is posted on the Company's website at the latest when the notice to the shareholders' meeting is issued:year of birth  principal education and work experience;any work performed for the Company and other significant professional commitments;any holdings of shares and other financial instruments in the Company owned by the candidate or the candidate's related natural or legal persons;whether the nomination committee deems the candidate to be independent from the Company and its executive management  as well as of the major shareholders in the Company. If the committee considers a candidate independent regardless of the existence of such circumstances which  according to the criteria of the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance  may give cause to consider the candidate not independent  the nomination committee shall explain its proposal; andin the case of re-election  the year that the person was first elected to the board.Account of the work of the nomination committeeAll members of the nomination committee  where possible  and as a minimum one of the members  shall be present at the annual general meeting.The nomination committee shall at the annual general meeting  or other shareholders' meetings where an election is to be held  give an account of how it has conducted its work and explain its proposals against the background of what is provided about the composition of the board as set out above. The nomination committee shall in particular explain its proposal against the background of the requirement as set out above to strive for an equal gender distribution.Fees and CostsNo fee shall be payable by the Company to any member of the nomination committee. The Company shall bear all reasonable costs associated with the work of the nomination committee. Where necessary  the nomination committee may engage external consultants to assist in finding candidates with the relevant experience  and the Company shall bear the costs for such consultants. The Company shall also provide the nomination committee with the human resources needed to support the nomination committee's work.ConfidentialityA member of the nomination committee may not unduly reveal to anyone what he/she has learned during the discharge of his/her assignment as a nomination committee member. The duty of confidentiality applies to oral as well as written information and applies also after the assignment has terminated.A nomination committee member shall store all confidential materials that he/she receives by reason of the nomination committee assignment in a manner so that the materials are not accessible to third parties. After the assignment has terminated  a nomination committee member shall hand over to the chairman of the board all confidential materials that the nomination committee member has received in his/her capacity as nomination committee member and still has in his/her possession  including any copies of the materials  to the extent reasonably possible taking into account inter alia technical aspects.The chairman of the nomination committee may make public statements about the work of the nomination committee. No other nomination committee member may make statements to the press or otherwise make public statements regarding the Company and the Company group unless the chairman of the board has given permission thereto.Item 13: Resolution regarding guidelines for the determination of remuneration to senior executivesUpon recommendation of the remuneration committee  the board of directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives.The guidelines shall apply to remuneration that has been agreed upon or to changes in already agreed remunerations after the guidelines have been adopted by the annual general meeting. The guidelines do not apply to remunerations that has been resolved by the general meeting and any remuneration through shares  warrants  convertibles or other share-related instruments such as synthetic options or employ stock options shall therefore be resolved by the general meeting.These guidelines apply to the CEO and other senior executives in the company group and all other remuneration to members of the board except fees to the board of directors.Regarding employment conditions that are governed by rules other than Swedish  appropriate adjustments may be made in order to comply with such mandatory rules or established local practice  whereby the general objectives of these guidelines shall  to the extent possible  be met.Remuneration may consist of fixed cash salary  possible variable cash compensation  other customary benefits and pension. The total annual cash remuneration  including pension benefits  must be market-based and competitive in the employment market and in the work area in which the employee is situated  taking into account the individual's qualifications and experience and that outstanding achievements are to be reflected in the total remuneration. Fixed cash salary and variable cash remuneration shall be related to the executive's responsibility and authority. The fixed cash salary shall be revised annually.Fixed and variable salary shall be related to the senior executive's responsibility and authority. The variable cash remuneration shall be based on the outcome of pre-determined targets and should be designed with the aim of achieving greater alignment of interest between the participating senior executive and the Company's shareholders.The variable cash remuneration shall be based on and be related to the outcome in relation to predetermined and measurable concrete defined objectives based on the Company's business strategy and the long-term business plan approved by the board of directors. The objectives may include financial objectives  either at the group or unit level  operational objectives as well as objectives for sustainability and social responsibility  employee engagement or customer satisfaction  as well as individualized quantitative or qualitative goals. These objectives must be established and documented annually in order to promote the long-term development of executives. The Company has established financial targets and KPI's based on strategic and business-critical initiatives and projects that ensure fulfillment in accordance with the business plan and business strategy for a sustainable continued business and safeguarding the Company's long-term interests.The variable remuneration shall amount to a maximum of 100 percent of the fixed salary. The fulfillment of criteria for payment of variable cash compensation shall be measurable over a period of one year. Terms for variable remuneration should be designed so that the board of directors may limit or omit payment of variable remuneration  provided that exceptional economic circumstances are at hand  if the board of directors finds the payments unreasonable and incompatible with the Company's responsible in relation to its shareholders. With respect to yearly bonuses  it should be possible to limit or omit payments  if the board of directors finds it motivated because of any other reasons.Additional variable cash compensation may be payable in exceptional circumstances  provided that such arrangements are time-limited and made only at the individual level. The purpose of such arrangements must be to recruit or retain executives  or as compensation for extraordinary work in addition to the person's ordinary duties. Such compensation shall not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 percent of the fixed annual cash salary and shall not be paid more than once per year and per individual. A decision on such remuneration shall be made by the board of directors on proposal from the remuneration committee.Pension payments shall be fee determined. Senior executives shall be entitled to pension commitments based on those that are customary in the country in which they are employed. The maximum pension commitment shall not exceed 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Pension commitments will be secured through premiums paid to insurance companies.Other benefits may include: life insurance  health insurance and car benefit. Such benefits may amount to a maximum of 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For executives who are stationed in a country other than their home country  additional remuneration and other benefits may be paid to a reasonable extent  taking into account the particular circumstances associated with such expatriation  whereby the overall purpose of these guidelines is to be met as far as possible. Such benefits may amount to a maximum of 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Payment of consultancy fees and additional remuneration may be paid to directors after decision by the board of directors  if a director performs services on behalf of the Company  which do not constitute board work.Fixed salary during the notice period and severance pay shall in total not exceed an amount corresponding to a maximum of a two years' fixed salary.The board of directors shall be entitled to deviate from the guidelines in an individual case if there are special reasons for it.Decisions regarding salary and other remuneration to the managing director and other senior executives are prepared by the remuneration committee and resolved on by the board of directors.The total amount of remuneration granted or to be granted directly or indirectly by the Company to the senior executives is fully described in the consolidated financial accounts of the Company  as disclosed in its annual accounts for 2021  which is available at the Company's website  www.acarix.com.Item 14: Resolution regarding authorization for the board to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrantsThe board of directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors during the period up until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  to resolve to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  in the amount not exceeding twenty (20) percent of the total number of shares in the Company at the time of the annual general meeting  to be paid in cash  in kind and/or by way of set-off.The purpose for the board to resolve on issuances with deviation from the shareholders preferential rights in accordance with the above is primarily for the purpose to raise new capital to increase flexibility of the Company or in connection with acquisitions.Issuances of new shares under the authorization shall be made on customary terms and conditions based on current market conditions. If the board of directors finds it suitable in order to enable delivery of shares in connection with a share issuance as set out above it may be made at a subscription price corresponding to the shares quota value.The board of directors or anyone appointed by the board of directors is given the right to make the adjustments necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution at the Companies Registration Office.Item 15: Resolution regarding an employee stock option program for senior executives  other employees and key individuals in the company and the group in Sweden  Denmark  Germany and USABackground and motiveThe board of directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to establish an employee stock option program for senior executives  other employees and key individuals in the Company and the group in Sweden  Denmark  Germany and USA (the ""Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026"") in accordance with the below.The purpose with the proposal is to create conditions to retain and increase motivation with senior executives  other employees and other key individuals in the Company and the group in Sweden  Denmark  Germany and USA. The board of directors believes that it is in the interest of all shareholders that senior executives  employees and other key individuals  which are assessed to be of importance for the development of the group have a long-term interest of a positive value growth in the Company's shares. A long-term ownership engagement is expected to stimulate increased interest in the business and the earnings development in general as well as increasing the motivation for the participants and aims to achieve increased alignment between the participant and the Company's shareholders. Furthermore  the program is expected to increase the possibility of recruiting competent personnel.In order to hedge the Company's obligations under the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 and hedge the ancillary costs  the board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants  as well as an approval of transfer of warrants in accordance items 15a and 15b.Resolutions in accordance with items 15a and 15b below are taken as one decision and are thus conditional of each other.A presentation of other incentive programs  preparation of the proposal  costs for the programs and effects on key performance measures etc. are described below.Item 15a): Proposal regarding resolution to issue warrants employee stock optionsThe board of directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to establish Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 in accordance with the following main guidelines:The Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 shall consist of a maximum of 3 500 000 stock options.Each stock option confers the holder a right to acquire one new share in the Company against an exercise price corresponding to 130 percent of the average volume weighted price for the Company's share as quoted on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market during the period from and including 30 December 2022 up to and including 13 January 2023. The calculated exercise price shall be rounded off to nearest even hundredth of a SEK  whereupon SEK 0.005 will be rounded to SEK 0.01. The exercise price and number of shares that each stock option confers right to acquire may be re-calculated in the event of a bonus issue  reverse share split or share split  rights issue  etc.  whereby the re-calculation terms in the terms for Warrants 2022/2026 shall apply.The Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 shall be offered  at one or several occasions  to (i) all existing and future senior executives and other employees in the group's business in USA until and including 15 January 2023 and (ii) the existing and future key individuals that (personally or through companies) work in the group's business in Sweden  Denmark  Germany or USA as of the mentioned date and who are selected by the board of directors based on their importance for the group. Employees refers to full-time and part-time employees  but not hourly employees. A person who has entered into an employment agreement with the group but has not taken up his/her employment as of the mentioned date  shall not be regarded as an employee. An employee who has terminated the employment or has been dismissed by the mentioned date but is still employed  shall not be regarded as an employee.Senior executives and other employees within the Company and the group in Sweden  Denmark  Germany and USA will within the framework of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 be offered stock options in three different categories in accordance with the following:A. The managing director may be offered a maximum of 700 000 stock options;B. Managers in the group consisting of up to four individuals  of which each may be offered a maximum of 500 000 stock options  totaling a maximum of 1 600 000 stock options;C. Key individuals in the group consisting of up to ten individuals  of which each may be offered a maximum of 200 000 stock options  totaling a maximum of 1 000 000 stock options; andD. Other employees and consultants in the group consisting of up to five individuals  of which each may be offered a maximum of 40 000 warrants  totaling a maximum of 200 000 warrants.Stock options offered to the categories above which are not accepted by the categories above  can later be offered to existing (who does not subscribe their full offered share) and future senior executives or other employees in the group in Sweden  Denmark  Germany and USA within the framework of the now proposed principles for allotment. Oversubscription may not occur. In the event that any individual within the abovementioned categories does not subscribe for their full share  such share may be transferred to another category.The Company's board of directors shall not be included in the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026.Notice of participation in the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 shall be received by the Company on 15 January 2023 at the latest  with a right for the board of directors to prolong the time limit. Allotment of stock options to participants shall take place as soon as possible after the expiration of the notification period.The allotted stock options will be vested over a three-year period in accordance with the following:a) 40 percent of the allotted stock options will be vesting on 31 January 2023; andb) 60 percent of the allotted stock options will be vesting in linear quarterly instalments from 1 February 2023 up to and including 1 March 2026.Vesting requires that the participant is still active within the group and that the employment has not been terminated as of the date when the respective vesting occurs. If a participant ceases to be an employee or terminates his/her employment with the group before a vesting date  the already vested stock options may be exercised at the ordinary time for exercise as described below  but further vesting will not take place. If the employee's employment ceases due to dismissal from the employer's side  however  also vested options will lapse  unless the board of directors decides otherwise on a case-by-case basis.The stock options shall not constitute securities and shall not be able to be transferred or pledged. However  in the event of death  the rights constituted by vested stock options shall accrue to the beneficiaries of the holder of the stock options.The stock options shall be allotted without consideration.The holder can exercise allotted and vested stock options during the period from the vesting date up to and including 31 May 2026. The board of directors has the right to limit the number of dates for delivery of shares during the exercise period.Participation in the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 requires that such participation is in accordance with applicable laws  as well as that such participation can be executed with reasonable administrative costs and financial efforts according to the Company's assessment.The stock options shall be governed by separate agreements with each participant. The board of directors shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 within the above-mentioned substantial terms and guidelines. The board of directors has the right to  within the framework of the agreement with each participant  make the reasonable changes and adjustments of the terms and conditions of the stock options that are deemed suitable or appropriate as a result of local employment law or tax law or administrative conditions. This may mean  among other things  that continued vesting of stock options may take place in some cases when otherwise would not have been the case. The board of directors also has the right to advance vesting and the timing of exercise of stock options in certain cases  such as in the case of a public takeover offer  certain changes in ownership of the Company  liquidation  merger and similar measures. Finally  the board of directors has the right to  in extraordinary cases  limit the scope of  or prematurely terminate  the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 in whole or in part.Item 15b): Proposal regarding resolution to issue warrants and approval of transfer of warrantsIn order to enable the Company's delivery of shares under the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 as well as to hedge ancillary costs  primarily social security contributions  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants of series 2022/2026 as well as an approval of transfer of warrants of series 2022/2026.The board of directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue a maximum of 3 500 000 warrants  which may result in a maximum increase in the Company's share capital of SEK 30 000. The warrants shall entitle to subscription of new shares in the Company.The following terms shall apply to the issuance:The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be subscribed for by the Company and Acarix Incentives AB  reg. no 559102-0044  (the ""Subsidiary"") and any other group company.The warrants are issued at no consideration and shall be subscribed for through a separate subscription list no later than on 30 May 2022. The board of directors has the right to extend the time for subscription.Each warrant entitles to subscription of one new share in the Company during the period from 15 January 2023 up to an including 31 May 2026 or the earlier date set forth in the terms for the warrants.Each warrant entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company against cash payment at a subscription price corresponding to 130 percent of the average volume weighted price for the Company's share as quoted on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market during the period from and including 30 December 2022 up to and including 13 January 2023. The calculated subscription price shall be rounded off to nearest even hundredth of a SEK  whereupon SEK 0.005 will be rounded to SEK 0.01. The subscription price may not be set below the shares' par value. Upon subscription of shares  the part of the subscription price that exceeds the quotient value of the previous shares shall be allocated to the non-restricted share premium fund.A new share subscribed for by exercise of a warrant has a right to dividends as of the first record day for dividends following registration of the new share issue with the Companies Registration Office and after the share has been registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB.The purpose of the issuance  and deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  is to  within the framework of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026  secure delivery of shares to the participants of the program.The complete terms and conditions for the warrants are available at the Company at least three weeks prior to the meeting  including conditions regarding re-calculation  in certain cases  of the subscription price and the number of shares a warrant entitles to.The board of directors or a person nominated by it  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments as may be required in connection with registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and  if applicable  Euroclear Sweden AB.The board of directors further proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve that the Company  the Subsidiary  or any other group Company  may transfer warrants to the participants in the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 without consideration in connection with exercise of the stock options in accordance with the terms set out in item 15a or in another way dispose of the warrants in order to be able to secure the Company's commitments and costs in relation to the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026. The board of directors shall not have the right to dispose of the warrants for any other purpose than to secure the Company's commitments and costs in connection with the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026.Preparation of incentive programs etc. (it is noted that this is not a topic for resolution)Proposal on Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 has been prepared by external advisors in consultation with the remuneration committee and the board of directors.Valuation and Costs and effects on key figuresEmploye e Stock Option Program 2022/2026Costs related to Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 will be recognised in accordance with IFRS 2  which means that the stock options are expensed as personnel costs during the vesting period.Based on the assumption that 100 percent of the options in the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 will be allotted and an annual employee turnover rate of 10 percent  meaning that approximately 2 550 000 stock options will vest  the estimated total accounting salary costs for the options will amount to approximately SEK 720 000 during the time period 2022-2026  based on the actual value of the options at the time of calculation. The options do not have a market value since they are not transferable. However  the board of directors has calculated a theoretical value of the options in accordance with the Black Scholes formula. The calculations have been based on a by the board of directors estimated share price of SEK 0 68 per share  a risk-free interest rate of 0.95 percent and an assumed volatility of 40 percent. In accordance with this valuation  the value of the options in the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 is approximately SEK 0.14 per option. Limitations in the disposal rights have not been taken into consideration in the valuation.Upon a positive development of the share price  the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 may entail costs in the form of social security contributions. The total costs for social security contributions will depend on the employment form of the participant  the number of options that will be vested and on the value of the benefit that the participant finally will receive  i.e. on the value of the options when exercised 2024  but also in which countries the participants are resident and what rates that apply for social security contributions in these countries. Based on the assumption that all 3 500 000 options in Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 will be vested  an assumed share price of SEK 2 when the options are exercised and an assumed average social security rate of approximately 8.3 percent and an annual staff turnover of approximately 10 percent  the total costs for social security contributions will amount to approximately SEK 230 000.The Company's entire costs for social security contributions are proposed to be hedged through a directed issue of warrants in accordance with item 15b.The total cost for Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 will be distributed over the years 2022-2026. Since 40 percent of the options the first year and 60 percent vest in quarterly installments  the cost will be distributed unevenly over the period  with an emphasis at the beginning of the period.Given the above assumptions  including an assumed share price of 2 SEK at the time of exercise of the options  and that the program had been introduced in 2020 instead  it is calculated that the key figure earnings per share for full year 2021 would be unaffected.It shall be noted that all calculations above are preliminary  based on assumptions and are only intended to provide an illustration of what costs Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 may entail. Actual costs may therefore deviate from what has been stated above.Costs in the form of fees to external advisers and costs for administering Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 200 000.Other outstanding share based incentive programsThe Company has previously established three incentive program  warrant series 2021/2025 (""Incentive Program 2021/2025"")  warrant series 2020/2023 (""Incentive Program 2020/2023"") and employee stock options of series 2021/2024 (""Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024"").There are 2 000 000 outstanding warrants under the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024. Each such warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company during the period from 1 June 2025 up to and including 31 August 2025.There are 2 000 000 outstanding warrants under the Incentive Program 2021/2025. Each such warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company during the period from 1 June 2025 up to and including 31 August 2025.There are 3 000 000 outstanding warrants under the Incentive Program 2020/2023. Each such warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 1 17 during the period from 1 August 2023 up to and including 1 October 2023.For more information  see the Company's annual report for 2020.DilutionThe total number of registered shares and votes at the time of this proposal amount to 251 972 194.In case all warrants issued under Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 are exercised for subscription of new shares  the number of shares and votes in the Company will increase with 3 500 000 (with reservation for any re-calculation in accordance with the warrant terms and conditions)  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.37 percent of the Company's share capital and votes (based on the current outstanding shares in the Company).The maximum dilution of Incentive Program 2020/2023  Warrant program 2021/2025  Employee Stock option Program 2021/2024 and Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2026 plus the other outstanding incentive programs in the Company is estimated to be a maximum of approximately 4.11 percent  assuming full subscription and exercise of all warrants offered and outstanding.Majority requirementsA resolution in accordance with item 14 requires support by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds of both the shares voted and of the shares represented at the general meeting.A resolution in accordance with item 15 requires support by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths of both the shares voted and of the shares represented at the general meeting  due to the fact that the issue and transfer of warrants is made to persons who belong to one or more of the categories according to Ch. 16 of the Swedish Companies Act.Number of shares and votesThe total number of shares and votes in the Company as of the date hereof amounts to 251 972 194. The Company holds no own shares.Further informationCopies of accounts  audit report  complete proposals  proxy forms  and other documents that shall be available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act are available at the Company at Jungmansgatan 12  211 19 in Malmö and at the Company's website www.acarix.com  at least three (3) weeks in advance of the annual general meeting and will be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their e-mail or postal address. A statement on the nomination committee's proposal regarding the board of directors is available on the Company's website as from today and will be sent to shareholders who request this report and provide their e-mail or postal address.The shareholders hereby notified regarding the right to  at the annual general meeting  request information from the board of directors and managing director according to Ch. 7 § 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in relation the meeting  see the Privacy notice available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf* * * * *Malmö in April 2022Acarix ABThe board of directorsAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Acarix AB', 'Notice', 'employee stock option program', 'one registered accounting firm', 'employee stock options', 'share classes address', 'group annual report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group audit report', 'group income statement', 'group balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'complete authorization documents', 'Nominee registered shares', 'other documents', 'share register', 'Acarix AB', 'McKenzie Advokatbyrå', 'record date', 'advance votes', 'longer term', 'five years', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'nomination committee', 'senior executives', 'other employees', 'key individuals', 'Carl Isaksson', 'LL.M.', 'telephone number', 'relevant nominee', 'registration certificates', 'Voting registration', 'legal person', 'Thursday 5 May', 'four directors', 'form proxy', '11 May', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'Wednesday', '10:00 AM', 'Baker', 'office', 'Vasagatan', 'Stockholm', 'Right', 'Tuesday', 'participation', 'assistants', 'notification', 'writing', 'Jungmansgatan', 'Malmö', 'mail', 'name', 'shareholding', 'information', 'representatives', 'counsels', 'powers', 'attorney', 'order', 'time', 'preparations', 'authority', 'website', 'Story', 'agenda', '1 Opening', '2 Election', 'chairman', 'approval', '4 Election', 'minutes', '5 Determination', 'Presentation', '8 Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'loss', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', '9 Determination', 'auditors', '10 Determination', 'remuneration', 'board', '11 Election', 'principles', '13 Resolution', 'guidelines', '14 Resolution', 'convertibles', 'warrants', '15 Resolution', 'Denmark', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Proposal', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'Item', 'absence', 'funds', 'total', 'members', 'committees', 'SEK', '211', '7']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,uk.sports.yahoo.com
2705,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ISOFOL-MEDICAL-AB-PUBL-39436714/news/Isofol-Medical-Full-notice-to-attend-the-AGM-2022-English-40029239/,Isofol Medical : Full notice to attend the AGM 2022 (English),12 hours ago,"N.B. This is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting held on May 19  2022 in Isofol Medical AB (publ)The shareholders in Isofol Medical AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556759-8064  with its registered office in Gothenburg  are hereby invited to attend the annual general meeting held on Thursday  May 19  2022 at 5 p.m. at Park  Kungsportsavenyn 36  SE-411 36 in Gothenburg  Sweden. Registration at the annual general meeting starts at 4:30 p.m. and ends when the meeting convenes.NOTIFICATION  ADVANCE VOTING  ETC.Right to participate in the annual general meeting and notificationParticipation in the annual general meeting at the venueShareholders wishing to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue or represented by a proxy must:• be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  May 11  2022 (for nominee-registered shares  see ""Nominee-registered shares"" below); and• no later than Friday  May 13  2022 give notice of attendance by post to Isofol Medical AB (publ)  ""Annual general meeting 2022""  Att. Gustaf Albèrt  Arvid Wallgrens backe 20  SE-413 46 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail toarsstamma@isofolmedical.com.When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name (corporate name)  personal or corporate registration number  shareholding  address  telephone number  and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants)  and if applicable name and personal registration number of any proxy or proxies. Personal data disclosed in connection with registration will only be processed and used in connection with the annual general meeting. Further details on the processing of personal data are provided below.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated proxy for the representative must be issued. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. The proxy is valid for a maximum of one (1) year from the date of issue  or for the longer period of validity specified in the proxy  however  for a maximum of five (5) years from the date of issue. The proxy and any certificate of registration should be sent to the company at the above address well in advance of the annual general meeting. Any certificate of registration is valid for one (1) year. A proxy form is available on the company's website www.isofolmedical.com.Participation by advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by advance voting  so called postal voting pursuant to Section 4 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting by voluntary advance voting must: be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  May 11  2022 (for nominee-registered shares  see ""Nominee-registered shares"" below); and submit its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal vote is received by the company no later than Friday  May 13  2022.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under ""Participation in the annual general meeting at the venue"" above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's website  www.isofolmedical.com.A completed and signed form may be submitted by post to Isofol Medical AB (publ)  ""Annual general meeting 2022""  Att. Gustaf Albèrt  Arvid Wallgrens Backe 20  SE-413 46 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail to arsstamma@isofolmedical.com.The completed form shall be received by the company not later than Friday  May 13  2022. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed with the advance voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website  www.isofolmedical.com.If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation or submitting its advance vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  May 11  2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Friday  May 13  2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the annual general meeting.2. Election of chairman of the annual general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes.6. Determination of whether the annual general meeting has been duly convened.7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and  if applicable  the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.9. Resolution regarding allocations of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet.10. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the CEO. a. Pär-Ola Mannefred - chairman of the board of directors b. Magnus Björsne - board member c. Robert Marchesani - board member d. Lennart Jeansson - board member e. Anna Belfrage - board memberf.Alain Herrera - board memberg. Aram Mangasarian - board memberh. Paula Boultbee - board memberi. Ulf Jungnelius - CEO11. Resolution regarding the number of board members  deputy board members  auditors and deputy auditors. a. Number of board members and deputy board members b. Number of auditors and deputy auditors12. Resolution regarding the fees to the board of directors and the auditors. a. Fees to the board of directors b. Fees to the auditors13. Election of board members and auditor. a. Magnus Björsne - board member (Re-election) b. Robert Marchesani - board member (Re-election) c. Lennart Jeansson - board member (Re-election) d. Anna Belfrage - board member (Re-election) e. Alain Herrera - board member (Re-election) f. Aram Mangasarian - board member (Re-election) g. Paula Boultbee - board member (Re-election) h. Jan Törnell - board member (Election) i. Jan Törnell - chairman of the board of directors (Election) j. KPMG AB - auditor (Re-election)14. Determination of procedure for appointment of the nomination committee.15. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval.16. Resolution on adoption of guidelines for executive remuneration.17. The board of directors' proposal to change the articles of association.18. The board of directors' proposal regarding authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on new issues.19. Closing of the annual general meeting.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE'S PROPOSAL FOR ITEMS 2  11  12  13 AND 14The nomination committee  who's members have been appointed in accordance with the principles resolved by the annual general meeting 2021  consisting of chairman Malin Björkmo (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder) together with the members Lars Lind (appointed by Hans Enocson)  Ulrik Grönvall (appointed by Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Mats-Ola Palm (appointed by approx. 12 % of the votes) and Pär-Ola Mannefred (chairman of the board of directors)  submits the following proposal:Item 2 - Election of chairman of the annual general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board of directors  Pär-Ola Mannefred  is elected chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 11 - Resolution regarding the number of board members  deputy board members  auditors and deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of eight (8) members with no deputies.The nomination committee proposes that one (1) registered public accounting firm is elected auditor.Item 12 - Resolution regarding the fees to the board of directors and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that fees to the board of directors  for the period until the end of the annual general meeting 2023  shall be allocated as follows. SEK 550 000 (unchanged) to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 250 000 (unchanged) to each of the other members of the board of directors elected by the general meeting. Further  SEK 125 000 (previously SEK 75 000) to the chairman of the audit committee  SEK 75 000 (previously SEK 40 000) to each of the other members of the audit committee  SEK 75 000 (previously SEK 50 000) to the chairman of the remuneration committee  and SEK 50 000 (previously SEK 25 000) to each of the other members of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee further proposes  that the board members (in addition to compensation for out-of-pocket costs and travel expenses)  resident within Europe but outside the Nordic countries  shall receive SEK 7 500 (unchanged) for each board meeting attended in person  and board members resident in North America shall receive SEK 15 000 (unchanged) for each board meeting attended in person.The nomination committee proposes that the fees to the auditors for services rendered shall be paid in accordance with by the company approved invoice.Item 13 (a-j) - Election of board members and auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Magnus Björsne  Robert Marchesani  Lennart Jeansson  Anna Belfrage  Alain Herrera  Aram Mangasarian and Paula Boultbee  and new election of Jan Törnell  as board members. In addition  it is also proposed that Jan Törnell is elected as new chairman of the board of directors. All elections refer to the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.Pär-Ola Mannefred has declined re-election as board member and chairman of the board of directors.Information about the proposed new member of the board of directors and chairman of the board of directorsJan TörnellBorn: 1960Professional experience: Jan Törnell has extensive international experience from managerial positions within life science  for example as Vice President of Global Strategy at AstraZeneca Oncology & Infection. Jan Törnell has further held positions as professor of Physiology at Sahlgrenska University Hospital and as Docent of Physiology at University of Gothenburg. Today he holds board assignments in multiple boards for companies within the life science sector and works as an adviser regarding pharmaceutical projects.Education: M.D. and PhD in Physiology from the University of Gothenburg.Other board assignments: Jan Törnell is chairman of the board of Lidds AB and Glactone Pharma AB  a board member of Abliva AB and Innotext AB  where he also serves as CEO  and deputy board member of Lidds Pharma AB.Shareholding in Isofol: -Independence: Jan Törnell is independent in relation to the company and management  and independent in relation to major shareholders of the company.More information on the board members proposed for re-election as board members is available on the company's website  www.isofolmedical.com.The nomination committee proposes that KPMG AB is re-elected as auditor for the company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. KPMG AB has informed the nomination committee that the authorised public accountant Jan Malm will be appointed auditor in charge if KPMG AB is re-elected as auditor.Item 14 - Determination of procedure for appointment of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the general meeting resolve to adopt the following procedure for appointment of the nomination committee:The chairman of the board shall annually and no later than 31 October  based on the share register of the company kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 30 September  contact the three largest shareholders in the company (in terms of votes) who shall each be entitled to appoint one member to the nomination committee. Should any of the three largest shareholders waive their right to appoint a member to the nomination committee  the next shareholder in line (in terms of votes) will be given the opportunity to appoint a member to the nomination committee until the nomination committee consists of at least three members. An additional member of the nomination committee may be appointed jointly by minority shareholders representing at least 10 per cent of the votes in the company based on the share register of the company kept by Euroclear Sweden AB or other reliable information. The chairman of the board shall not be a member of the nomination committee but shall normally be co-opted to the nomination committee's meetings.Chairman of the nomination committee shall  unless the members agree otherwise  be the member appointed by the largest shareholder (in terms of votes) and may not be a board member.The composition of the nomination committee and contact details shall be made public on the company's website at least six months prior to the general meeting. A majority of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the company and the company's management. At least one member of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the shareholder controlling the largest number of votes in the company or group of shareholders cooperating in management of the company.No fees shall be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The company shall reimburse reasonable expenditures that the nomination committee or its members may incur while performing their duties. The nomination committee is appointed for a term until a new nomination committee is appointed. The composition of the nomination committee may change if: (i) a member wishes to resign prematurely whereas a letter of resignation shall be sent to the chairman of the nomination committee  or if the chairman wishes to resign  a letter of resignation shall be sent to another member of the nomination committee  (ii) a nominating shareholder wishes to replace its appointed representative in the nomination committee with another person whereas such a request (containing the two relevant names) shall be sent to the chairman of the nomination committee (or in case the replacement regards the chairman  to another member of the nomination committee) with the reception of such request resulting in the execution of the request  (iii) a change of ownership in the company taking place before 1 January and resulting in a nominating shareholder no longer being one of the three largest shareholders entitled to appoint a representative to the nomination committee  whereas such a representative shall be deemed to have resigned automatically. Should a member of the nomination committee resign before the committee's work has been fulfilled  the nomination",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Isofol Medical', 'Full notice', 'AGM', 'English', 'Att. Gustaf Albèrt', 'Isofol Medical AB', 'accompanying assistant(s', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Arvid Wallgrens Backe', 'Swedish original wording', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'maximum two assistants', 'voluntary advance voting', 'advance voting form', 'corporate registration number', 'personal registration number', 'general meetings', 'Swedish text', 'voting rights', 'telephone number', 'corporate name', 'N.B.', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'share register', 'Personal data', 'Further details', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'advance vote', 'special form', 'postal vote', 'nominee-registered shares', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'state name', 'applicable name', 'mail toarsstamma', 'Proxy forms', 'equivalent certificate', 'case', 'differences', 'Notice', 'May', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'office', 'Gothenburg', 'Thursday', 'Park', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'NOTIFICATION', 'ETC', 'Participation', 'venue', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'Friday', 'attendance', 'isofolmedical', 'shareholding', 'address', 'proxies', 'connection', 'processing', 'written', 'dated', 'representative', 'authority', 'issue', 'validity', 'website', 'Section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'accordance', 'completed', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'incorporation', 'addition', '4:30']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,marketscreener.com
2706,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NORDIC-PAPER-HOLDING-AB--114122071/news/Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-Nordic-Paper-Holding-AB-publ-40027797/,Notice of annual general meeting in Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ),15 hours ago,"Notice of annual general meeting in Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ) 04/12/2022 | 01:31am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The shareholders of Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556914-1913  with its registered office in Karlstad municipality in Värmland county  (the ""Company"" or "" Nordic Paper "")  are hereby invited to the annual general meeting on Thursday 19 May 2022   at 13.00 at Värmlands Museum  Sandgrundsudden  Karlstad. Registration starts at 12.30. Nordic Paper welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by attending the venue in person or by voting in advance (postal voting). Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 19 May 2022 as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed. Preconditions for participation and notice of participation Participation at the venue A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 11 May 2022   and (ii) no later than 13 May 2022 give notice by post to Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ)  ""AGM 2022""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders who are natural persons may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB 's webpage  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants). If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the Company's webpage  www.nordic-paper.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the annual general meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent via email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ)  ""AGM 2022""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   so that it is received no later than 18 May 2022 . Participation by advance voting A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting by advance voting must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 11 May 2022   and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual general meeting no later than 13 May 2022   by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day. A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under ""Participation at the venue"" above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue. A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the Company's webpage www.nordic-paper.com. A completed and signed form may be submitted by post to Euroclear Sweden AB so that it is received no later than 13 May 2022 . The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation to the annual general meeting. The populated form may be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ)  ""AGM 2022""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden . Shareholders who are natural persons may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB :s webpage  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting. If a shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. Proxy forms for those who wish to vote by proxy can be found on the Company's webpage  www.nordicpaper.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual general meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder casts votes during the annual general meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the annual general meeting  the submitted advance vote will be replaced by the vote cast at the annual general meeting. For questions about the meeting or to have the advance vote form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8-402 91 33 (Monday-Friday at 09.00-16.00). Nominee-registered shares To be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 11 May 2022 . Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 13 May 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders. Proposed agenda Opening of the annual general meeting. Election of the chairman of the meeting. Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Presentation and approval of the agenda. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the income statement  balance sheet  consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution on: the adoption of the income statement  balance sheet  consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  the appropriation of the Company's profits or losses in accordance with the approved balance sheet  and discharging of the members of the board of directors and the CEO from liability. Determination of: the number of members of the board of directors  and and number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of: fees to be paid to the members of the board of directors  and fees to be paid to the auditors. Election of members of the board of directors and chairman of the board. Per Bjurbom (re-election)  Stefan Lundin (re-election) Ying Che (re-election)  Helene Willberg (re-election)  Karin Eliasson (re-election)  Arne Wallin (re-election)  Chairman of the board: Per Bjurbom (re-election). Election of auditors and deputy auditors. Approval of guarantee commitments for subsidiaries. The nomination committee's proposal for instructions to the nomination committee ahead of the annual general meeting in 2023. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval. Resolution on long term incentive programme in the form of warrants for senior executives. Resolution on authorisation to the board of directors to decide on the issuance of new shares Closing of the annual general meeting Proposals of the nomination committee Items 2  10-13 and 15: Election of chairman of the meeting  determination of the number of members of the board and auditors  determination of the fees to be paid to the members of the board and auditors  election of members of the board and chairman of the board  election of auditor and proposal for instructions to the nomination committee The nomination committee of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the following: Victoria Skoglund at Advokatfirman Lindahl shall chair the meeting.at Advokatfirman Lindahl shall chair the meeting. The number of members of the board of directors elected by the annual general meeting shall be six  without deputies  and the number of auditors shall be one chartered auditing firm.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  the members of the board shall be paid a total amount of SEK 2 410 000 ( SEK 2 425 000 )   of which SEK 550 000 ( SEK 550 000 ) shall be paid to the chairman of the board and SEK 300 000 ( SEK 300 000 ) shall be paid to each other member of the board elected by the general meeting. For work within the committees of the board  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  the members shall be paid a total amount of SEK 360 000 ( SEK 375 000 )   of which SEK 170 000 ( SEK 150 000 ) shall be paid to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 85 000 (SEK 75 000) to the other member of the audit committee and SEK 70 000 ( SEK 50 000 ) shall be paid to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 35 000 ( SEK 25 000 ) to the other member of the remuneration committee. Auditor fees shall  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  be paid in accordance with approved invoice.  of which ( ) shall be paid to the chairman of the board and ( ) shall be paid to each other member of the board elected by the general meeting. For work within the committees of the board  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  the members shall be paid a total amount of SEK   of which shall be paid to the chairman of the audit committee and (SEK to the other member of the audit committee and shall be paid to the chairman of the remuneration committee and to the other member of the remuneration committee. Auditor fees shall  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  be paid in accordance with approved invoice. Per Bjurbom  Stefan Lundin   Ying Che   Helene Willberg   Karin Eliasson and Arne Wallin shall be re-elected as members of the board for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Per Bjurbom shall be re-elected as chairman of the board. For information regarding the proposed board members  reference is made to the Company's annual report.      and shall be re-elected as members of the board for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Per Bjurbom shall be re-elected as chairman of the board. For information regarding the proposed board members  reference is made to the Company's annual report. In accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  the chartered auditing firm Öhrlings Pricewaterhousecoopers AB shall be re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  with the request for Martin Johansson as auditor in charge.shall be re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  with the request for as auditor in charge. The instructions for the nomination committee ahead of the annual general meeting 2023 shall be left unchanged from the previous year's instructions. Proposals of the board of directors Item 9 b: Appropriation of the Company's profits or losses in accordance with the approved balance sheet The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a dividend of SEK 2.00 per share  with a proposed record date for the right to receive dividend on 23 May 2022   whereby the dividend is expected to be paid to the shareholders on 27 May 2022 . Additional information board of directors' dividend proposal  including the board of directors' statement  is set out in the complete proposal which is provided in accordance with below. Item 14: Approval of guarantee commitments for subsidiaries In situations where a subsidiary to Nordic Paper is party to significant agreements  for example larger investments with payment plans  suppliers may in certain cases require a guarantee from the parent company. In accordance with the Company's articles of association and due to Chinese corporate governance rules  the annual general meeting shall approve the Company's guarantee commitments for subsidiaries. The board of directors proposes  based on an analysis of the need of guarantees given the ongoing and planned investments in the group  that the annual general meeting  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  resolves to approve a frame of SEK 400 million for guarantee commitments for subsidiaries. Item 16: Presentation of the board of director's remuneration report for approval The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report for the financial year 2021 that has been prepared by the board of directors. Item 17: Resolution on long term incentive programme in the form of warrants for senior executives The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 600 000 warrants within the scope of a long term incentive programme for senior executives within Nordic Paper as follows. The proposed incentive program is a three-year programme. In total  the incentive programme will encompass not more than 9 individuals. The incentive programme entails that senior executives within Nordic Paper are offered warrants at market value calculated according to the Black-Scholes valuation formulae. The participant must have entered into pre-emption agreement with a company within the Nordic Paper group to be entitled to participate in the incentive programme. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall be awarded Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ)  which shall transfer the warrants to the participants. The warrants shall be issued free of charge to Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ). Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new share in the company at an exercise price equal to 120 percent of the volume-weighted average price of the company's share during the period of ten trading days falling immediately before the offer for subscription of the warrants (the ""VWAP"")  in any case not less than the quota value of the share. The exercise price thus calculated shall be rounded off to the nearest whole SEK 0.10   whereupon SEK 0.05 shall be rounded downwards. In accordance with customary conditions  the number of shares that each warrant entitles to will be recalculated should the company resolve on a share split  consolidation of shares  issue  etc. If the volume-weighted average price of the company's share during the period of ten trading days falling immediately before each exercise period (as described below) exceeds 170 percent of VWAP  the exercise price shall be increased with an amount corresponding to the part of such average price exceeding 170 percent of VWAP. Thereby  the participant's maximum outcome in the programme is capped. Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new share in Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ) during either (i) the two-week period following publication of the third interim report of 2025 or (ii) the two-week period following the fourth interim report of 2025 (entailing a vesting period of at least three years). The price per warrant upon transfer to the participants shall be established by an independent appraiser or auditor firm retained by the company and correspond to the market value of the warrant calculated in accordance with the Black-Scholes valuation model. The full terms and conditions for the warrants have been resolved by the board of directors and are set out in the complete proposal which is provided in accordance with below. The exercise price and number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscribe for may be subject to adjustments as set forth in section 7 of the terms and conditions of the warrants. A company within the Nordic Paper group shall  in connection with transfer of the warrants to the participants in the program  and with certain exceptions  reserve a pre-emption right regarding the warrants if the participant's employment or assignment within the group is terminated or if the participant wishes to transfer its warrants prior to the warrants being exercisable. The board of directors shall be able to cancel warrants that have not been transferred to participants or that have been repurchased from participants. Allocation of warrants Not more than 9 senior executives within Nordic Paper shall  provided that they have entered into a pre-emption agreement with a company within the Nordic Paper group  be entitled to acquire warrants. The maximum number of warrants per participant in the program follows from the table below. Category Maximum number of warrants per person Maximum total number of warrants per category CEO 140 000 140 000 Other senior executives(8 persons) 74 000 460 000 Maximum number of warrants in total 600 000 Costs etc. The total cost for the company for the incentive programme  including the cost for the subsidy described below  is limited and is estimated not to exceed SEK 1 150 000 during the term of the program. The warrants will be transferred at market value and  therefore  no social security contributions are to be paid by the group in relation to the issue of the warrants. The company will partly subsidize the participant's acquisition of warrants. The subsidy shall be paid at the end of the program. The subsidy to each participant shall correspond to 50 percent of the participant's investment net after taxes. The total cost for the subsidy  based on a warrant value of SEK 1.11 and an estimated marginal tax of 55 percent  is calculated to amount up to approximately SEK 900 000 for the entire term of the warrant programme of three years  including social security contributions. The warrant value has been estimated based on the Black-Scholes valuation formulae and an assumed price per share of SEK 35.25   a risk-free interest rate of 0 percent and a volatility of 23 percent. In order to be eligible for the subsidy  with some exceptions  the participant shall  at the time of the payment of the bonus  be employed by the company and remain employed in the company until the warrants can be exercised and not have transferred the participants' warrants prior to when the warrants can be exercised. The incentive programme is only expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key ratios. Dilution Based on the number of shares in Nordic Paper of the date of the notice to the annual general meeting  the dilution effect of the warrant program will amount to approximately 0.89 percent. The company does not have previous outstanding incentive programmes. The rationale for the incentive programme The rationale for the incentive programme is to create opportunities to motivate and retain senior executives within Nordic Paper . The incentive programme has been established as it is deemed desirable for senior executives within Nordic Paper to also be shareholders of the company. The board of directors considers that an incentive programme as described above is positive for the company and the shareholders in the company. Preparation of the proposal The incentive programme has been prepared by the board of directors in consultation with external advisors. In addition  the proposal has been prepared by the board of directors' remuneration committee and has been reviewed at meetings of the board of directors during the spring of 2022. Majority requirements A valid resolution in accordance with the proposal above requires approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting. Item 18: Resolution on authorisation to the board of directors to decide on the issuance of new shares The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the board of directors to  up and until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without preferential rights for existing shareholders  resolve on the issue of new shares  comprising a total of not more than 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company as at the time of the annual general meeting's resolution to approve the proposed authorization. It shall also be possible to make such an issue resolution stipulating inkind payment  the right to offset debt or other conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph item 6 in the Swedish Companies Act. The purpose of the authorisation is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the acting scope of the board of directors. Should the board of directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the reason for this must be to finance acquisitions of companies or operations. Upon such deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions. The board of directors  or any person appointed by it  shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments to the resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB . Number of shares and votes As of the date of this notice there are in total 66 908 800 shares and votes in the Company. The Company does not hold any own shares as of the date of this notice. Majority requirements A valid resolution in accordance with item 18 above requires approval of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting. A valid resolution in accordance with item 17 above requires approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting. Shareholders' right to obtain information The shareholders are reminded of their right to obtain information from the board of directors and the CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Complete proposals etc. The annual report and the auditor's report  the remuneration report  the complete proposals from the board of directors and the auditor's and the board of directors' statements according to the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at the Company's office on Tullhusgatan 1B  SE-652 26 Karlstad  Sweden   as well as on the Company's website  www.nordic-paper.com  no later than three weeks before the annual general meeting. Further  the nomination committee's complete proposals and motivated statement will be available on the address stated above as well as on the website at least four weeks before the annual general meeting. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their postal address. Processing of personal data More information regarding the processing of your personal data is available in Euroclear's privacy notice that is available at Euroclear's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. _________________________Karlstad  April 2022 Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ) The board of directors Nordic Paper is a leading specialty paper producer with its base in Scandinavia. We have been manufacturing top-quality kraft papers and natural greaseproof papers since the 19th century. Our products are based on renewable raw material from local forests. From our five paper mills  four in Scandinavia and one in Canada   we supply customers in more than 70 countries. Nordic Paper had in 2021 net sales of approximately SEK 3 100m   about 690 employees and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. www.nordic-paper.com https://news.cision.com/nordic-paper/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-nordic-paper-holding-ab--publ- c3544669 https://mb.cision.com/Main/13472/3544669/1563199.pdf (c) 2022 Cision. All rights reserved.  source Press Releases - English All news about NORDIC PAPER HOLDING AB (PUBL) 01:31a Notice of annual general meeting in Nordic Paper Holding AB (publ) AQ 01/28 TRANSCRIPT : Nordic Paper Holding AB  2021 Earnings Call  Jan 28  2022 CI 01/28 Nordic Paper Year-end report January - December 2021 AQ 01/28 Nordic Paper Holding AB Reports Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year E.. CI 01/28 Nordic Paper Holding AB Proposes Dividend CI 01/20 Invitation to presentation of Nordic Paper's year-end report 2021 AQ 01/02 Nordic Paper Acquires Glassine Canada For $73 Million MT 2021 Nordic Paper completes acquisition of Glassine Canada Inc. AQ 2021 NORDIC PAPER HOLDING AB (OM : NPAPER) completed the acquisition of Glassine Canada Inc fro.. CI 2021 Nordic Paper To Purchase Glassine Canada For Up To $71 Million MT",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.01,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Nordic Paper Holding AB', 'annual general meeting', 'Notice', 'Nordic Paper Holding AB', 'annual general meeting', 'Värmland county', 'Värmlands Museum', 'maximum two assistants', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'multiple email addresses', 'corporate registration number', 'advance voting form', 'euroclear.com', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'share register', 'natural persons', 'BankID verification', 'telephone number', 'accompanying assistant', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'populated form', 'advance vote', 'First name', 'state name', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Karlstad municipality', 'proxy form', 'Thursday 19 May', 'equivalent certificate', 'dated proxy', 'votes', '11 May', '13 May', '18 May', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'office', 'Sandgrundsudden', 'venue', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'AGM', 'Box', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'webpage', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'personal', 'representative', 'nordic-paper', 'authority', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notification', 'entirety', 'nordicpaper', 'incorporation', 'extent', 'sub', '12.30']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,marketscreener.com
2707,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CS-GROUP-5117/news/CS-unleashes-the-power-of-Epic-Games-Unreal-Engine-5-to-its-Inscape-VTS-users-40029639/,CS : unleashes the power of Epic Games' Unreal Engine 5 to its Inscape VTS users,11 hours ago,"More advanced real-time 3D creation for more engaging Virtual Training Systems.With the recent release of Unreal Engine 5.0  CS GROUP has announced that Inscape VTS will fully leverage Epic Games' state-of-the-art real-time 3D tool in its WYSIWYG editor  enabling subject-matter experts to build virtual training content without programming  and to develop custom applications for students and instructors alike.Unreal Engine is the most trusted 3D creation tool  used to deliver cutting-edge content  interactive experiences and immersive virtual worlds. Inscape VTS is a leading solution for creating Virtual Training systems  and now together with Unreal will:● push graphic boundaries in the simulation industry with photoreal-visuals ● enable real-time CAD processing and rendering ● support most VR  AR and mobile devices on the market ● simplify the customisation of Virtual Training Systems.Greater productivity  enhanced capability  and more flexibility - this is the all-encompassing promise made to Inscape VTS users.""This is a massive leap forward in developing stunning simulation-based Virtual Maintenance Trainers and Virtual Task Trainers  delivering a more realistic and immersive experience to our customers with the power of Unreal Engine 5"" said CS GROUP  Head of Pre-sales Department  Frederic ROUAS.About CS GROUPCS GROUP is a major actor in the design  integration and operation of intelligent & cyber-protected mission-critical systems. CS GROUP is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment C (Shares: Euroclear 7896 / ISIN FR 0007317813).Press relationsBarbara GOARANT - Phone: +33 (0)1 41 28 46 94 - barbara.goarant@csgroup.eu",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"[""Epic Games' Unreal Engine"", 'Inscape VTS users', 'CS', 'power', 'stunning simulation-based Virtual Maintenance Trainers', 'trusted 3D creation tool', 'advanced real-time 3D creation', 'art real-time 3D tool', 'engaging Virtual Training Systems', 'Virtual Task Trainers', 'real-time CAD processing', 'cyber-protected mission-critical systems', 'virtual training content', 'most VR, AR', 'immersive virtual worlds', 'Inscape VTS users', 'cutting-edge content', 'immersive experience', 'recent release', 'Unreal Engine', 'CS GROUP', 'WYSIWYG editor', 'subject-matter experts', 'custom applications', 'interactive experiences', 'leading solution', 'Unreal will', 'graphic boundaries', 'simulation industry', 'mobile devices', 'Greater productivity', 'encompassing promise', 'massive leap', 'Pre-sales Department', 'Frederic ROUAS', 'major actor', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment C', 'Press relations', 'Barbara GOARANT', 'state', 'programming', 'students', 'instructors', 'photoreal-visuals', 'rendering', 'market', 'customisation', 'enhanced', 'capability', 'flexibility', 'realistic', 'customers', 'power', 'Head', 'design', 'integration', 'operation', 'intelligent', 'Shares', 'ISIN', 'Phone', 'csgroup', '1']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,marketscreener.com
2708,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/Notice+of+The+Extraordinary+General+Meeting+of+WithSecure+Corporation/19906516.html,Notice of The Extraordinary General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation,44 mins ago,WithSecure Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  12 April 2022 at 23:00 EESTNotice of The Extraordinary General Meeting of WithSecure CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of WithSecure Corporation to the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company to be held on Tuesday  31 May 2022  starting at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the Company’s headquarters at Tammasaarenkatu 7  Helsinki  Finland. The Company’s shareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. Instructions for the shareholders are provided in this notice in section C Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting.The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the so-called temporary act which came into force on 8 May 2021 in order to take into account the health and safety of the shareholders  employees and other stakeholders of the Company.It will not be possible to participate in the General Meeting in person at the meeting venue.If a shareholder wishes to submit questions to the Company’s management  such questions to the General Meeting referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act need to be submitted in advance as further described below in section 5  Other instructions and information  of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney Merja Kivelä will serve as chairman of the meeting. In the event Merja Kivelä is prevented from serving as the chairman  the Board of Directors will appoint the person they deem the most suitable to serve as the chairman.3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Company’s Chief Legal Officer Tiina Sarhimaa will scrutinise the minutes and supervise the counting of votes. In the event Tiina Sarhimaa is prevented from scrutinising the minutes and supervising the counting of votes  the Board of Directors will appoint the person they deem the most suitable to scrutinise the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and who are entitled to participate in the General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6 a of the Limited Liability Companies Act will be deemed shareholders participating in the meeting.The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Oy and Innovatics Ltd.6. Resolution on the partial demergerOn 17 February 2022  WithSecure Corporation announced the partial demerger of the Company and the separation of its consumer security business. The Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation signed on 17 February 2022 the demerger plan  which was registered with the Finnish Trade Register on 18 February 2022.The purpose of the demerger is to carry out the separation of the Company’s consumer security business to an independent group of companies by way of a partial demerger  whereby all the assets and liabilities related to the consumer security business will transfer without a liquidation procedure to a new company to be incorporated in the partial demerger  F-Secure Corporation  upon the completion of registration of the demerger (Effective Date)  as set forth in the demerger plan. After the Effective Date of the demerger  the Company will continue conducting its corporate security business. The intended Effective Date for the demerger is 30 June 2022. The Effective Date may change as set forth in the demerger plan.The Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation considers that the demerger will  among other things  enable WithSecure Corporation and F-Secure Corporation to better serve and meet the specific needs of their respective customers and partners  with different business dynamics overall in consumer security and corporate security businesses. The demerger will also enable WithSecure Corporation and F-Secure Corporation to improve focus on developing their respective operations more efficiently  investing in specific expertise  technology  and innovation  clarifying the structure  management  and financing of their current operations as well as the investment options and equity stories with different value creation profiles. In addition  this clearer focus due to demerger will  in the long term  increase opportunities to optimise operational efficiency and value creation for both WithSecure Corporation and F-Secure Corporation providing both companies with a better way to capture growth opportunities and increase competitiveness through specialisation.In order to complete the demerger  the Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation proposes that the General Meeting resolves (i) to approve the demerger plan dated 17 February 2022 and the partial demerger of WithSecure Corporation in accordance with the demerger plan and (ii) on certain other related matters.Certain shareholders of WithSecure Corporation  Risto Siilasmaa  Mandatum Life Insurance Company  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Kaleva Mutual Insurance Company  holding together in the aggregate approximately 47 6 percent of the shares and votes in the Company  have  subject to certain customary conditions  irrevocably undertaken to attend the General Meeting and vote in favour of the demerger with all the shares they hold on the record date.The proposed resolutions under this item 6. form an entirety that requires the adoption of all its individual items by a single resolution.The General Meeting can only approve or reject the proposed resolutions but cannot alter the demerger plan.a. Partial demergerFor the completion of the demerger  the Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation proposes that the General Meeting resolves to approve the demerger plan  approved and signed on 17 February 2022 by the Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation  and resolves to approve the partial demerger  whereby all the assets and liabilities related to the consumer security business of WithSecure Corporation will transfer without liquidation procedure to a new company to be incorporated in the partial demerger  F-Secure Corporation  on the Effective Date of the demerger  in accordance with the demerger plan.In addition  the proposed Articles of Association of F-Secure Corporation as appended to the demerger plan  are proposed to be approved as a part of the resolution on the partial demerger.b. Amendment of the Articles of Association of WithSecure CorporationIn connection with the demerger  the Articles 2 and 8 of WithSecure Corporation’s Articles of Association are proposed to be amended as follows:2 Line of businessThe company’s line of business is to design  manufacture  publish and provide products  including without limitation hardware and software products  and services  including without limitation managed services and consultation  relating in each case to information technology and cyber security  and to carry out import and export of any of the above or any equipment related to any of the above. The company may also trade in securities.8 AuditorThe company has an auditor that must be an audit firm as defined in the Finnish Auditing Act. The term of office of the auditor expires at the end of the first annual general meeting following the election.The amendment of the Articles of Association of WithSecure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the amendment will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.c. Demerger considerationThe shareholders of WithSecure Corporation will receive as demerger consideration one new share in F-Secure Corporation for each share they hold in WithSecure Corporation on the Effective Date of the demerger. Based on the number of issued and outstanding shares in WithSecure Corporation on the date of this notice  there are a total of 174 598 739 shares in the Company  of which a total of 71 795 are treasury shares. According to the situation on the date of this notice  the total number of shares in F-Secure Corporation to be issued as demerger consideration would therefore be 174 526 944 shares.The shares in F-Secure Corporation will be applied for to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki.For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be distributed automatically through the book-entry securities system  and no action is required from the shareholders of WithSecure Corporation.d. Reduction of the share capital and dissolution of the share premium reserve of WithSecure CorporationIn connection with the demerger  the share capital of WithSecure Corporation is proposed to be reduced by EUR 1 471 311.18  i.e.  to EUR 80 000. The amount by which the share capital of WithSecure Corporation is reduced shall be used to transfer funds to F-Secure Corporation.Further  the Company’s share premium reserve of EUR 164 543.23 is proposed to be dissolved.The decrease of WithSecure Corporation’s net book assets caused by the demerger  insofar as it exceeds the above-mentioned reduction of share capital and dissolving the share premium fund  shall be recorded as a decrease in its retained earnings  as set forth in the demerger plan.The reduction of the share capital and dissolution of the share premium reserve of WithSecure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the reduction of the share capital and dissolution of the share premium reserve will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.e. Authorising the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation to decide on the repurchase of F-Secure Corporation’s own sharesThe Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation is proposed to be authorised to decide upon the repurchase of a maximum of 15 000 000 of F-Secure Corporation’s own shares in total in one or several tranches and with F-Secure Corporation’s unrestricted equity.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation to decide on the repurchase also in deviation from the proportional holdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorisation comprises the repurchase of shares either in the public trading or otherwise in the market on the trading price determined for the shares in public trading on the date of purchase  or with a purchase offer to the shareholders in which case the repurchase price must be the same for all shareholders. F-Secure Corporation’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to F-Secure Corporation’s business  for optimizing the company’s capital structure  as part of the implementation of the company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation to decide on all other terms related to the repurchase of the company’s own shares.The authorisation is proposed to be valid until the conclusion of the first Annual General Meeting of F-Secure Corporation following the Effective Date of the demerger as set forth in the demerger plan  in any case until no later than 30 June 2023.For the sake of clarity  the resolution on the authorisation to the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation to decide on the repurchase of F-Secure Corporation’s own share is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the Board of Directors may decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares pursuant to this authorisation after the registration of the completion of the demerger.f. Authorising the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation is proposed to be authorised to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 15 000 000 shares in total through a share issue as well as by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by F-Secure Corporation.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation to decide on all terms related to the share issue as well as the issuance of options or other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used for carrying out potential acquisitions or other arrangements  shares-based incentive programs or otherwise for purposes decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation is also entitled to decide on the sale of treasury shares on a regulated market on Nasdaq Helsinki in accordance with its rules and guidelines.The authorisation is proposed to be valid until the conclusion of the first Annual General Meeting of F-Secure Corporation following the effective date of the demerger as set forth in the demerger plan  in any case until no later than 30 June 2023.For the sake of clarity  the resolution on the authorisation to the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option and other special rights entitling to shares is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation may decide on the issuance of shares or issuance of options or other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to this authorisation after the registration of the completion of the demerger.7. Handling of the remuneration policy for governing bodies of F-Secure CorporationThe remuneration policy for governing bodies of F-Secure Corporation shall be published as appendix to the stock exchange release concerning this notice and shall be available on the Company’s website. The resolution of the General Meeting on the remuneration policy is advisory.The resolution on the remuneration policy for the governing bodies of F-Secure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the resolution will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.8. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure CorporationThe Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation be six (6).The resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the resolution will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.9. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure CorporationThe Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the remuneration for the term of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation shall be paid as follows: EUR 80 000 for the Chairperson of the Board of Directors  EUR 48 000 for the Committee Chairpersons  EUR 38 000 for the members of the Board of Directors  and EUR 12 667 for the member of the Board of Directors employed by F-Secure Corporation.Further  the Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that approximately 40% the remuneration be paid as shares in F-Secure Corporation repurchased from the market and that F-Secure Corporation pay any transfer tax levied on the repurchase of shares. F-Secure Corporation will repurchase the shares or transfer shares held by F-Secure Corporation as treasury shares in the name and on behalf of the members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation. The travel expenses and other costs of the members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation directly related to board work are paid in accordance with the F-Secure Corporation’s compensation policy in force from time to time. Each member of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation is paid a predetermined travel fee in addition to travel expenses for meetings held outside their country of residence in accordance with F-Secure Corporation’s travel policy in force from time to time.The proposal for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation covers the participation in and support actions required for the preparation of the demerger by the proposed members of the Board of Directors for the period preceding the registration of the completion of the demerger.For the sake of clarity  F-Secure Corporation will be responsible for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation.The resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the resolution will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.10. Election of members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure CorporationThe Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that Pertti Ervi  Thomas Jul  Madeleine Lassoued  Risto Siilasmaa  Petra Teräsaho and Calvin Gan  who belongs to the personnel of F-Secure Corporation  are to be elected as ordinary members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation. All the proposed members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to the position.The resolution on the election of the members of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the resolution will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor of F-Secure CorporationThe Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the remuneration to the Auditor of F-Secure Corporation be paid in accordance with the approved invoice.The resolution on the remuneration of the auditor of F-Secure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the resolution will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.12. Election of the Auditor of F-Secure CorporationThe Board of Directors of WithSecure Corporation proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as Auditor of F-Secure Corporation. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Mr Janne Rajalahti  APA  will act as the Responsible Auditor.The resolution on the election of the auditor of F-Secure Corporation is conditional upon the implementation of the demerger  i.e.  the resolution will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger on the Effective Date.13. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice will be published on the Company website  in addition to which it will be sent by mail to each shareholder whose address is known to the Company. The demerger plan  the remuneration policy of F-Secure Corporation and this notice that includes all the proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting are available on WithSecure Corporation’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Other documents that shall be kept available for the shareholders according to the Limited Liability Companies Act will be available on the said website as of Tuesday  12 April 2022. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to the shareholders upon request.WithSecure Corporation will draft a prospectus on the demerger that will be published and made available on the above-mentioned website before the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on Tuesday  14 June 2022.C. Instructions for the participants in the General MeetingIn order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the General Meeting will be organised so that the shareholders or their proxy representative are not allowed to participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue. The Company’s shareholders can participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights only in advance in accordance with the instructions set out below. Proxy representatives must also vote in advance in the manner described below.1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on Wednesday  18 May 2022  the record date of the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. The shareholder can participate in the General Meeting only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance as described below.2. Notification of participation and voting in advanceNotification of participation may be submitted as of  and advance voting will begin at 4:00 p.m. (EET) on Tuesday  26 April 2022 following the end of the deadline for submitting counterproposals to be put up for a vote. A shareholder who wishes to participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance must register for the General Meeting and vote in advance no later than by Monday  23 May 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the notice of participation and advance votes must be received.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth and contact details  must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to WithSecure Corporation or Innovatics Ltd by shareholders will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can submit the notice of participation and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting between 4:00 p.m. (EET) on Tuesday  26 April 2022 and 4:00 p.m. (EET) on Monday  23 May 2022 in the following ways:a) Online through the Company’s website https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governanceElectronic registration and advance voting require that the shareholder or its statutory representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By mail or emailA shareholder voting in advance by mail or email must send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to the address egm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder participates in the meeting by sending the votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd so that they are received before the end of the time limit of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s notice of participation includes the information required for registration that is mentioned on the advance voting form.The voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at the address https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Additional information is also available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the time reserved for the notice of participation and advance voting between 9:00 a.m. (EET) and 12:00 noon and 1:00 and 4:00 p.m. (EET) on weekdays.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise the shareholder rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative may only participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance in the manner instructed in this notice. The proxy representative must personally identify themselves in the electronic identification service and for advance voting using strong identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate such representative’s right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. A statutory representation right can be demonstrated by utilising the suomi.fi e-Authorisations service used in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates are available on the Company’s website at the address https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance at the latest on Tuesday  26 April 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) following the end of the deadline for submitting counterproposals to be put up for a vote. Proxy documents are to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to the address egm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the notification of participation period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. WithSecure Corporation may  if it so wishes  demand original proxy documents if regarded necessary by the Company.Only delivering proxy documents to the Company or Innovatics Oy does not result in the shareholder’s advance votes being taken into account. The successful registration of a shareholder and the shareholder’s advance votes also requires that the proxy representative registers and votes in advance on behalf of the shareholder in the manner set out in this notice.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to follow the instructions of such holder’s custodian bank regarding proxies as described in section 4. Holder of nominee registered shares below. If a holder of nominee registered shares wishes to be represented by some other person than such holder’s custodian  the representative must provide Innovatics Ltd a dated proxy demonstrating the right to represent the shareholder.4. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  Wednesday  18 May 2022  is entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate requires that the holder of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by Thursday  26 May 2022 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Further information is available on the Company’s website at the address https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one-hundredth of all the shares in the Company have the right to make counterproposals on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting to be put up for a vote. Such counterproposals are required to be sent to the Company by email to investor-relations@f-secure.com no later than on Monday  25 April 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). In connection with making a counterproposal  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of their shareholding. The counterproposal will be put up for a vote in the General Meeting subject to the shareholder having the right to participate in the General Meeting and holding at least one-hundredth of all shares in the Company on the record date of the General Meeting. Should the counterproposal not be put up for a vote at the General Meeting  advance votes in favour of the proposal will not be taken into account. The Company will at the latest on Tuesday  26 April 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) publish any counterproposals that may be voted on  on its website at the address https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.Shareholders are requested to note that agenda item 6. is not open to counterproposals.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting. Such questions may be delivered in the electronic registration service or by email to investor-relations@withsecure.com or by mail to the address WithSecure Corporation/General Meeting  Tammasaarenkatu 7  FI-00180 Helsinki  Finland no later than on Monday  16 May 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the questions must have been received. Such questions from shareholders  the Company’s management’s answers to them  and any counterproposals that have not been put up for a vote will be available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance at the latest on Thursday  19 May 2022. Shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of their shareholding in connection with submitting questions.On the date of this notice  Tuesday  12 April 2022  the total number of shares in WithSecure Corporation is 174 598 739 shares  which represent an equal number of votes. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 71 795 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Limited Liability Companies Act  treasury shares do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.In Helsinki  12 April 2022WITHSECURE CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsContact information:Tiina Sarhimaa  Chief Legal Officer  WithSecure Corporation+358 50 561 0080investor-relations@withsecure.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.03,0.28,0.69,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Notice', 'The', 'Chief Legal Officer Tiina Sarhimaa', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'different value creation profiles', 'different business dynamics', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'corporate security business', 'consumer security business', 'Attorney Merja Kivelä', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'advance voting period', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The Effective Date', 'temporary act', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'other stakeholders', 'Innovatics Ltd', 'independent group', 'liquidation procedure', 'F-Secure Corporation', 'other things', 'specific needs', 'respective customers', 'respective operations', 'specific expertise', 'current operations', 'investment options', 'equity stories', 'long term', 'operational efficiency', 'meeting venue', 'partial demerger', 'demerger plan', 'shareholder rights', 'A. Matters', 'clearer focus', 'growth opportunities', 'section C', 'Other instructions', 'The Company', 'new company', '10:00 a', 'April', '23:00 EEST', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'headquarters', 'Tammasaarenkatu', 'Helsinki', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'participants', 'Board', 'Directors', 'force', 'order', 'account', 'health', 'safety', 'employees', 'person', 'management', 'chapter', 'information', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'event', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'accordance', 'Sections', 'Resolution', '17 February', 'separation', '18 February', 'purpose', 'way', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'completion', 'registration', '30 June', 'partners', 'technology', 'innovation', 'structure', 'financing', 'addition', 'competitiveness', 'specialisation']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,streetinsider.com
2709,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NELLY-GROUP-AB-PUBL-7478879/news/Nelly-Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting2022-04-12-Regulatory-press-release-40036433/,Nelly : Notice of the Annual General Meeting2022-04-12 - Regulatory press release,2 hours ago,"The shareholders of Nelly Group AB (publ)  reg. no. 556035-6940  (""Nelly Group"") are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 12 May 2022. The Board has decided that the Annual General Meeting is to be held only through postal voting in accordance with temporary legislation. It will not be possible for shareholders to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by way of a proxy holder. Information on the resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting will be disclosed on Thursday 12 May 2022  as soon as the outcome of the postal voting has been finally confirmed.The notice  including the Board's and the Nomination Committee's complete proposals to the Annual General Meeting  is attached to this press release. The notice is also available on the company's website www.nellygroup.com.PARTICIPATIONShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall be recorded as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday 4 May 2022  and give notice to participate no later than Wednesday 11 May 2022 by casting their postal vote as instructed under the heading ""Postal voting"" below  so that the postal vote is received by Computershare AB no later than that day.To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders whose shares are registered in the names of nominees must  in addition to giving notice of participation by casting their postal vote  re-register such shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the presentation of the share register as of Wednesday 4 May 2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (voting rights registration) and can be requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations effected by the nominee no later than Friday 6 May 2022 will be considered in the presentation of the share register.POSTAL VOTINGA special form shall be used for postal voting. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.nellygroup.com.The completed postal voting form must be received by Computershare AB (administering the forms on behalf of Nelly Group) no later than Wednesday 11 May 2022. The form may be submitted either by email to info@computershare.se or by post to Computershare AB  ""Nelly Group AGM 2022""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes digitally through BankID verification. Link to digital posting can be found on the company's website www.nellygroup.com. If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. A template proxy form is available on the company's website www.nellygroup.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be enclosed with the form. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.PROPOSED AGENDA",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting2022', 'Regulatory press release', 'Nelly', 'Notice', 'Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Nelly Group AGM', 'Nelly Group AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'template proxy form', 'postal voting form', 'special form', 'postal vote', 'Computershare AB', 'Thursday 12 May', 'temporary legislation', 'proxy holder', 'Nomination Committee', 'complete proposals', 'press release', 'share register', 'Wednesday 4 May', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Such re-registration', 'Friday 6 May', 'BankID verification', 'digital posting', 'legal entity', 'registration certificate', 'corresponding document', 'Further instructions', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'reg.', 'notice', 'Board', 'accordance', 'person', 'way', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'outcome', 'company', 'website', 'nellygroup', 'PARTICIPATION', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'heading', 'shares', 'names', 'nominees', 'addition', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'forms', 'behalf', 'email', 'Stockholm', 'Link', 'power', 'attorney', 'copy', 'conditions']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,marketscreener.com
2710,Euroclear,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/resolutions-marimekko-corporation-annual-general-122000115.html,Resolutions of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and the Board of Directors’ constitutive meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  12 April 2022 at 3.20 p.m. Resolutions of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and the Board of Directors’ constitutive meeting At Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting ,Marimekko OyjMarimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  12 April 2022 at 3.20 p.m.Resolutions of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and the Board of Directors’ constitutive meetingAt Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting  held today  and at the subsequent constitutive meeting of the Board of Directors  the following resolutions were passed.A. RESOLUTIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAdoption of the financial statementsMarimekko Corporation’s income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and balance sheet for 2021 were adopted.Payment of dividendThe AGM approved the Board of Directors’ proposal to distribute a regular dividend of EUR 1.60 per share plus an extraordinary dividend of EUR 2.00 per share be paid for the financial year 2021  adding up to a total of EUR 3.60 per share. The dividend will be paid on 25 April 2022 to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 14 April 2022 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The new shares issued in the share issue without payment decided upon in the AGM will not entitle their holders to the dividend decided upon in the AGM.Discharge from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company were discharged from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2021.Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe AGM adopted the remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.Remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the annual remuneration payable to the members of the Board be as follows: EUR 48 000 to the Chair  EUR 35 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 26 000 to the other Board members. It was further resolved that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to the Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees payable to the members of the Board are unchanged from 2021.In accordance with the resolution by the AGM  approximately 40% of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors will be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares will be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2022 or if this is not possible due to insider rules  as soon as possible thereafter. The annual remuneration will be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  12 April 2022  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the company’s Board of Directors consist of six members. Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Tomoki Takebayashi were re-elected to the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki and Marianne Vikkula were elected as new members of the Board of Directors. The Board’s term of office ends at the conclusion of the next AGM.Election and remuneration of the auditorIt was decided to re-elect KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  as the company’s auditor. Heli Tuuri  Authorized Public Accountant  acts as the auditor with principal responsibility. It was also resolved that the auditor’s fee will be paid as per invoice approved by the company.Issuance of shares without payment (share split)The AGM decided that in order to enhance the liquidity of the company’s shares  new shares shall be issued to the shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that four (4) new shares are issued for each share (split). In addition  in the share issue without payment  new shares will similarly be issued without payment to the company on the basis of treasury shares held by the company. In total  32 519 336 new shares will be issued. The shares shall be issued to the shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the share issue of 14 April 2022. The share issue without payment shall be executed in the book-entry system and will not require any actions by the shareholders. The new shares will generate shareholder rights since they have been registered in the trade register  which is estimated to be on 14 April 2022. The registration of the new shares in the shareholders’ book-entry accounts is planned to occur on 19 April 2022.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 150 000 of the company’s own shares  in one or more instalments. The number of shares takes into account the effects of the share issue without payment as decided by the AGM. The maximum number of shares represents approximately 0.4% of the total number of the company’s shares after the new shares to be issued in share issue have been registered. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive compensation program  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is valid until 12 October 2023  and it supersedes the authorization granted by the 2021 AGM.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 250 000 new or treasury shares. The number of shares takes into account the effects of the share issue without payment as decided by the AGM. The number of shares represents approximately 0.6% of the total number of the company’s shares after the new shares to be issued in share issue have been registered. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive compensation plan  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is valid until 12 October 2023  and it supersedes the authorization granted by the 2021 AGM.B. RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ CONSTITUTIVE MEETINGFrom among its members  the Board of Directors elected Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board. The Board also elected Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Marianne Vilkkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee. All members of the committee are independent of the company and its significant shareholders.C. MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website at company.marimekko.com under Investors/Management/General Meeting as of 26 April 2022 at the latest.MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONCorporate CommunicationsAnna TuominenTel. +358 40 5846944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaStory continuesMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2021  the company's net sales were EUR 152 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 376 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 410 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.07,0.86,0.07,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ constitutive meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'dividend payout record date', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Teemu Kangas-Kärki', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'subsequent constitutive meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'consolidated income statement', 'Annual General Meeting', 'shareholders’ book-entry accounts', 'Directors’ constitutive meeting', 'four (4) new shares', 'other Board members', 'book-entry system', 'annual remuneration', 'Marimekko Oyj', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'insider rules', 'Carol Chen', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen', 'Tomoki Takebayashi', 'Marianne Vikkula', 'Heli Tuuri', 'principal responsibility', 'shareholder rights', 'trade register', 'regular dividend', 'extraordinary dividend', 'remuneration report', 'separate remuneration', 'following resolutions', 'A. RESOLUTIONS', 'share issue', 'new members', '32,519,336 new shares', 'advisory resolution', 'committee work', 'six members', 'next AGM', 'shareholders’ register', 'treasury shares', 'Vice Chair', 'The AGM', 'Directors’ proposal', 'maximum number', 'share split', 'The Board', 'total number', 'April', 'Adoption', 'Payment', 'company', 'behalf', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'CEO', 'December', 'persons', 'fees', 'accordance', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '1 January', '31 March', 'term', 'office', 'conclusion', 'Election', 'auditor', 'invoice', 'Issuance', 'order', 'liquidity', 'proportion', 'holdings', 'addition', 'basis', 'actions', 'registration', 'Authorization', 'acquisition', 'one', 'instalments', 'effects', '3.20', '2021']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,nz.finance.yahoo.com
2711,Euroclear,Bing API,https://sports.yahoo.com/notice-annual-general-meeting-promore-073000946.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting Promore Pharma AB (publ),STOCKHOLM  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 12  2022 / Promore Pharma (STO:PROMO)(FRA:8T0)The Annual General Meeting of Promore Pharma AB (publ) will be held on Tuesday  17 May 2022 at 2 pm  in the premises of Wennergren Center ,"STOCKHOLM  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 12  2022 / Promore Pharma (STO:PROMO)(FRA:8T0)The Annual General Meeting of Promore Pharma AB (publ) will be held on Tuesday  17 May 2022 at 2 pm  in the premises of Wennergren Center  Biblioteket  floor 24  Sveavägen 166  in Stockholm. Registration begins at 1 pm.Unofficial English translation for information purposes only. If there are differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text will take precedence.RIGHT TO ATTEND AND NOTIFICATION OF THE COMPANYAnyone wishing to attend the meeting must(i) be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 9 May 2022  and(ii) give notice to the company of its intention to attend no later than 11 May 2022.Notification of attendance may be given in writing to the company by e-mail to shareholders@promorepharma.com or by mail to Promore Pharma AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  Karolinska Institutet Science Park  Fogdevreten 2  SE-171 65 Solna  Sweden or by telephone on +46-(0)8-124 548 59. When giving notification  please state your name or company name  personal ID or company registration number  address  and daytime telephone number as well as the number of advisors.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to attend the meeting  holders of nominee registered shares must instruct the nominee to have the shares registered in the holder's own name  so that the holder is entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 9 May 2022. Registration in this way may be temporary. Request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee not later than 11 May 2022 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXY AND PROXY FORMAnyone who does not attend the meeting in person may exercise its right at the meeting via a proxy in possession of a written  signed and dated form of proxy. The form of proxy may be obtained from the company and it is also available on the company's website: www.promorepharma.com at least three weeks immediately before the meeting. Representatives of a legal person must attach a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent documentary authority. To facilitate entry to the meeting  forms of proxy  registration certificates and other documentary authority must be received by the company at the above-stated address  in good time before the meeting.Story continuesPROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the meeting and election of Chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two people to approve the minutes Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  and also the group accounts and auditor's report for the group CEO's address Decisions on: a) adoption of the profit and loss account and balance sheet  and also the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet;b) allocation of the company's loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet andc) discharge from liability towards the company for the directors and the CEO Determination of the number of directors  alternate directors and auditor and alternate auditor Determination of the fees for the directors and for the auditor Election of directors  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and  when applicable  alternate directors and an alternate auditor Decision on new performance targets in incentive program (LTI 2020) Decision on authorisation to issue new shares  convertible instruments and warrants Closure of the meetingDECISIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe Nomination Committee for the AGM 2022 comprises the following members: Hans-Peter Ostler  representing ""Konsortiet"" (Chairman of the Nomination Committee)  Henric Rahm  representing PharmaResearch Co. Ltd.  David Sundin  representing Corespring New Technology AB and Göran Pettersson  Chairman of the Board in Promore Pharma AB (publ).Election of Chairman of the meeting (item 1)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Björnsson  Advokaterna Liman & Partners  be elected to chair the meeting.Determination of the number of directors  alternate directors and auditor and alternate auditor (item 9)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall be composed of five directors  with no alternates  for the period until the next AGM. The Nomination Committee proposes that the company will have one auditor and no alternate.Determination of the fees for the directors and for the auditor (item 10)The Nomination Committee proposes that the fees for the directors will be paid as follows. The Chairman of the Board will receive SEK 300 000 and the other directors will receive SEK 150 000 each.Fees will be paid to the auditor in accordance on current accounts.Election of directors  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and  when applicable  alternate directors and an alternate auditor (item 11)The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Marianne Dicander Alexandersson  Hans-Peter Ostler  Göran Linder and Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm. The Nomination Committee proposes a new election of Candice Jung. It is proposed that Marianne Dicander Alexandersson be elected Chairman of the Board. Satyendra Kumar and Göran Pettersson have declined re-election.Candice Jung was born in 1991 She holds a Ph.D. in Pharmacy from Northeastern University  Boston  USA. Candice Jung has previously held positions in marketing and business development at  amongst others  Johnson & Johnson and the South Korean pharmaceutical company Daewoong Pharmaceutical. She currently works as Head of the American Division of PharmaResearch Co. in Los Angeles. She holds no other board assignments.Information regarding the proposed directors is available on the company's website: www.promorepharma.com.The Nomination Committee proposes that the registered audit company Finnhammars Revisionsbyrå AB be re-appointed auditor. Finnhammars Revisionsbyrå AB has given notice that if the Nomination Committee's proposal for auditor is adopted at the meeting Per-Olov Strand will be the person appointed to have main responsibility for the audit.DECISIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARDDecision on the allocation of the company's loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet (item 8 b)The Board proposes that no dividend shall be paid  and that the company's accumulated loss shall be carried forward.Decision on new performance targets in incentive program (LTI 2020) (item 12)The Board proposes that the general meeting resolves to replace parts of the performance-based incentive program resolved by the annual general meeting on 26 May 2020  ""LTI 2020""  regarding three employees and contractors of the company  the ""Participants""  with respect to certain qualifying terms and conditions as set out below.After the qualifying period of three years  the Participants will  free of charge  receive allotment of warrants in the company  provided that certain qualifying terms and conditions are met  ""Performance Share Rights"". The Participants will earn the right to exercise 25 percent of the Performance Share Rights allotted to the Participants for the fulfilment of each of four established performance targets based on the company achieving certain milestones  the ""Performance Targets"".The Performance Targets established relating to PXL01 will be replaced with new Performance Targets. The new Performance Targets relating to PXL01 are attributable to the company's recruitment of patients to a clinical trial and the completion of the clinical trial.Besides the proposed amendments as set out above  it is proposed that LTI 2020 and thereto adhering delivery and hedging measures shall continue to apply unaffected.The Board's proposal for a resolutionWith reference to the above mentioned  the Board proposes that the general meeting resolves on new Performance Targets relating to PXL01 in LTI 2020.Majority requirementFor a decision in accordance with the Board's proposal on new Performance Targets to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders holding at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Decision on authorisation to issue new shares  convertible instruments  and warrants (item 13)The Board proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board to  for the period to the next AGM and on one or several occasions  issue shares  convertibles and warrants as follows.The Board will be authorised to decide on issues with or without pre-emption rights for the shareholders and/or with provisions of payment in kind  right of set-off and/or other conditions.The basis for the determination of the subscription price when disapplying from the shareholders' pre-emption rights will be the share's  the convertible's or the warrant's market value at the time of the respective issue  taking into account rebates in accordance with the market conditions  when applicable.The number of shares that the Board will be entitled to issue  the number of shares that convertibles may entitle to and the number of shares that may be subscribed for on account of warrants  will totally amount to no more than 12 142 787 new shares  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 20 per cent.The reason behind the proposal and the possibility of disapplication from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  is to allow flexibility in acquisitions or capital raisings.The Board  or its appointee  is authorised to make any minor adjustments to this decision deemed necessary to register the decision with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to other formal requirements.For a decision in accordance with the Board's proposal to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders holding at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.DOCUMENTSThe Board's and the Nomination Committee's complete proposals as well as accounting documents and the auditor's report will be available at the company and on the company's website www.promorepharma.com for at least three weeks immediately before the meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent immediately  and at no cost to the recipient  to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be available at the meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTSThe total number of shares in the company as of the date of this notice is 60 713 936 representing a total of 60 713 936 voting rights. As of that date the company does not own any of its own shares.INFORMATION AT THE MEETINGIf any shareholders so request and the Board considers it possible without material harm to the company  the Board and the CEO must provide information at the meeting on any circumstances that may influence determination of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may influence determination of the financial position of the company or its subsidiary  the group accounts and the company's relationship to another group company.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________Solna 12 April 2022Promore Pharma AB (publ)Board of DirectorsAttachmentsNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROMORE PHARMA AB (PUBL)SOURCE: Promore PharmaView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/697045/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-Promore-Pharma-AB-publ",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.24,0.47,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Promore Pharma AB', 'Notice', 'Karolinska Institutet Science Park', 'Corespring New Technology AB', 'The Nomination Committee propo', 'equivalent documentary authority', 'new performance targets', 'PharmaResearch Co. Ltd.', 'Göran Pettersson', 'Anders Björnsson', 'Promore Pharma AB', 'other documentary authority', 'Unofficial English translation', 'voting rights registration', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'daytime telephone number', 'alternate auditor Decision', 'new shares', 'company registration number', 'voting list', 'registration certificate', 'Wennergren Center', 'Sveavägen', 'information purposes', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'share register', 'personal ID', 'good time', 'two people', 'minutes Examination', 'annual report', 'group accounts', 'group CEO', 'incentive program', 'convertible instruments', 'following members', 'Hans-Peter Ostler', 'Henric Rahm', 'David Sundin', 'Advokaterna Liman', 'current accounts', 'other directors', 'dated form', 'loss account', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'legal person', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'next AGM', 'alternate directors', 'five directors', 'CEO Determination', 'one auditor', 'PROXY FORM', 'company name', 'AGM 2022', 'STOCKHOLM', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'FRA', 'publ', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Biblioteket', 'floor', 'differences', 'precedence', 'ATTEND', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Anyone', 'shareholder', 'notice', 'intention', 'writing', 'mail', 'promorepharma', 'Fogdevreten', '65 Solna', 'address', 'advisors', 'holders', 'way', 'Request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'preparation', 'possession', 'written', 'website', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'entry', 'forms', 'Story', 'Opening', 'election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Decisions', 'adoption', 'profit', 'allocation', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Board', 'LTI', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'Closure', 'Konsortiet', 'item', 'Partners', 'alternates', 'period', 'SEK', '1']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,sports.yahoo.com
2712,Euroclear,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-karolinska-060000311.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Karolinska Development AB (publ),The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Thursday May 12  2022  at 3:00 p.m.,Karolinska Development AB (publ)The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Thursday May 12  2022  at 3:00 p.m. (CET)  at Life City  Solnavägen 3  SE-113 63 Stockholm  Sweden.The Board of Directors has resolved that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association. Therefore  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  by postal voting or through a proxy.Participation in personA shareholder who would like to participate at the AGM in person must:both be entered in the register of the shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday May 4  2022.and give notice of his or her intention to participate to the Company no later than Friday May 6  2022 at the address Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden  or through email eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com. When giving notice to participate  please provide name  personal identity number or company registration number  telephone number and number of represented shares.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must:both be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Wednesday May 4  2022 and notify their intention to participate by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Karolinska Development no later than Friday May 6  2022.Shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association  referring to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.For advance voting  a special form must be used. Forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.The advance voting form is valid as notification of participation at the AGM.Story continuesThe completed advance voting form must be received by the Company no later than Friday May 6  2022. The completed form shall be sent to Karolinska Development by e-mail to eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com or by regular mail to Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the advance voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are provided in the form for advance voting.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the AGM in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the AGM’s secretariat prior to the opening of the AGM.Participation by proxyIf the shareholders are represented by proxy  a written proxy must be issued and submitted to the Company at the above address well in advance of the AGM. The proxy is valid during the period set forth in the proxy  however  at most five years from the issuance. If a proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the legal entity's registration certificate or similar document evidencing signatory powers must be enclosed. Proxy forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.Nominee registered sharesFor shareholders who have their shares nominee-registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation by submitting its advance vote  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday May 4  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must  in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines  request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that have been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Friday May 6  2022  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proposal for agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the group annual report and the auditor’s group report7. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet  and consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheetb) appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO8. Resolution regarding the number of directors and auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed9. Resolution in respect of the fees for the Board of Directors and for the auditors10. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors and auditors and deputy auditors11. Principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination Committee12. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 202113. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares14. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares15. Closing of the meetingItems 1 and 8–11: The Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding chairman at the meeting; number of directors  auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed; fees for the Board of Directors and auditors; election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors  auditors and deputy auditors and principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee has consisted of Yan Cheng (Chairman)  appointed by Worldwide International Investments Ltd; Jack Li  appointed by Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited; Hans Wigzell  appointed by Insamlingsstiftelsen för främjande och utveckling av medicinsk forskning vid KI; Mattias Klintemar  appointed by Östersjöstiftelsen; Todd Plutsky  appointed by Coastal Investment Management LLC.The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows:Lawyer Johan Hessius (Cirio Law Firm) is appointed to chair the Annual General Meeting  or in his absence  a person appointed by the Board of Directors.The number of directors will be five and no deputies will be appointed.The number of auditors will be one and no deputy auditor will be appointed.The chairman will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 400 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. All other directors will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 200 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. The fees to the directors remain unchanged compared to previous year.The auditors will be paid as per invoice.Re-election of the directors Björn Cochlovius  Theresa Tse  Anna Lefevre Skjöldebrand  Ben Toogood and Philip Duong. Re-election of Björn Cochlovius as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The composition of the Board of Directors meets the independence requirement of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The Nomination Committee proposes that voting shall take place individually.Re-election of Ernst & Young Aktiebolag as auditor in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  currently with Oskar Wall as auditor in charge  for the time until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee shall have five members. Every year  the five largest owners (voting power  as set forth in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August) shall appoint one member each. The chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the first meeting. If a shareholder does not exercise its right to appoint a member  the shareholder next in order of voting power  who has not already appointed a member or has a right to appoint a member  shall have the right to appoint a member to the Nominating Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be made public as soon as the members have been appointed  and in no case later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting. The members shall among themselves appoint the chairman of the committee. If a member resigns or is prevented from pursuing his/her assignment  the shareholder that has appointed such member shall appoint a new member. In the event that the shareholding in the Company is materially changed  before the Nomination Committee has completed its assignment  the Nomination Committee may decide to change the composition of the Nomination Committee  as determined by the Nomination Committee (considering the principles applicable for the appointment of the Nomination Committee). Any change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as possible. No fees shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. Out of pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. The mandate of the committee shall be until the members of the succeeding committee have been announced.The Nomination Committee is to make proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding the election of Chair of the Annual General Meeting  number of board members  Chair of the Board and other board members and remuneration to the board members. The Nomination Committee is also to make proposals regarding the Company’s auditor  remuneration to the Company’s auditor and election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for the selection of a Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall conduct an annual evaluation of this instruction and when necessary propose to amend it to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee shall otherwise carry out the tasks that  according to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code  are the responsibility of the Nomination Committee.Item 7 b: Appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors and the CEO proposes that the amount at disposal of the Annual General Meeting  in total SEK 969 371 016 shall be carried forward.Item 12: Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 2021The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021 in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 13: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to resolve on transfer of all shares of series B held by the Company at any given time. The Company holds 244 285 shares of series B at the time of the publication of this notice. Transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the registered price interval at any given time  being the interval between the highest bid and lowest ask price. Otherwise  transfer shall be made on market terms. Payment for shares shall be made in cash  in kind or by set-off.The purpose of the authorization for transferring own shares and the reasons for potential deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the Company’s capital structure  to use repurchased shares as payment for  or financing of  acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.Item 14: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  and for payment in cash  by set-off or in kind  to issue new shares of series B up to a number that  at the time of the first resolution under this authorization  corresponds to twenty (20) per cent of the total share capital; provided however that any such issue must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe annual report  auditor’s report  remuneration report and other documents that are to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act  are available at the Company on Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden and at the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com  not later than three weeks before the AGM  and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by any shareholder and if the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide disclosures about conditions that may impact assessment of an item of business on the agenda  about conditions that may impact assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial situation  and about the Company’s relationship with another group company.As per the date of this notice  there are 270 077 594 shares  representing a total of 293 074 943 votes outstanding in the Company  distributed among 2 555 261 shares of series A (with 25 552 610 votes) and 267 522 333 shares of series B (with 267 522 333 votes). As per the date of this notice  the Company holds 244 285 treasury shares of series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection to the Annual General Meeting see the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfSolna in April 2022Karolinska Development AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.28,0.2,0.52,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'Notice', 'most five years', 'similar document evidencing', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group annual report', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'group report', 'special form', 'completed form', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'telephone number', 'registration certificate', 'Thursday May', 'Life City', 'Solnavägen', 'Wednesday May', 'Friday May', 'Tomtebodavägen', 'legal entity', 'signatory powers', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'consolidated profit', 'postal vote', 'advance vote', 'other nominee', 'respective nominee', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'regular mail', 'share register', 'Proxy forms', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'reg.', 'CET', 'SE', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'Directors', 'item', 'articles', 'association', 'AGM', 'Participation', 'notice', 'intention', 'address', '165 Solna', 'email', 'montgomerie', 'karolinskadevelopment', 'name', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'English', 'download', 'website', 'notification', 'Story', 'eva', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'opening', 'written', 'period', 'issuance', 'copy', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', '3:00']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,nz.finance.yahoo.com
2713,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.morningstar.com/news/accesswire/697043msn/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-renewcell-ab,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Re:NewCell AB,NewCell AB (publ) (FRA:6QP)(STO:RENEW) The shareholders of Re:NewCell AB  Reg. No. 556885-6206  with registered office in Stockhol,"STOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESSWIRE / April 12  2022 / Re:NewCell AB (publ) (FRA:6QP)(STO:RENEW)The shareholders of Re:NewCell AB  Reg. No. 556885-6206  with registered office in Stockholm  Sweden (""Re:NewCell"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  17 May 2022.The Board of Directors of the Company has decided that the Annual General Meeting is to be held only through postal voting pursuant to temporary legislation. This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders or representatives. Shareholders will only be able to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting and submitting questions in advance in the manner described below.Information on the resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting will be disclosed on Tuesday  17 May 2022  when the outcome of the postal voting has been confirmed.A statement in which Managing Director Patrik Lundström comments on the Company's operations will be published on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  on 17 May 2022.Right to attendShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe registered as of 9 May 2022 in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  and give notice of participation no later than 16 May 2022 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading "" Postal voting "" below so that the postal vote is received by the Company no later than that day.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are nominee-registered must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date on 9 May 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second banking day after 9 May 2022 are taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Postal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by postal voting in advance in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.Shareholders who wish to postal vote must use the postal voting form  which is available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  and from the Company at Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden. The postal voting form is considered as notice to participate at the Annual General Meeting.The completed and signed form must be received by the Company no later than Monday  16 May 2022. The completed and signed form must be sent by mail to Re:NewCell AB  Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden  marked ""AGM""  or by e-mail to investors@renewcell.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e.  the entire postal vote) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.Shareholders who wish to submit its postal vote by proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for their representative. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent for the legal person must be attached. Proxy form is available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  and must be attached to the postal voting form.Proposed agendaElection of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  and of the consolidated accounts and consolidated auditor's report. Resolution on: adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  appropriation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet  discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors. Determination of fees to the members of the Board of Directors. Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to the auditor. Election of auditor. Resolution on adoption of changes in the Articles of Association. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. Resolution on principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee.Proposed resolutionsItem 1 - Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Dain Hård Nevonen from Advokatfirman Vinge  or in the event of his absence  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee instead  be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 - Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved under item 2 on the agenda is the voting list prepared by the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting on behalf of the Company  based on the general meeting share register and received postal votes  as verified and confirmed by the persons elected to attest the minutes.Item 4 - Election of one or two persons to attest the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Malcolm Norlin and Boris Gyllhamn  or in the event of absence of any or both  the person of persons designated by the Board of Directors instead  be elected to attest the minutes. The tasks of the persons elected to attest the minutes also include verifying the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 7 b - Appropriation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is paid and that available profits are carried forward.Item 8 - Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six.Item 9 - Determination of fees to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the fees to the Board of Directors shall be the following (fees for 2021 in brackets):SEK 300 000 (220 000) to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 150 000 (120 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting. However  no fee shall be paid to Board members who are employed in the Company or dependent in relation to major shareholders  andSEK 125 000 (125 000) to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  and SEK 20 000 (20 000) to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 15 000 (15 000) to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee.Item 10 - Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Mia Hemmingson  Om Bhatia  Anna Attemark  Helene Willberg and Henrik Ager as well as election of Michael Berg. All members are elected for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. It is noted that Mia Hemmingson has declined re-election as Chairman of the Board. The Nomination Committee proposes that Michael Berg is elected Chairman of the Board.Michael Berg  who is proposed as a new Board member and Chairman of the Board  was born in 1964 and holds a degree in Business Administration from the Stockholm School of Economics. Michael Berg is currently Chairman of Lowenco A/S  Babybjörn AB and Proxify AB and has previously held several international leadership roles within Tetra Pak  been CEO of Envirotainer and Polygon AB and Chairman of companies such as the construction waste recycling company Sortera AB. With many years of international experience in both operations and board positions in listed and unlisted companies and expertise in rapid international scale-up  Michael Berg will bring knowledge from many industries and companies that have grown rapidly and successfully under his leadership.Item 11 - Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that one registered accounting firm be appointed as auditor  without deputy auditors.Item 12 - Determination of fees to the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13 - Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  re-election of the registered accounting firm Mazars AB as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Mazars AB has informed that the Authorized Public Accountant Michael Olsson will be appointed auditor in charge  should Mazars AB be elected as auditor.Item 14 - Resolution on adoption of changes in the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes a new 11 § and 12 § of the Articles of Association  and  as a result thereof  the numbering of the subsequent articles is adjusted. The proposal to adopt a new 11 § is proposed to enable the Board of Directors to collect powers of attorneys in accordance with the procedure described in Chapter 7  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act and to authorize the Board of Directors to decide that the shareholders shall be entitled to exercise their voting rights by post prior to a general meeting. A new 12 § is also proposed allowing the Board of Directors to resolve that persons who are not shareholders may participate at the general meeting.11 § Collection of powers of attorneys and postal votingThe board of directors may collect powers of attorney in accordance with the procedure described in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph 2 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).The board of directors has the right before a shareholders' meeting to decide that shareholders shall be able to exercise their right to vote by post before the shareholders' meeting.12 § The right for persons not being shareholders to attend a shareholders' meetingThe board of directors may resolve that persons not being shareholders of the company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the board of directors  to attend or in any other manner follow the discussions at a shareholders' meeting.Item 15 - Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instrumentsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions until the next Annual General Meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. The total number of shares that may be issued under the authorization (including any new shares following exercise or conversion of warrants or convertible instruments issued under the authorization) may correspond to an increase of the share capital by no more than ten percent at the time the authorization is used for the first time. Resolutions by support of the authorization may include provisions on non-cash  set-off or cash payment.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that issues should be able to take place in order to increase the Company's financial flexibility and the Board of Director's room for maneuver. To the extent than an issue by support of the authorization takes place with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue shall take place on market terms.The Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the authorization that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 16 - Resolution on principles for appointment of a Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 as set out below.The Nomination Committee shall comprise the Chairman of the Board together with one member appointed by each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the Company as of the expiry of the third quarter of the financial year. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the Company. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the Nomination Committee. The member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee  unless the Nomination Committee unanimously appoints someone else.Should a shareholder having appointed a member to the Nomination Committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the Annual General Meeting at the latest  the member appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one member to the Nomination Committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the Nomination Committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three-month period prior to the Annual General Meeting. Should a member resign from the Nomination Committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall have the right to discharge such member and appoint a new member.Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced immediately. The term of the office for the Nomination Committee ends when the next Nomination Committee has been appointed. The Nomination Committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.Other informationNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee consists of Per Olofsson (appointed by Girincubator AB)  Nanna Andersen (appointed by H&M Fashion AB)  Suzanne Sandler (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder) as well as Mia Hemmingson (Chairman of the Board).Majority requirementsTo be valid  resolutions pursuant to the proposals under items 14 and 15 on the proposed agenda must be supported by shareholders representing no less than two-thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issuance of this notice  the total number of shares in Re:NewCell  as well as the total number of voting rights  amounts to 30 857 276. The Company holds no treasury shares.Information at the Annual General MeetingIn accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act the Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information at the meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or subsidiary's financial position and the Company's relationship to other group companies.Due to the fact that the Annual General Meeting will be held without a physical meeting  requests for information must be submitted in writing by mail to the address Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to investors@renewcell.com  no later than 7 May 2022. Such information is provided by being kept available from the Company at the address Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com  no later than 12 May 2022. The information is also sent within the same time to shareholders who so request and provide their postal or e-mail address.Available documentsThe Nomination Committee's and the Board of Director's complete proposals are presented in this notice  which is available from the Company and on its website as detailed below.Accounting documents and the accompanying auditor's report will be kept available from the Company for at least three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The documents will also be available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com.Copies of the above documents are also sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.Information on all proposed members of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee's reasoned opinion regarding proposals for the Board of Directors is available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data are processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.____________Re:NewCell ABStockholm in April 2022The Board of DirectorsContactsPatrik LundströmCEOpatrik.lundstrom@renewcell.com+46 76 183 47 17Hugo PetitCFOhugo.petit@renewcell.com+46 70 7787196About RenewcellFounded by innovators from Stockholm's KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2012  Re:NewCell AB (publ) (‘Renewcell') is a multi-award-winning sustaintech company based in Sweden. The company's vision is to inspire an Industrial Evolution to a sustainable world by producing high quality materials from recycled textiles.Through its patented process  Renewcell is able to upcycle cellulosic textile waste  such as cotton clothes  transforming it into a pristine new material called Circulose®. Fast Company named Renewcell one of the World's Most Innovative Companies 2021. Circulose® was also included on TIME Magazine's list of the 100 Best Inventions 2020.Renewcell is a publicly listed company with shares traded on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market with the ticker name RENEW and ISIN code SE0014960431. FNCA Sweden AB is Renewcell's Certified Adviser  +46(0)8-528 00 399  info@fnca.se.AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting in Re:NewCell ABSOURCE: Re:NewCell AB (publ)View source version on accesswire.com:",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.03,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Re:NewCell AB', 'Notice', 'Managing Director Patrik Lundström', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Re:NewCell AB', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorization document', 'entire postal vote', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'postal voting form', 'general meetings', 'consolidated accounts', 'other associations', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'registration certificate', 'registered office', 'temporary legislation', 'physical presence', 'share register', 'record date', 'temporary exceptions', 'legal person', 'two persons', 'convertible instruments', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy form', 'dated power', 'deputy auditors', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'STOCKHOLM', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'FRA', '6QP', 'RENEW', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'representatives', 'questions', 'advance', 'manner', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'outcome', 'comments', 'operations', 'website', 'notice', 'participation', 'accordance', 'heading', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'presentation', 'Section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'Cardellgatan', 'Monday', 'mail', 'AGM', 'investors', 'conditions', 'written', 'attorney', 'copy', 'agenda', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'one', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'liability', 'members', 'number', 'fees', 'changes', 'Articles', 'issues', 'warrants', 'princip']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,morningstar.com
2714,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thestar.com.my/business/business-news/2022/04/12/how-indias-much-hyped-global-bond-index-inclusion-unravelled,How India’s much-hyped global bond index inclusion unravelled,For that to happen  Euroclear  one of the major ones  has pushed India to exempt the transactions from taxes to avoid compliance issues. Other countries using the platform follow that policy. In India  progress seemed steady. In September  a senior ...,FOR months  India prepared for a remarkable milestone: getting its bonds listed on global indexes. Inclusion was perceived as a crucial step change for the US$1 trillion (RM4.23 trillion) market. Banks penciled in inflows of as much as US$40bil (RM169bil) for a country that has long lagged behind peers in tapping international wealth.The timeline seemed so final that Citigroup Inc advised its clients to buy Indian debt in anticipation that key tax exemptions would be announced to facilitate the change. Policy makers and analysts predicted inclusion as early as April 1  the start of the new financial year.So it came as a shock when Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman didn’t make any mention of it in her February budget speech.The sudden silence puzzled traders. Within a day  Citi reversed its buy-call. Local debt markets saw the sharpest sell-off in almost two years. It was as if a plan had never existed.In interviews  Indian officials who were part of discussions described how politics and contentious tax negotiations intertwined to stall progress. Bankers worried about volatile inflows.Powerful Hindu nationalist groups raised eleventh hour concerns that exempting foreigners from taxes would lead to discrimination against domestic investors  according to the people  who asked not to be identified citing privacy rules.Now  many believe inclusion isn’t likely for at least a year. Officials say a path forward isn’t possible until the Group of 20 nations reach a consensus on a country’s right to tax capital gains  another pressure point for India.“From India’s perspective  we are losing an opportunity to tap a pool of liquidity and an investor base ” said Nagaraj Kulkarni  senior Asia rates strategist at Standard Chartered Plc in Singapore.“From a foreign investors’ perspective  India is one of the largest emerging-market bond markets that is yet to be included in major bond indexes.”With inclusion shelved  “investors lose out on a relatively high-yielding market that also offers risk diversification benefits ” he said.The challenges facing India are partly structural.Global investors want India to get its bonds on international clearing platforms  which help settle securities transactions.For that to happen  Euroclear  one of the major ones  has pushed India to exempt the transactions from taxes to avoid compliance issues. Other countries using the platform follow that policy.In India  progress seemed steady. In September  a senior official from the finance ministry said most of the work had been done.Tax authorities appeared ready to exempt these transactions  according to a person familiar with the matter. Morgan Stanley predicted inclusion to some indexes as early as the second quarter of 2022. FTSE Russell put India on its watchlist.Sitharaman was supposed to reveal the change in the Feb 1 budget talk. Euroclear expected the tweak right up until the speech  according to a finance ministry official.When she said nothing  Euroclear was caught off-guard  the official said. So was the market: Citi quickly reversed its buy-call on India long bonds. Traders called the ministry searching for answers.Euroclear didn’t reply to multiple requests for comment. A spokesperson for India’s finance ministry didn’t respond to an email seeking clarification.In hindsight  officials said India’s reversal connects to an October announcement from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)  the Paris-based group that develops international fiscal policy.To address tax avoidance issues  the OECD helped broker an agreement with 136 countries to implement a global minimum rate. India  which is a member of the group  took the position that countries had the right to tax capital gains based on the location of underlying assets.That created an optics problem. In discussions about index inclusion  the finance ministry had carved out a path to exempt international bond transactions from taxes.Now  Indian authorities had put forward a different perspective at public OECD forums. Around the beginning of 2022  the tax department  worried about this contradiction  made a decision not to follow through with the exemption  people familiar with the matter said.Meanwhile  in January  Hindu nationalist groups linked to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s party met with senior government officials. They argued that it was unfair for foreigners to receive tax waivers when local investors did not get similar benefits.These groups have enjoyed increasing clout since Modi rose to power in 2014  partly because they can influence local businesses -- his party’s traditional vote bank.Every year  they hold informal discussions with the government ahead of the budget  one person said. In 2019  when the groups opposed a plan to issue a dollar-denominated sovereign bond  the proposal was scrapped.Their opposition contributed to the transfer of a top bureaucrat who supported it.“There is no reason why we should give advantages to foreign investors ” Ashwani Mahajan  one of the leaders of Swadeshi Jagran Manch  a Hindu nationalist group  told Bloomberg a few days before the February budget speech.For now  index inclusion appears all but impossible in the short term.In a recent interview with Bloomberg  Ajay Seth  the secretary of India’s economic affairs ministry  said index providers made last minute requests. Other officials said Euroclear kept moving its goal post  including tax changes beyond the capital gains issue.The inclusion delay has already impacted India’s bond market. In recent months  yields rose amid a surge in global crude prices. Key banks are adjusting interest rates to keep pace with inflation.That’s a concern for the government as it plans to borrow a record amount from the markets to bridge a wide fiscal gap.“With a large supply looming  yields on government securities are likely to harden once next fiscal’s borrowing commences in April ” said Aditi Nayar  chief economist at ICRA Ltd  the local unit of Moody’s Investors Service.“If there are concrete steps toward bond index inclusion during the year  it could help to cap yields.” — BloombergVrishti Beniwal writes for Bloomberg. The views expressed here are the writer’s own.,neutral,0.06,0.72,0.22,negative,0.02,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['global bond index inclusion', 'India', 'senior Asia rates strategist', 'largest emerging-market bond markets', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'Powerful Hindu nationalist groups', 'Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman', 'dollar-denominated sovereign bond', 'eleventh hour concerns', 'Standard Chartered Plc', 'traditional vote bank', 'Swadeshi Jagran Manch', 'international clearing platforms', 'key tax exemptions', 'new financial year', 'contentious tax negotiations', 'risk diversification benefits', 'Local debt markets', 'Feb 1 budget talk', 'global minimum rate', 'tax avoidance issues', 'international fiscal policy', 'international bond transactions', 'crucial step change', 'public OECD forums', 'RM4.23 trillion) market', 'February budget speech', 'major bond indexes', 'senior government officials', 'finance ministry official', 'foreign investors’ perspective', 'India long bonds', 'senior official', 'international wealth', 'US$1 trillion', 'Indian debt', 'a year', 'compliance issues', 'Tax authorities', 'tax department', 'tax waivers', 'similar benefits', 'global indexes', 'Global investors', 'local investors', 'local businesses', 'remarkable milestone', 'Citigroup Inc', 'Policy makers', 'sudden silence', 'sharpest sell-off', 'two years', 'domestic investors', 'privacy rules', 'capital gains', 'pressure point', 'investor base', 'Nagaraj Kulkarni', 'high-yielding market', 'Morgan Stanley', 'second quarter', 'FTSE Russell', 'multiple requests', 'October announcement', 'Economic Co-operation', 'underlying assets', 'optics problem', 'Indian authorities', 'different perspective', 'increasing clout', 'top bureaucrat', 'Ashwani Mahajan', 'Indian officials', 'securities transactions', 'volatile inflows', 'one person', 'Other countries', 'Paris-based group', 'informal discussions', 'index inclusion', '136 countries', 'months', 'Banks', 'country', 'peers', 'timeline', 'clients', 'anticipation', 'analysts', 'April', 'start', 'shock', 'mention', 'traders', 'day', 'buy-call', 'plan', 'interviews', 'politics', 'progress', 'Bankers', 'foreigners', 'taxes', 'discrimination', 'people', 'path', '20 nations', 'consensus', 'right', 'opportunity', 'pool', 'liquidity', 'Singapore', 'challenges', 'Euroclear', 'September', 'work', 'matter', 'watchlist', 'tweak', 'guard', 'answers', 'comment', 'spokesperson', 'email', 'clarification', 'hindsight', 'reversal', 'Organisation', 'Development', 'agreement', 'member', 'position', 'location', 'beginning', 'contradiction', 'decision', 'January', 'party', 'proposal', 'transfer', 'reason', 'advantages', 'leaders']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,thestar.com.my
2715,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Do you have #venezuela bonds in #euroclear you want to monetize send me a message.,nan,Do you have #venezuela bonds in #euroclear you want to monetize send me a message.,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['venezuela bonds', 'message', 'venezuela bonds', 'message']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2716,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Thank you to @EuroclearGroup for inviting ISLA's Andrew Dyson to participate on the 'Securities Lending' panel at t… https://t.co/XkDuWDmfpV,nan,Thank you to @EuroclearGroup for inviting ISLA's Andrew Dyson to participate on the 'Securities Lending' panel at t… https://t.co/XkDuWDmfpV,positive,0.74,0.24,0.01,positive,0.74,0.24,0.01,True,English,"[""Securities Lending' panel"", 'Andrew Dyson', 'ISLA', 'XkDuWDmfpV', ""Securities Lending' panel"", 'Andrew Dyson', 'ISLA', 'XkDuWDmfpV']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2717,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Creator economy e-commerce platform SamCart raises $82m Series B #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/36YdTG3UU5 #regtech,nan,Creator economy e-commerce platform SamCart raises $82m Series B #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/36YdTG3UU5 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Creator economy', 'commerce platform', 'Series B', 'SamCart', 'Fintech', '36YdTG3UU5', 'regtech', 'Creator economy', 'commerce platform', 'Series B', 'SamCart', 'Fintech', '36YdTG3UU5', 'regtech']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2718,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Form3 partners Goldman Sachs TxB to launch FX solution #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6Lj7ao86ai #regtech,nan,Form3 partners Goldman Sachs TxB to launch FX solution #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6Lj7ao86ai #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Goldman Sachs TxB', 'Form3 partners', 'FX solution', 'Fintech', 'Lj7ao86ai', 'regtech', 'Goldman Sachs TxB', 'Form3 partners', 'FX solution', 'Fintech', 'Lj7ao86ai', 'regtech']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2719,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Nigerian fintech start-up Kippa launches digital payments offering for African SMEs #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/BkjmCotXty,nan,Nigerian fintech start-up Kippa launches digital payments offering for African SMEs #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/BkjmCotXty,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Nigerian fintech start-up', 'digital payments offering', 'African SMEs', 'Kippa', 'BkjmCotXty', 'Nigerian fintech start-up', 'digital payments offering', 'African SMEs', 'Kippa', 'BkjmCotXty']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2720,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Activists on left  right grabbing spotlight at bank annual meetings #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rENDwlRh5f #regtech,nan,Activists on left  right grabbing spotlight at bank annual meetings #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rENDwlRh5f #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['bank annual meetings', 'Activists', 'spotlight', 'Fintech', 'rENDwlRh5f', 'regtech', 'bank annual meetings', 'Activists', 'spotlight', 'Fintech', 'rENDwlRh5f', 'regtech']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2721,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,What Seattle Bank learned from the collapse of the Google Plex deal #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/emsUjKAdIF #regtech,nan,What Seattle Bank learned from the collapse of the Google Plex deal #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/emsUjKAdIF #regtech,negative,0.03,0.34,0.63,negative,0.03,0.34,0.63,True,English,"['Google Plex deal', 'Seattle Bank', 'collapse', 'Fintech', 'emsUjKAdIF', 'regtech', 'Google Plex deal', 'Seattle Bank', 'collapse', 'Fintech', 'emsUjKAdIF', 'regtech']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2722,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-america-announces-redemption-of-1-5-billion-of-floating-rate-senior-notes-due-may-4--2023--301523216.html,Bank of America Announces Redemption of €1.5 Billion of Floating Rate Senior Notes  due May 4  2023,CHARLOTTE  N.C.  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation announced today that it will redeem on May 4  2022 all €1 500 000 000 principal amount outstanding of its Floating Rate Senior Notes  due May 4  2023 (ISIN: XS1602557495; Common Code:…,"CHARLOTTE  N.C.  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation announced today that it will redeem on May 4  2022 all €1 500 000 000 principal amount outstanding of its Floating Rate Senior Notes  due May 4  2023 (ISIN: XS1602557495; Common Code: 160255749) (the ""Notes"").This series of Notes was issued under the Bank of America Corporation U.S.$65 000 000 000 Euro Medium-Term Note Program. The redemption price for the Notes will be equal to the Optional Redemption Amount of €1 000 per €1 000 Calculation Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms dated April 25  2017)  plus accrued and unpaid interest to  but excluding  the redemption date of May 4  2022.Payment of the redemption price for the Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking  S.A. Bank of America  N.A. (operating through its London Branch) is the Principal Agent for the Notes and Bank of America Europe DAC (formerly known as Bank of America Merrill Lynch International DAC) is the Registrar for the Notes.Bank of America Corporation will request the Financial Conduct Authority (the ""FCA"") to cancel the listing of the Notes on the Official List of the FCA and the London Stock Exchange (the ""Exchange"") to cancel the admission to trading on the regulated market of the Exchange as soon as practicable after the redemption date.Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions  serving individual consumers  small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking  investing  asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States  serving approximately 67 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 4 200 retail financial centers  approximately 16 000 ATMs  and award-winning digital banking with more than 54 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management  corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes  serving corporations  governments  institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business households through a suite of innovative  easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States  its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this news release may constitute ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain risks  uncertainties and assumptions difficult to predict or beyond our control. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the uncertainties and risks discussed under Item 1A. ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  and in any of our subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.For more Bank of America news  including dividend announcements and other important information  visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts.www.bankofamerica.comInvestors May Contact:Lee McEntire  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.388.6780[email protected]Jonathan G. Blum  Bank of America (Fixed Income)Phone: 1.212.449.3112[email protected]Reporters May Contact:Christopher Feeney  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.386.6794[email protected]SOURCE Bank of America Corporation",neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['Floating Rate Senior Notes', 'Bank', 'America', 'Redemption', '€1.5 Billion', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'America Merrill Lynch International DAC', '5,000,000,000 Euro Medium-Term Note Program', 'Item 1A. ""Risk Factors', '54 million verified digital users', 'New York Stock Exchange', '3 million small business households', 'Floating Rate Senior Notes', 'Jonathan G. Blum', 'Financial Conduct Authority', '4,200 retail financial centers', 'award-winning digital banking', 'applicable Final Terms', 'Exchange Commission filings', 'risk management products', 'news email alerts', 'London Stock Exchange', '0,000,000 principal amount outstanding', 'small business clients', 'other important information', 'Optional Redemption Amount', 'leading financial institutions', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'America Corporation stock', 'S.A. Bank', 'Europe DAC', 'subsequent Securities', '67 million consumer', 'other financial', '€1,000 Calculation Amount', 'applicable procedures', 'N.A.', 'London Branch', 'Principal Agent', 'online products', 'Certain information', 'asset management', 'wealth management', 'news release', 'Clearstream Banking', 'banking, investing', 'investment banking', 'redemption price', 'America news', 'N.C.', 'Common Code', 'unpaid interest', 'Official List', 'regulated market', 'individual consumers', 'middle-market businesses', 'full range', 'unmatched convenience', 'United States', 'global leader', 'broad range', 'asset classes', 'industry-leading support', 'future results', 'undue reliance', 'looking statement', 'Annual Report', 'Form 10-K', 'dividend announcements', 'Lee McEntire', 'Fixed Income', 'Christopher Feeney', 'redemption date', 'large corporations', 'SOURCE Bank', 'statements', 'CHARLOTTE', 'April', 'May', 'ISIN', 'series', 'accrued', 'Payment', 'accordance', 'Registrar', 'FCA', 'listing', 'admission', 'trading', 'world', 'services', 'company', '16,000 ATMs', 'corporate', 'governments', 'individuals', 'suite', 'operations', 'territories', '35 countries', 'NYSE', 'BAC', 'forward', 'meaning', 'guarantees', 'performance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'year', 'obligation', 'impact', 'circumstances', 'events', 'bankofamerica', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Reporters']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2723,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4500927-more-than-just-oil-saudi-arabias-improved-credit-rating,More Than Just Oil: Saudi Arabia's Improved Credit Rating,As S&P stated  Saudi Arabia survived the “twin shocks” of the pandemic and the drop in oil demand and prices.,TexBr/iStock via Getty ImagesThe Russia-Ukraine war has thrown the commodities markets into chaos. At the beginning of March  oil hit $123 per barrel — up a staggering 68% this year.Since many assume the health of the Saudi economy is tied almost exclusively to this black gold  it came as little surprise when Standard & Poor’s (S&P) upgraded the country’s outlook from “stable” to “positive.” But contrary to the popular narrative  oil isn’t all that matters to the Saudi economy.As S&P stated  Saudi Arabia survived the “twin shocks” of the pandemic and the drop in oil demand and prices. As it guided OPEC through this volatile period  it stayed focused on achieving its Vision 2030 objectives despite the prevailing economic challenges.So what has changed? And is the Saudi economy on track to diversify away from oil?Oil Remains Central to the Saudi Economy  But Not Its VisionVision 2030’s goal is to reduce Saudi dependence on oil by directing investment toward other vital economic pillars and emerging sectors. This requires fundamental shifts in how businesses operate.Saudi Arabia’s crude petroleum and natural gas sector accounted for 28.1% of GDP in 2021. Real GDP expanded by 3.2% in 2021 after contracting by 4.1% in 2020. For Saudi Arabia to break even on its 2022 budget  the International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates the price of oil needs to average $72.40 per barrel. The S&P projects an average of price $85 per barrel in 2022. That could mean a government budget surplus of 2.5% of GDP in 2022 — the first surplus since 2013.Break-Even Oil Price per Barrel to Balance 2022 National BudgetSource: IMFThe country can’t take current oil prices for granted. That’s why it is financing and developing these other sectors and building a more resilient and sustainable economy. In the past  such expenditures have been highly correlated with oil prices  but with its current plan  the government has adopted the long view and is looking beyond short-term oil price movements.Managing the Sovereign DebtSaudi Arabia established the National Debt Management Center in late 2015 to help ensure the country’s access to global debt markets as means of achieving the best possible cost structure to fund its budget deficit. Its efforts thus far have succeeded.Six years on  as of year-end 2021  around 60% of the SAR 938 billion in debt is SAR-denominated  while 40% is non-SAR. The Saudi public debt to GDP ratio is expected to continue its downward trend from 32.5% in 2019 to 25.4% in 2024  according to a Ministry of Finance (MoF) report. The MoF plans to build a unified sovereign asset and liability management framework to integrate the country’s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.Looking ahead  the Saudi debt picture is likely to improve further. On 30 September 2021  FTSE Russell announced that the local currency Sukuk would be added to the FTSE Emerging Markets Government Bond Index (EMGBI)  effective April 2022. Around a third of Saudi Arabia’s current outstanding debt will be included in the index  which will make Saudi debt more investable and attractive while improving market liquidity.Improving International Investor AccessSaudi Arabia introduced its National Investment Strategy (NIS) in October 2021. A vital aspect of Vision 2030  the NIS seeks to make Saudi Arabia an investment hub through regulation and legislation  among other improvements to the investment landscape.The strategy seems to be working. Foreign direct investment (FDI) net inflows grew by 257.2% in 2021. The first half of fiscal 2021 broke records  the second half achieved 23.7% year-over-year gains.Among the NIS’s key goals is to increase FDI’s share of GDP from 1.5% in 2021 to 5.7% by 2030 and to accelerate overall domestic investment to SAR 1.65 trillion ($44 billion) by 2030 from SAR 600 billion ($16 billion) in 2021. From 2021 to 2030  the cumulative gross fixed capital foundation (GFCF) is expected to reach SAR 12.4 trillion ($3.3 trillion).In another major milestone  Clearstream  the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group  connected the Saudi capital markets to its network. Eligible clients no longer need to obtain “Qualified Foreign Investor” status to invest in the Saudi capital market (Sukuk/bonds and listed exchange-traded funds (ETFs)).Spearheading ESG InitiativesMoody’s current environmental  social  and governance (ESG) score for Saudi Arabia is moderately negative. The Saudi ESG Credit Impact Score (CIS-3) should improve  however  as the country expands its ESG coverage  implementation  and transparency.After all  the accelerating global momentum behind ESG measures has not gone unnoticed in Saudi Arabia. The Saudi Exchange (Tadawul) has issued ESG disclosure guidelines that set a clear  top-down tone. Given the global focus and increased ESG due diligence and regulations  the scope should widen materially. The Public Investment Fund (PIF) also unveiled its ESG strategy  which focuses on investing in renewable energy  water  and carbon management projects.Transforming the Financial Sector with Open BankingSaudi Arabia is also revolutionizing its banking sector. In the past  stability was the main priority. But the Saudi Central Bank (SAMA)’s “Open Banking Policy” will allow the country’s digitally literate population to safely share their banking data with third-party companies  thus expanding their access to integrated financial products and opening the door to fintech development in the country.SAMA will also launch the Open Data Platform  which will feature Saudi economic  financial  and monetary statistics and indicators. Users — business owners  researchers  entrepreneurs  and institutions — can export this data in various formats. The move should further improve the business climate and financial transparency in Saudi Arabia and increase the country’s appeal to investors.Creating Seedbeds for SMEs and FintechTo spur innovation  Saudi Arabia is empowering domestic small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and fintechs. The General Authority for Small and Medium Enterprises — “Monsha’at” — is building a competitive and healthy business environment to attract new entrants to the SME sector. To complement this ecosystem  it has developed various financing programs. “Kafala ” for example  is a loan guarantee initiative that helped more than 5 000 enterprises with SAR 10.2 billion ($2.7 billion) in guarantees in 2021. Vision 2030 seeks to raise the SME contribution to GDP from 20% to 35% by 2030.During the Global Entrepreneurship Congress (GEC) held in Riyadh last March  Saudi Arabia announced agreements and investment initiatives worth SAR 51.8 billion ($13.8 billion) across various industries. These initiatives along with the establishment of the new SME Bank will help the industry become an engine for economic growth. Indeed  according to the Global Competitiveness Center  Saudi Arabia is ranked 12th on the Availability of Venture Capital Index  which is among the most prominent sub-indicators.The fintech sector has lately enjoyed a concentrated push from the government. SAMA has licensed three digital banks during the past few months as well as three new fintech companies  issuing the first granted debt-based crowdfunding license and payment license. The country now boasts 17 fintech payment companies. Indeed  Saudi Arabia was recently ranked second in digital competitiveness among the G20 countries in 2021.Enhancing Strategic Support through the Public Investment Fund (PIF)The Saudi sovereign wealth fund provides strategic support to the economy and with a diversified investment portfolio of more than $500 billion in assets  serves as a national safety net.By 2025  the PIF hopes to expand its asset base to $1.1 trillion. Earlier this year  demonstrating its economic resilience and creditworthiness  the PIF received its first international credit ratings  earning an A1 issuer rating from Moody’s and a long-term issuer rating of A from Fitch.The PIF is also the primary force keeping Saudi Arabia’s “giga-projects” on track and partners with local businesses  establishing ventures  and founding enterprises to upgrade the standards of business conduct.Tapping Natural Resources and Mining OpportunitiesOil may still dominate the Saudi commodities sector  but exploration for other natural resources is ongoing. Forty-eight minerals have been found so far  including such important energy transition metals as copper and zinc.Saudi Arabia recently emphasized just how central mining investment is to its future. “[Mining is] becoming more and more essential for the advancement of manufacturing [and] energy” industries  according to Saudi industry and mineral resources minister Bandar Alkhorayef. And with an estimated $1.3 trillion in untapped minerals in Saudi Arabia  the goal is to scale the sector’s contributions to GDP from $17 billion in 2021 to $64 billion by 2030.Last January  Saudi Arabia hosted the debut Future Minerals Forum in Riyadh as part of its effort to become a regional leader in the mining sector.Saudi’s Grand Goals Are Finding RecognitionAmid its multifaceted campaign to diversify its economy  Saudi Arabia is at last earning recognition for its efforts. As the S&P report stated:“The positive outlook reflects our expectation of improving GDP growth and fiscal dynamics over the medium term  tied to the country’s emergence from the Covid-19 pandemic  improved oil sector prospects  and the government’s reform programs.”Moody’s upgraded the country’s outlook from “negative” to “stable” in November 2021. More such upgrades are likely on the way. But more important than the improved ratings themselves are the reasons behind them  specifically the country’s fiscal reforms.As the report stated  Moody’s view came down to the “government’s improving track record of fiscal policy effectiveness  evidenced by policy responses in periods of both low and high oil prices  that consistently demonstrate a commitment to fiscal consolidation and longer-term fiscal sustainability.”And if that wasn’t sufficient  the Vision framework helped grow non-oil revenues from less than 10% in 2015 to more than 18% in 2020 and helped reduce non-interest expenditures from 56% in 2015 to 53% in 2020. The growth of non-oil activities increased by 6.1% in 2021.While the recent spike in oil prices  may be good news for Saudi Arabia’s balance sheet  the country has demonstrated through its commitment to the Vision 2030 framework that its economic future will not be defined by the petroleum sector.Disclaimer: Please note that the content of this site should not be construed as investment advice  nor do the opinions expressed necessarily reflect the views of CFA Institute.Original PostEditor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha editors.,neutral,0.22,0.72,0.05,mixed,0.11,0.18,0.71,True,English,"['Saudi Arabia', 'Credit Rating', 'Oil', 'The Saudi ESG Credit Impact Score', 'FTSE Emerging Markets Government Bond Index', 'cumulative gross fixed capital foundation', 'best possible cost structure', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Qualified Foreign Investor” status', 'National Debt Management Center', 'other vital economic pillars', 'The Public Investment Fund', 'short-term oil price movements', 'Saudi capital markets', 'prevailing economic challenges', 'International Monetary Fund', 'liability management framework', 'carbon management projects', 'Foreign direct investment', 'natural gas sector', 'post-trading services provider', 'listed exchange-traded funds', 'clear, top-down tone', 'Spearheading ESG Initiatives', 'ESG disclosure guidelines', 'ESG due diligence', 'global debt markets', 'accelerating global momentum', 'The Saudi Exchange', '2022 National Budget Source', 'overall domestic investment', 'Saudi public debt', 'unified sovereign asset', 'International Investor Access', 'current outstanding debt', 'government budget surplus', 'Saudi debt picture', 'FDI) net inflows', 'National Investment Strategy', 'The S&P', 'Even Oil Price', 'ESG) score', 'current oil prices', 'emerging sectors', 'FTSE Russell', 'commodities markets', 'The MoF', 'Sovereign Debt', 'vital aspect', 'ESG coverage', 'ESG measures', 'ESG strategy', 'other sectors', 'current plan', 'other improvements', 'global focus', 'investment hub', 'investment landscape', 'first surplus', 'market liquidity', 'Saudi economy', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Saudi dependence', 'budget deficit', 'Getty Images', 'Russia-Ukraine war', 'black gold', 'little surprise', 'popular narrative', 'twin shocks', 'volatile period', 'fundamental shifts', 'crude petroleum', 'sustainable economy', 'long view', 'downward trend', 'MoF) report', 'non-financial assets', 'local currency', 'first half', 'second half', 'year gains', 'key goals', 'major milestone', 'Eligible clients', 'renewable energy', 'oil demand', 'Financial Secto', 'Real GDP', 'GDP ratio', 'Vision 2030 objectives', '2022 budget', 'TexBr', 'iStock', 'chaos', 'beginning', 'March', 'barrel', 'health', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'country', 'outlook', 'pandemic', 'drop', 'OPEC', 'track', 'businesses', 'IMF', 'average', 'Break', 'resilient', 'past', 'expenditures', 'means', 'efforts', 'year-end', 'SAR', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'liabilities', '30 September', 'Sukuk', 'EMGBI', 'third', 'October', 'regulation', 'legislation', 'fiscal 2021', 'records', 'share', 'GFCF', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'ETFs', 'Moody', 'governance', 'implementation', 'transparency', 'Tadawul', 'scope', 'PIF', 'water']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,seekingalpha.com
2724,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=367aab9b-6fb6-4f08-b30b-faa8c0109fdb,The Clearing and Settlement Process for Debt Securities: An Overview,5 hours ago,Debt securities trading in the capital markets involves several steps before the electronic transfer of ownership from one owner to another finishes. For ownership to pass from the seller to the buyer  a “clearing” and “settlement” process must occur. The terms “clearing” and “settlement” are often used interchangeably. However  they represent distinct processes.Steps Involved in Clearing and SettlementOnce the parties execute a securities trade  the clearing and settlement processes begins. This involves several sequential actions.Confirmation : There is a confirmation of a sale of securities in a specified amount at a given price between the buyer and seller.: There is a confirmation of a sale of securities in a specified amount at a given price between the buyer and seller. Clearing : The buyer and the seller receive documentation to establish their obligations. The clearing process occurs before settlement begins.: The buyer and the seller receive documentation to establish their obligations. The clearing process occurs before settlement begins. Settlement : The settlement process involves the delivery of securities from the seller to the buyer and the delivery of funds from the buyer to the seller. While clearing and settlement can occur on the same day  the timing may be longer depending on the complexity of the transaction.: The settlement process involves the delivery of securities from the seller to the buyer and the delivery of funds from the buyer to the seller. While clearing and settlement can occur on the same day  the timing may be longer depending on the complexity of the transaction. Payment : Payment occurs through the Federal Reserve’s Fedwire system. The system assigns a reference number to confirm the receipt of funds.: Payment occurs through the Federal Reserve’s Fedwire system. The system assigns a reference number to confirm the receipt of funds. Delivery: DTC’s electronic book-entry system delivers and credits the appropriate account.Depository Trust Company (DTC)The Depository Trust Company   or DTC  is one the largest securities depositories in the world. The DTC facilitates the clearing and settlement of securities transactions. It does this by maintaining a “book-entry” system. This is an electronic method of recordkeeping  as opposed to issuing physical security certificates.Companies that are DTC eligible have access to Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) processing. This service enables companies  security holders  brokers  and other parties to electronically move securities between DTC participants in an expedited manner.The DTC also acts as a custodian and holds physical security certificates on behalf of brokers  dealers  and banks. The DTC designates Cede & Company as the custodial nominee for DTC. Debt securities are represented by the issuance of global notes  usually registered in the name of Cede & Company nominee for DTC.The DTC is a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC)  a securities holding company. Not all securities are eligible to settle through DTC. In order to be a DTC participant  a company  broker  bank  or other entity must have an account with DTC.Euroclear and ClearstreamIn Europe  the two largest clearing systems are Euroclear and Clearstream. Similar to the DTC in the United States  Euroclear and Clearstream provide settlement services for securities. Both services operate electronic book-entry transfer systems. This eliminates the need for physical certificates.A series of steps facilitate cross-market deals between DTC and Euroclear or Clearstream participants. The settlement process generally takes longer for cross-market trading.Trading Mechanics of Clearing and Settling Debt SecuritiesThere are two methods of transferring securities between brokers/dealers and the DTC—the Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) process and the Direct Registry System (DRS). Both use the FAST system. The electronic format of securities transfers provides investors with efficiency and cost savings.Both systems enable the holding of securities “on the books” of a transfer agent. A transfer agent is usually a trust company or bank that records transactions and maintains the financial records of investors. In other words  they act as an intermediary between the company’s registrar and investors.The Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) provides investors with efficiency and cost savings. As an electronic system for the transfer of shares  the DWAC process minimizes time lags. The fact that the DWAC process does not involve the transfer of physical certificates accelerates the settlement process.The Direct Registry System (DRS) also allows investors to hold their securities in book entry form with a transfer agent. This allows the seamless clearing and settling of shares in electronic form. The main distinguishing factor is that DWAC deposits require a Medallion Guaranteed Stock Power while DRS deposits are paperless. A Medallion Guaranteed Stock Power is a special certification stamp on a share certificate that confirms its authenticity. This medallion signature guarantee can be waived under certain circumstances.In order for a company to have its securities settle through the DTC  it must have a letter of representations on file. A letter of representations is a standardized agreement that outlines the terms under which the DTC will act as depository for the company.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['The Clearing', 'Settlement Process', 'Debt Securities', 'Overview', 'A Medallion Guaranteed Stock Power', 'The Direct Registry System', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'two largest clearing systems', 'electronic book-entry transfer systems', 'Fast Automated Securities Transfer', 'main distinguishing factor', 'special certification stamp', 'several sequential actions', 'book entry form', 'largest securities depositories', 'physical security certificates', 'electronic book-entry system', 'Debt securities trading', 'securities holding company', 'book-entry” system', 'physical certificates', 'two methods', 'electronic form', 'FAST system', 'electronic transfer', 'FAST) processing', 'security holders', 'electronic system', 'electronic method', 'cross-market trading', 'Trading Mechanics', 'transfer agent', 'Fedwire system', 'Company nominee', 'The Deposit/Withdrawal', 'capital markets', 'one owner', 'distinct processes', 'same day', 'Federal Reserve', 'reference number', 'expedited manner', 'custodial nominee', 'global notes', 'other entity', 'United States', 'cross-market deals', 'cost savings', 'financial records', 'other words', 'time lags', 'share certificate', 'The DTC', 'several steps', 'DWAC) process', 'DWAC process', 'DWAC deposits', 'securities trade', 'securities transfers', 'clearing process', 'Clearing Corporation', 'seamless clearing', 'appropriate account', 'other parties', 'settlement” process', 'settlement processes', 'DTC participants', 'DRS deposits', 'Clearstream participants', 'securities transactions', 'settlement services', 'DTC.', 'ownership', 'finishes', 'seller', 'buyer', 'terms', 'Confirmation', 'sale', 'amount', 'price', 'documentation', 'obligations', 'delivery', 'funds', 'timing', 'complexity', 'Payment', 'receipt', 'world', 'recordkeeping', 'Companies', 'access', 'brokers', 'custodian', 'behalf', 'dealers', 'banks', 'Cede', 'issuance', 'name', 'subsidiary', 'DTCC', 'order', 'Euroclear', 'Europe', 'Both', 'need', 'series', 'Settling', 'investors', 'efficiency', 'books', 'intermediary', 'registrar', 'shares']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,lexology.com
2725,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/custodyarticle.php?article_id=12907&navigationaction=custodynews&newssection=Custody,State Street adds fund services to its custody offerings for clients in Mexico,4 hours ago,State Street adds fund services to its custody offerings for clients in MexicoState Street has launched an integrated fund trading solution along with its custody offering for clients in Mexico.The initiative will allow State Street to secure increased product and jurisdictional coverage across South America.The secure online platform will allow for access to a range of investment funds in collaboration with Clearstream  via its Vestima platform  providing fund order services through a single-entry point.The expansion in Mexico will also support connectivity with a wide range of transfer agents to meet clients’ unique requirements.Additional product features include a robust infrastructure underpinned by SWIFT  real-time monitoring of order status  a client service team  registration services and account opening support by Vestima.State Street’s first live client in the region is Afore Profuturo  a retirement savings company.Marcia Rothschild  head of Latin America for State Street  says: “We are very pleased to announce this new capability for our clients. This trading solution is a critical step towards further expanding our products and capabilities in Mexico.”Antonio Sibaja  senior portfolio manager at Afore Profuturo  says: “We are delighted to be the first client onboarded to State Street’s new trading platform. The new function will allow us to work more efficiently to give our clients a better pension and a better future.”,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.85,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['State Street', 'fund services', 'custody offerings', 'clients', 'Mexico', 'integrated fund trading solution', 'account opening support', 'retirement savings company', 'senior portfolio manager', 'secure online platform', 'client service team', 'first live client', 'Additional product features', 'new trading platform', 'fund order services', 'clients’ unique requirements', 'fund services', 'first client', 'order status', 'registration services', 'new capability', 'new function', 'Vestima platform', 'State Street', 'custody offerings', 'jurisdictional coverage', 'South America', 'investment funds', 'single-entry point', 'transfer agents', 'robust infrastructure', 'real-time monitoring', 'Afore Profuturo', 'Marcia Rothschild', 'Latin America', 'critical step', 'Antonio Sibaja', 'wide range', 'Mexico', 'initiative', 'access', 'collaboration', 'Clearstream', 'expansion', 'connectivity', 'SWIFT', 'region', 'head', 'products', 'capabilities', 'pension', 'future']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,assetservicingtimes.com
2726,Clearstream,Google API,https://blackswanzine.com/global-anaerobic-digester-covers-market-2022-analysis-by-top-players-groth-westech-ovivo-evoqua/,Global Anaerobic Digester Covers Market 2022 Analysis By Top Players,5 hours ago,The MarketsandResearch.biz most recent study  named Global Anaerobic Digester Covers Market from 2022 to 2028  provides a comprehensive overview of the industry  including product descriptions  market segmentation based on a variety of criteria  and current market circumstances. The study examines the global Anaerobic Digester Covers market in depth  including market dynamics  market size  market value  and market growth over the forecast period  both on a compound and annual basis.The study concentrates on new business organisations included in the global Anaerobic Digester Covers market report. When evaluating corporate profiles  the company’s overview  geographical location  product diversity  and recent advancements are all taken into consideration.DOWNLOAD FREE SAMPLE REPORT: https://www.marketsandresearch.biz/sample-request/279023The following key players are included in the market analysis:GROTHWesTechOvivoEvoquaOlympus TechnologiesClearStreamL?J TechnologiesSPS EngineeringFOX EngineeringHydroflux IndustrialThe following are some of the study’s major regions:North America (United States  Canada and Mexico)Europe (Germany  France  United Kingdom  Russia  Italy  and Rest of Europe)Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  Southeast Asia  and Australia)South America (Brazil  Argentina  Colombia  and Rest of South America)Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia  UAE  Egypt  South Africa  and Rest of Middle East & Africa)The product may be classified into many market categories based on:Fixed CoversBuoyant CoversGasholder CoversHydroseal CoversOthersThe category for market segmentation based on use:Sludge TreatmentSewage TreatmentOthersACCESS FULL REPORT: https://www.marketsandresearch.biz/report/279023/global-anaerobic-digester-covers-market-2022-by-manufacturers-regions-type-and-application-forecast-to-2028The research looks at present and future market conditions for the years 2022-2028  gathering insight and information on the many segments that form the global Anaerobic Digester Covers market. It also contains details on strategic partnerships. A SWOT analysis  a financial concept study  and a rate of return analysis are also included in this study.The market development plans for this industry are anticipated in this study. The study looks at the global Anaerobic Digester Covers market from a range of perspectives  including market growth drivers and restraints.Customization of the Report:This report can be customized to meet the client’s requirements. Please connect with our sales team (sales@marketsandresearch.biz)  who will ensure that you get a report that suits your needs. You can also get in touch with our executives on +1-201-465-4211 to share your research requirements.Contact UsMark StoneHead of Business DevelopmentPhone: +1-201-465-4211Email: sales@marketsandresearch.biz,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Global Anaerobic Digester Covers', 'Market 2022 Analysis', 'Top Players', 'global Anaerobic Digester Covers market report', 'DOWNLOAD FREE SAMPLE REPORT', 'new business organisations', 'following key players', 'Business Development Phone', 'current market circumstances', 'future market conditions', 'market development plans', 'L?J Technologies', 'ACCESS FULL REPORT', 'many market categories', 'market growth drivers', 'financial concept study', 'The MarketsandResearch.biz', 'Fixed Covers', 'Buoyant Covers', 'Gasholder Covers', 'Hydroseal Covers', 'market segmentation', 'market dynamics', 'market size', 'market value', 'market analysis', 'Olympus Technologies', 'many segments', 'forecast period', 'annual basis', 'corporate profiles', 'geographical location', 'recent advancements', 'SPS Engineering', 'FOX Engineering', 'Hydroflux Industrial', 'major regions', 'North America', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'Southeast Asia', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Sludge Treatment', 'Sewage Treatment', 'strategic partnerships', 'SWOT analysis', 'return analysis', 'Contact Us', 'Mark Stone', 'product descriptions', 'product diversity', 'comprehensive overview', 'sales team', 'recent study', 'South Africa', 'research requirements', 'industry', 'variety', 'criteria', 'depth', 'compound', 'company', 'consideration', 'request', 'GROTH', 'WesTech', 'Ovivo', 'Evoqua', 'ClearStream', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'France', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Rest', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'Others', 'category', 'use', 'global-anaerobic-digester-covers', 'manufacturers-regions', 'application', 'present', 'years', 'insight', 'information', 'details', 'range', 'perspectives', 'Customization', 'client', 'needs', 'touch', 'executives', 'Head', 'Email']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,blackswanzine.com
2727,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/12/deutsche-bank-aktiengesellschaft-boosts-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey-price-target-to-185-00.html,Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft Boosts Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Price Target to €185.00,2 hours ago,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) had its price target upped by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft from €184.00 ($200.00) to €185.00 ($201.09) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday  The Fly reports. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the financial services provider’s stock.A number of other analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Credit Suisse Group started coverage on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday  March 22nd. UBS Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €175.00 ($190.22) to €180.00 ($195.65) in a research note on Tuesday  February 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €150.00 ($163.04) to €156.00 ($169.57) and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  February 28th. Finally  Citigroup cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday  January 26th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $151.03.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DBOEY stock traded down $0.11 during trading on Tuesday  reaching $18.09. The company had a trading volume of 65 237 shares  compared to its average volume of 278 670. The firm has a 50-day simple moving average of $17.37 and a 200-day simple moving average of $16.92. The company has a market cap of $34.37 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.49 and a beta of 0.79. Deutsche Börse has a twelve month low of $14.77 and a twelve month high of $18.44.Deutsche Börse ( OTCMKTS:DBOEY Get Rating ) last released its earnings results on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter  topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.35 billion during the quarter. Deutsche Börse had a net margin of 27.59% and a return on equity of 18.26%. As a group  analysts expect that Deutsche Börse will post 0.9 earnings per share for the current year.Deutsche Börse Company Profile (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Price Target', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Deutsche Börse Company Profile', '50-day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Investment Fund Services', 'financial services provider', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'average price target', 'twelve month low', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'Five investment analysts', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'DBOEY Get Rating', 'average volume', 'email address', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Royal Bank', 'consensus rating', 'price objective', 'research note', 'The Fly', 'buy” rating', 'other analysts', 'neutral” rating', 'UBS Group', 'sector perform', 'January 26th', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'net margin', 'current year', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'earnings ratio', 'earnings results', 'DBOEY stock', 'trading volume', 'latest news', '0.9 earnings', 'investors', 'Tuesday', 'firm', 'number', 'coverage', 'shares', 'Thursday', 'April', 'March', 'February', 'Canada', 'Monday', 'Citigroup', 'Wednesday', 'data', 'beta', '0.19 EPS', 'quarter', 'revenue', 'return', 'equity', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '27.', '18.']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,defenseworld.net
2728,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/Proxymity+Announces+New+Investment+by+US+Firm+Mediant%2C+With+Citi+and+Deutsche+B%C3%B6rse+Closing+the+%2452m+Series+B/19903007.html,Proxymity Announces New Investment by US Firm Mediant  With Citi and Deutsche Börse Closing the $52m Series B,10 hours ago,"LONDON  April 12  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Proxymity  the leading digital investor communications platform  announced today that Mediant Communications Inc. has invested in its latest Series B fundraising  closing the round at $52 million. Mediant is a leading investor communications provider in the United States  and the tenth strategic investor to join the consortium backing Proxymity.Original consortium members Citi Ventures and Deutsche Börse Group have also participated in the latest closing  and with Mediant are collectively investing a total of $15m  further underscoring confidence in Proxymity's vision for investor communications.New investment by Mediant Communications Inc.  Citi Ventures  and Deutsche Börse Group  announced brings the Series B round to $52 millionOriginal Consortium Investors BNY Mellon  Citi  Computershare  Deutsche Bank  Deutsche Börse  J.P. Morgan  and State Street participated in current round in December 2021The investment by Mediant further broadens the diversity of Proxymity's Consortium  with the North American company set to strategically support the company's growth plans in the region.Arthur Rosenzweig  CEO of Mediant  stated: ""We are pleased to support Proxymity and their transformative platform for global proxy voting and disclosure  as they work to bring the benefits of digital investor communications to the industry as a whole.""Proxymity's Co-Founder and COO Jonathan Smalley commented: ""We are excited to welcome Mediant to Proxymity's distinguished group of investors. In addition to the strength of having seven of the top ten global custodians within the consortium  managing over $200 trillion in assets under custody  we now welcome a new member who will contribute further to our plans to extend our reach in North America and worldwide.""The additional investment by Citi Ventures and Deutsche Börse announced today marks the third time both have invested in Proxymity. Luis Valdich  Managing Director  Citi Ventures  said: ""Citi has been part of the Proxymity story from the beginning  and we are delighted to be part of the company's next stage of growth. The consortium's continued support for the Proxymity vision signifies the value that the platform is bringing to the whole ecosystem.""Proxymity's initial Series B fundraising of $31 million was announced in December 2021  to expand its product and market footprint. The investment round was extended to enable BNP Paribas Securities Services and Mediant to join as new investors to the consortium  with Citi and Deutsche Börse now increasing their investments.Samuel Riley  Head of Clearstream Investor Services & Financing  Deutsche Börse Group  added: ""Deutsche Börse fully shares Proxymity's vision of transparent and efficient investor communication. The ongoing transformation of our industry  characterised by developments in tech and regulation  together with the rising need for digital solutions  have created the ideal momentum for change. We are excited to work with Proxymity and to further support them in making this vision a reality.""Proxymity's investor communications platform connects issuers  intermediaries  and investors via a proprietary digital network. Its industry-leading solutions include real-time and fully transparent digital proxy voting and automating shareholder disclosure requests in industry-compliant formats without the need for any manual intervention.Since its launch in April 2020  Proxymity has provided digital access to over 12 000 meetings in over 25 markets worldwide. The platform was first launched in the UK in 2018  following a collaborative pilot partnership with Computershare  and the company was spun out by Citi in April 2020. Co-founders Dean Little and Jonathan Smalley now lead a successful business serving investor markets worldwide  with a team of over 100 employees.In addition to its London  UK-based HQ  and customer hubs in both Manchester  UK  and Melbourne  Australia  Proxymity will continue to maintain its technology and R&D team in Tel Aviv  Israel.About ProxymityProxymity connects the world's ecosystem of issuers  intermediaries  and investors digitally in real-time  bringing unprecedented transparency  efficiency  and accuracy to traditional paper-based processes. Trusted by the world's largest financial institutions  it is the leading digital investor communications platform  serving over 25 markets worldwide.Our solutions give public companies confidence that their AGM/EGM agendas are transmitted as ""golden source"" and provide institutional investors with the time they need to research and vote on corporate decisions  as well as actual digital confirmation that their votes have been received. The digital-native platform  built on highly scalable technology  provides full compliance with the latest regulations such as the Shareholder Rights Directive (SRD II).Proxymity promotes enhanced environmental  social  and corporate governance (ESG) by improving communication between issuers and investors and making it easier for intermediaries to be efficient  timely and compliant when servicing their clients.The company is backed by a global consortium of the industry's most influential financial institutions (BNP Paribas Securities Services  BNY Mellon  Citi Ventures  Computershare  Deutsche Bank  Deutsche Börse Group  HSBC  Mediant  J.P. Morgan  State Street).For more information  visit https://proxymity.io/For any media enquiries:Kate HamiltonProxymityK.Hamilton@Proxymity.ioRelated ImagesImage 1: Proxymity Proxymity Logo Image 2: Mediant Communications Inc Mediant Logo Image 3: Citi Ventures Citi Ventures Logo Image 4: Deutsche Börse Group Deutsche Börse Group Logo Image 5: Co-Founders Dean Little and Jonathan Smalley Co-Founders Dean Little and Jonathan SmalleyThis content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com.AttachmentProxymity ProxymitySource: Proxymity",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,positive,0.73,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['US Firm Mediant', 'Deutsche Börse', '$52m Series B', 'New Investment', 'Proxymity', 'Citi', 'leading digital investor communications platform', 'top ten global custodians', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'leading investor communications provider', 'initial Series B fundraising', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'latest Series B fundraising', 'transparent digital proxy voting', 'global proxy voting', 'Clearstream Investor Services', 'proprietary digital network', 'actual digital confirmation', 'tenth strategic investor', 'J.P. Morgan', 'collaborative pilot partnership', 'successful business serving', 'traditional paper-based processes', 'largest financial institutions', 'Shareholder Rights Directive', 'efficient investor communication', 'Mediant Communications Inc.', 'COO Jonathan Smalley', 'shareholder disclosure requests', 'London, UK-based HQ', 'R&D team', 'public companies confidence', 'Original consortium members', 'North American company', 'Original Consortium Investors', 'distinguished group', 'digital access', 'Deutsche Bank', 'digital solutions', 'transformative platform', 'digital-native platform', 'latest closing', 'latest regulations', 'investor markets', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'United States', 'BNY Mellon', 'State Street', 'Arthur Rosenzweig', 'new member', 'Luis Valdich', 'Managing Director', 'next stage', 'continued support', 'market footprint', 'Samuel Riley', 'ongoing transformation', 'ideal momentum', 'industry-compliant formats', 'manual intervention', 'Dean Little', 'customer hubs', 'Tel Aviv', 'unprecedented transparency', 'AGM/EGM agendas', 'golden source', 'corporate decisions', 'full compliance', 'SRD II', 'corporate governance', 'New investment', 'additional investment', 'current round', 'industry-leading solutions', 'new investors', 'institutional investors', 'Citi Ventures', 'third time', 'rising need', 'scalable technology', 'investment round', 'Proxymity story', 'growth plans', 'Proxymity vision', '25 markets', 'April', 'total', 'Computershare', 'December', 'diversity', 'region', 'CEO', 'benefits', 'Co-Founder', 'strength', 'assets', 'custody', 'reach', 'beginning', 'value', 'ecosystem', 'product', 'investments', 'Head', 'Financing', 'developments', 'change', 'issuers', 'intermediaries', 'real-time', 'launch', '12,000 meetings', 'founders', '100 employees', 'Manchester', 'Melbourne', 'Australia', 'Israel', 'world', 'efficiency', 'accuracy', 'votes', 'ESG']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,streetinsider.com
2729,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/features/a-history-of-etfs-in-europe/,A history of ETFs in Europe,16 hours ago,A history of ETFs in EuropeOn 11 April 2000  the first two exchange-traded funds (ETFs) based on the Euro Stoxx 50 and the Stoxx Europe 50 were listed on Deutsche Boerse in Germany. With this listing  Merrill Lynch International brought a product to Europe that had been established in the US in 1993. In addition to Germany  the trading of ETFs also began in Sweden  Switzerland and the UK over the course of the year 2000.Even as the first reactions to these new products were positive  no one at the time expected the future success ETFs would experience. The following is a summary of major developments for European ETFs over the past two decades.2001The first year after launch was rather quiet as far as the trading and the listing of new products. This changed over the course of 2001 as State Street Global Advisors launched the first sector ETFs which enabled European investors to speculate on the different sectors of the MSCI Europe for the first time by overweighting or underweighting specific sectors in their portfolios.In addition  investors could use these products as a proxy to implement exposure to a specific sector within their portfolio without the need to select single stocks. Also  the French ETF promoter Lyxor launched the first so-called synthetic ETF that used a swap to track the risk/return profile of the underlying Euro Stoxx 50 index.2003With the launch of the first bond ETF in 2003  Indexchange  which is now a part of BlackRock  enabled investors to buy specific bond markets with a single security.By looking at the assets under management  I would assume these products did not meet the expectations of the ETF issuer  as investors were at that time more focused on equities since the equity markets had started to rally again after the tech bubble burst earlier in the decade.2004As more and more investors  especially in the institutional segment  used ETFs in their portfolios  the demand for access to new markets increased.As a result  issuers launched the first emerging markets equity ETFs  as well as ETFs investing with a geographical focus in real estate investment trusts (REITS) over the course of the year.2005The first strategy ETFs were launched by Lyxor in Europe. These products enabled investors for the first time to implement a specific investment strategy with an ETF.The new strategies ranged from leveraged long strategies to covered-call strategies. In addition to this  EasyETF – a joint venture of AXA Investment Managers and BNP Paribas Asset Management – launched the first commodities ETF.Even as the trend towards smart beta or factor investing ETFs started years later in approximately 2012  the first ETFs that enabled investors in Europe to capture risk premia from different factors were launched in 2005 when Lyxor launched the first ETFs to capture the small cap  growth  and value premia  while BlackRock launched the first ETF with a dividend strategy.2006Commodities ETFs started to become a success when ZKB launched the first ETFs on gold  silver and platinum which were fully backed by specific precious metals in 2006. These products were not only fully backed  but also exchangeable – the investors could claim for physical delivery of the metal.2007At this point  the only missing asset type in the ETF segment was money markets. This gap was closed in 2007 when DWS launched an ETF on the EONIA money market index. In the wake of the upcoming Global Financial Crisis (GFC)  these products immediately found favour with investors in Europe.In addition to this  the range of strategy ETFs was expanded by so-called short strategies – ETFs that enable investors to take advantage of decreasing equity markets.We also witnessed the launch of new strategies in the bond and alternatives sectors  as the first ETFs using credit spreads as well as currency pairs as underlying hedges were introduced. In addition  Lyxor launched the first ETF with a multi-factor strategy (RAFI).This year also marked the first major corporate action since the German ETF issuer Indexchange  then part of Hypovereinsbank  was bought by Barclays Global Investors (BGI) and renamed Barclays Global Investors (Deutschland) later during the year while the respective ETFs were renamed with the iShares branding (the ETF brand of BGI).Graph 1: AUM in the European ETF Industry (30 April 2000-31 March 2022)Source: Refinitiv Lipper2008As a result of the increasing popularity of ETFs in Europe  AUM hit the €100bn mark for the first time in April 2008.Even as the trend toward mixed-assets products was not in place in 2008  we witnessed the launch of the first mixed-assets ETF by DWS during the tough market environment of the GFC.The increased popularity of ETFs was shown by the fact that ETFs enjoyed inflows over the course of the year while mutual funds faced heavy outflows.2009In 2009  DWS launched the first ETF that invested in hedge funds. Even as this segment is lacking in transparency and is highly illiquid  the respective ETF showed the same intraday liquidity as all ETFs. With regard to this  investors did not have to deal with the issues arising from the limited liquidity of a hedge fund when they used this product. Even as Marshall Wace and UBS also launched ETFs with hedge fund indices as underlying in 2010  these products have so far not gathered a lot of interest from European investors.This year also marked the second major corporate transaction in the industry  as the US asset manager BlackRock bought BGI  the asset management arm of Barclays Bank. This deal included iShares and created the world’s largest asset manager.2010On 1 June 2010  the European ETF industry witnessed the launch of the thousandth ETF. Some 65 of these 1000 ETFs have been closed between April 2000 and June 2010. Overall  436 of the 1000 ETFs are still active  as at the end of December 2021. These ETFs were accounting for €476.5 bn – or 35.8% – of the overall AUM of the European ETF industry.2011During the market turmoil of the euro crisis in 2011  ETFs were once again the product type of choice of investors in Europe  as they again showed inflows  while their actively managed peers suffered heavy outflows. With regard to this  it seems that European investors prefer ETFs over actively-managed funds in times of market turmoil.In the aftermath of the euro crisis  European ETF issuers started to launch bond funds that enabled investors to invest in specific segments of the bond markets. The opportunity to avoid or to take the risk from specific market segments or use these ETFs as proxies for single bonds – for example  avoiding the risk from a single bond by buying a basket of bonds with the same or very similar provisions – led to very dynamic growth for bond ETFs overall.2012The next step to enhance the coverage of ETFs focused on asset classes and investment themes were taken by Lyxor in 2012  as the French issuer launched the first ETF that enabled investors to use the S&P 500 VIX Futures index in their portfolios.In May 2012  the global pioneer of index investing Vanguard entered the European ETF market with the launch of five UCITS ETFs.2013The year 2013 started with a big bang with the fourth-largest issuer of ETFs in Europe  Credit Suisse Asset Management  announcing in January that it had sold its ETF business to BlackRock  which integrated the Swiss ETF platform as a local offering into its iShares product offering.2015The US ETF promoter VanEck launched its first two UCITS-compliant ETFs  listed in London  seven years after the firm opened its first European office.2016In 2016  the assets under management in the European ETF industry surpassed €500bn  ending the year with overall assets under management of €514.5bn.2017The takeover of Source by its rival Invesco in April 2017 marked the next major corporate action in the European ETF segment  as the eighth-largest ETF issuer in Europe got bought by the sixteenth largest ETF promoter.Later in the year  Hector McNeil and Nik Bienkowski founded the ETF white-label platform HANetf. While white-label platforms have been established in the mutual funds space for a long time  HANetf is the first white-label platform in the ETF space. This launch shows that the whole ETF ecosystem is advancing while the industry is maturing.This year ended as it started with Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM) announcing the acquisition of the Canvas platform from ETF Securities in November.The success of the European ETF industry raised a lot of interest from the promoters of mutual funds who looked at ETF market entry as a way to enhance their success. As such  the market entry of Fidelity  Franklin Templeton  and JP Morgan Asset Management was not surprising  since these asset managers were already involved in the US ETF market.Nevertheless  the entry of active asset managers into the ETF market has the potential to become a game-changer for the whole asset management industry.2018Since all major asset classes and markets were already covered by ETFs  it is not surprising that ETF launch activity has shifted from a focus on plain vanilla indices to sectors  market segment  or trends. This activity was fuelled by the demand for ESG products as well as demand for specific market sectors in the bond and equity segments.In July 2018  Société Générale acquired ComStage  the ETF arm of German lender Commerzbank to consolidate the position of its ETF arm Lyxor as one of the leading ETF issuers in Europe and to reinforce its presence in Germany  one of the key markets for ETFs in Europe.In addition  promoter VanEck bought the Dutch ETF issuer Think ETF to broaden its ETF portfolio for the European and international markets.2019.On January 16  2019  the global ETF industry received the sad news that the father of index investing Jack Bogle had died at the age of 89. Bogle founded Vanguard in 1974 and created the “First Index Investment Trust” in 1976. This mutual fund was the first index mutual fund available to the general public. Bogle’s idea for this fund was that instead of beating the index and charging high costs  the index fund would mimic the index performance over the long run – therefore achieving higher returns with lower costs than the costs associated with actively managed funds.With net inflows of €106.7bn  the European ETF industry enjoyed inflows of more than €100bn for the first time in history. Additionally  AUM reached €870bn at the end of the year  which marked a new all-time high.2020The year 2020 started with volatile market conditions as the coronavirus put the world in lockdown mode  which may lead to the roughest recession since the 1930s. This being the case  2020 has the potential to become the first year with net outflows since the inception of ETFs in Europe.In March 2020  Credit Suisse AM made its return as an issuer in the European ETF industry with the launch of three UCITS ETFs domiciled in Ireland.2021As the year 2021 started  the European ETF industry hit the next milestone as the AUM in ETFs reached more than €1trn at the end of January 2021. While it took the European ETF industry 16 years to gather the first €500bn in assets under management  the promoters of ETFs needed only five years to double that amount. These numbers depict the dynamic growth pattern of the European ETF industry.In June 2021  Amundi acquired rival Lyxor from SocGen. This transaction came shortly after Lyxor finished the integration of ComStage and shuffled the league table of the largest ETF issuer in Europe around taking Amundi to the new second-largest ETF issuer in Europe.Chart 2: Flows in the European ETF market (11 April 2000-31 March 2022)Source: Refinitiv LipperAt the end of 2021  the European ETF industry hit another milestone as the annual inflows into ETFs in Europe (€161bn) topped the €150bn mark for the first time in history.Detlef Glow is head of Lipper EMEA Research at Refinitiv  a London Stock Exchange businessRelated stories,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.04,0.15,0.8,True,English,"['history', 'ETFs', 'Europe', 'real estate investment trusts', 'State Street Global Advisors', 'upcoming Global Financial Crisis', 'first emerging markets equity ETFs', 'EONIA money market index', 'BNP Paribas Asset Management', 'first major corporate action', 'first two exchange-traded funds', 'underlying Euro Stoxx 50 index', 'German ETF issuer Indexchange', 'past two decades', 'missing asset type', 'tough market environment', 'AXA Investment Managers', 'Merrill Lynch International', 'same intraday liquidity', 'specific precious metals', 'specific investment strategy', 'French ETF promoter', 'European ETF Industry', 'specific bond markets', 'Barclays Global Investors', 'first commodities ETF', 'first mixed-assets ETF', 'first bond ETF', 'first sector ETFs', 'first strategy ETFs', 'equity markets', 'money markets', 'specific sector', 'major developments', 'underlying hedges', 'first ETF', 'new markets', 'mutual funds', 'hedge funds', 'first reactions', 'dividend strategy', 'multi-factor strategy', 'synthetic ETF', 'ETF brand', 'respective ETF', 'Commodities ETFs', 'first time', 'European ETFs', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'different sectors', 'single stocks', 'risk/return profile', 'single security', 'tech bubble', 'geographical focus', 'new strategies', 'long strategies', 'call strategies', 'joint venture', 'smart beta', 'risk premia', 'different factors', 'small cap', 'value premia', 'physical delivery', 'short strategies', 'alternatives sectors', 'credit spreads', 'currency pairs', 'iShares branding', 'Refinitiv Lipper', '€100bn mark', 'heavy outflows', 'ETF segment', 'Stoxx Europe', 'mixed-assets products', 'first year', 'investing ETFs', 'European investors', 'institutional segment', 'future success', 'increasing popularity', 'new products', 'MSCI Europe', 'history', '11 April', 'Germany', 'listing', 'addition', 'trading', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'UK', 'course', 'summary', 'launch', 'portfolios', 'proxy', 'exposure', 'need', 'Lyxor', 'swap', 'part', 'BlackRock', 'expectations', 'equities', 'demand', 'access', 'result', 'issuers', 'REITS', 'covered', 'EasyETF', 'trend', 'growth', 'ZKB', 'gold', 'silver', 'platinum', 'point', 'gap', 'DWS', 'wake', 'GFC', 'favour', 'range', 'advantage', 'decreasing', 'RAFI', 'Hypovereinsbank', 'BGI', 'Deutschland', 'AUM', 'March', 'Source', 'place', 'inflows', 'transparency', 'regard']",2022-11-04,2022-04-12,etfstream.com
2730,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-outperforms-market-despite-losses-on-the-day-01649711355-8c536d0e838d,Nasdaq Inc. stock outperforms market despite losses on the day,1 day ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -1.24% slipped 0.59% to $182.33 Monday  on what proved to be an all-around poor trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  -0.34% falling 1.69% to 4 412.53 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -0.26% falling 1.19% to 34 308.08. Nasdaq Inc. closed $32.63 short of its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company achieved on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Monday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -1.07% fell 2.78% to $44.00  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -1.59% fell 1.10% to $239.84  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  -1.05% fell 0.58% to $18.09. Trading volume (818 391) remained 24 071 below its 50-day average volume of 842 462.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.1,0.4,0.5,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'market', 'losses', 'day', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', 'around poor trading session', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'market data terms', 'Trading volume', 'stock market', '52-week high', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Automated Insights', 'Shares', 'Monday', 'company', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use', '0.5']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,marketwatch.com
2731,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://investorintel.com/markets/esports-gaming/esports-gaming-news/klocked-announces-indoor-running-feature-compatible-with-coros-watches/,Klocked Announces Indoor Running Feature Compatible with Coros Watches,8 hours ago,“Immersing runners in a 3D and augmented reality audio and video experience before  during  and after their run is totally unique to Klocked ” says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital and co-creator of Klocked fitness app. “Working with Coros watches is a key goal to help runners create epic sports moments indoors and out.”Compatible watches  treadmills  and sneakers are paired to the Klocked app to provide more accurate activity data which helps with indoor and outdoor activity tracking.Earlier this year  Klocked announced at the CES Tech Event in Las Vegas compatibility with Under Armour* sneakers and Bowflex treadmills. The Klocked app adds Bluetooth connectivity to wearables from Coros   Under Armour  Run  and Bowflex that track and transmit cadence  stride length  distance  and other data in real-time.April 12  2022 ( Source ) – ePlay Digital Inc . (CSE:EPY)( OTC:EPYFF)( FSE:2NY2) (the “Company”) today announced that Klocked’s revolutionary real-time Sports Science Platform is now compatible with Coros* watches. In the next Klocked app update  Coros Pace 2  Apex Pro  Vertix  and Vertix 2 watches will connect in the Klocked 2D Activity Menu by tapping the Bluetooth symbol.Klocked new 3rd party watch  treadmill  and sneaker compatibility supports existing Klocked audio and video cues  adaptive music to optimize cadence  pre-race and in-race coaching  and the P4 AI performance-enhancing audio cues that improve training and race-day performance. Real-time evaluation is powered by Klocked P4 AI and Weav Music ‘s performance-enhancing adaptive music & AR coaching technology.Klocked’s Coros features will be released in the next version of the free Klocked App . Existing users will receive the Coros compatibility update automatically. This new athlete-friendly feature is part of a series of new features including Siri Shortcuts  P4AI  Coach Kelly  and Weav Music announced previously.Klocked P4 AIKlocked helps everybody to get outdoors and provides daily real-time motivation towards healthy living. The Klocked P4 AI system augments a user’s experience with real-time and interval audio cues making fitness fun  competitive  and gamified. Klocked not only equips users with motivation but with real-time information and data that is not available anywhere else. Klocked P4 AI includes Place  Placement  Performance  and Personal Best Augmented Reality (AR).Coach KellyCoach Kelly joins Klocked users on race and fun run days. Upcoming races and fun runs include Berlin  Paris  and New York. Join 30-minutes before start time and Coach Kelly walks participants through the upcoming event. Coach Kelly is with you at race start  during the race  and through to the finish line. Check out the schedule .More Sports ScienceAdditional Advanced Sports Science Features include:Placement visual and audio cues to advance race position by gender and age divisionGamification to advance to the next levelLeaderboards by age and gender divisionsSpecial challenges and racesBonus points and special effects for passing and participating in challengesEarn real and augmented reality t-shirts  race bibs  and medalsKlocked Sports Science Platform is now available in the free Klocked App .About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including their new augmented reality running app  Klocked.run   sports gaming app Fan Freak   flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration – HowiesGames.com . ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay’s wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo eSports specializes in augmented reality  mobile game development and mobile eSports streaming.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral – iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES – iOSOutbreak Unlimited – iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES – iOSSwishAR – iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball – iOS / AndroidBig Swish – iOSBig Shot Swish ES – iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App – Klocked.meFan Freak Sports App*Coros and its brands are registered trademarks of Coros in the United States and other countries. Under Armour and HOVR are registered trademarks of Under Armour in the United States and other countries. Peloton is a registered trademark of Peloton in the United States and other countries. Meta  Supernatural  and Facebook are registered trademarks of Meta in the United States and other countries. Lululemon Mirror is a registered trademark of Lululemon in the United States and other countries. NordicTrack is a registered trademark of NordicTrack in the United States and other countries.Further InformationFurther details are available under the Company’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company’s profile on the CSE’s website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.(310) 684-3857‬E-mail: info@eplaydigital.comWebsite: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra – Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.23,0.13,True,English,"['Indoor Running Feature', 'Coros Watches', 'Klocked', 'Klocked new 3rd party watch', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'Additional Advanced Sports Science Features', 'new augmented reality running app', 'The Klocked P4 AI system', 'revolutionary real-time Sports Science Platform', 'P4 AI performance-enhancing audio cues', 'iOS Big Shot Swish ES', 'Klocked Augmented Reality Fitness App', 'Personal Best Augmented Reality', 'Klocked Sports Science Platform', 'digital technology industry experts', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'Klocked 2D Activity Menu', 'Fan Freak Sports App', 'next Klocked app update', 'augmented reality audio', 'augmented reality t-shirts', 'The Klocked app', 'Big Shot Basketball', 'Howie Go Viral', 'mobile game development', 'Klocked fitness app', 'Android Big Swish', 'new athlete-friendly feature', 'epic sports moments', 'outdoor activity tracking', 'interval audio cues', 'free Klocked App', 'sports gaming app', 'performance-enhancing adaptive music', 'mobile game creator', 'CES Tech Event', 'Time Warner Cable', 'mobile eSports streaming', 'existing Klocked audio', 'accurate activity data', 'AR coaching technology', 'Android Outbreak ES', 'ePlay Digital Inc', 'daily real-time motivation', 'Coros compatibility update', 'fun run days', 'new features', 'Under Armour* sneakers', 'game titles', 'fitness fun', 'New York', 'video cues', 'SwishAR ES', 'Coros features', 'next version', 'next level', 'start time', 'upcoming event', 'Outbreak Unlimited', 'Klocked.run', 'Real-time evaluation', 'real-time information', 'fun runs', 'Klocked users', 'Weav Music', 'Existing users', 'race coaching', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'key goal', 'Compatible watches', 'Las Vegas', 'Bluetooth connectivity', 'stride length', 'other data', 'Apex Pro', 'Bluetooth symbol', 'sneaker compatibility', 'Siri Shortcuts', 'Coach Kelly', 'healthy living', 'finish line', 'Special challenges', 'Bonus points', 'special effects', 'challenges Earn', 'flagship title', 'award-winning team', 'eSports leaders', 'software engineers', 'Sony Pictures', 'AXS TV', 'Mobovivo eSports', 'United States', 'other countries', 'registered trademark', 'Further Information', 'Further details', 'Coros watches', 'Coros* watches', 'Coros Pace', 'race start', 'race position', 'race bibs', 'video experience', 'Vertix 2 watches', 'race-day performance', 'Upcoming races', 'Placement visual', 'age division', 'gender divisions', 'Lululemon Mirror', 'Bowflex treadmills', 'runners', '3D', 'CEO', 'indoor', 'wearables', 'cadence', 'distance', 'April', 'Source', 'CSE', 'EPY', 'OTC', 'FSE', '2NY', 'Company', 'training', 'series', 'P4AI', 'everybody', 'Berlin', 'Paris', 'participants', 'schedule', 'Gamification', 'Leaderboards', 'medals', 'publisher', 'HowiesGames', 'broadcast', 'athletes', 'dozens', 'market', 'companies', 'ESPN', 'Intel', 'AXN', 'Fiat', 'CBS', 'others', 'subsidiary', 'brands', 'trademarks', 'HOVR', 'Peloton', 'Meta', 'Supernatural', 'Facebook', 'NordicTrack', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'website']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,investorintel.com
2732,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://plainsmenpost.com/etf-march-round-up-crypto-and-nickel-on-top/,ETF March Round-up: Crypto and Nickel on Top,9 hours ago,The top 20 list of exchange traded products is led in March by two 21Shares’ crypto ETPs. One is exposed to Aave  which is an open-source  decentralized lending protocol built on the Ethereum platform and Solana.Then there are four trackers exposed to nickel. The industrial metal  which used mainly to make stainless steel  coins and batteries  including those used in hybrid vehicles  experienced last month a “short squeeze”. This involves a sharp rise in the value of an asset that forces short investors – namely those who had bet on a fall in that same asset – to buy it to avoid losing everything  which of course pushes the price up even further.On March 8  nickel futures hit an all-time high of more than $100 000 per ton  with an intraday jump of 90%  forcing the London Metal Exchange to suspend trading for a week and introduce a series of trading limits once it reopened.Russia accounts for around 10% of global nickel production and traders are concerned that supplies could be severely constrained by Western sanctions on Moscow. “The risk that there could be another short squeeze in the near term remains high in the nickel market ” reads a recent note released by S&P Global Commodity Insight  “so we have increased our forecast for the price of this metal in 2022 by 46 % to $32 868 a tonne.”“A short-term risk of another short squeeze in the nickel market remains”  the note adds.The price of natural gas also continues to be affected by the war in Ukraine and geopolitical tensions. Indeed  traders fear that Russian gas supplies (which largely pass through Ukraine) could be cut off as the conflict escalates or that Russian gas supplied through other pipelines could be halted by Western sanctions. According to many experts  alternatives such as liquefied natural gas (LNG) from the United States would struggle to fill the hole left if Russian exports were to be cut off  in addition to the fact that prices would rise sharply.Finally  the general rise in commodity prices is benefiting exporting countries  especially Brazil  which is seeing the real recover against the US dollar  at its highest level for two years  and its domestic equity market outperform the emerging countries as a whole (ETFs exposed to Brazilian stocks are not included in the table  as they come just after the 15th position  with returns ranging from 15.2% to 16% in March).The LaggardsOn March 4  Euronext  Borsa Italiana  Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange suspended trading on several Russia ETFs until further notice. The move came after all ETF issuers offering exposure to Russia were forced to halt primary market trading after liquidity in the underlying holdings vanished. The Moscow Stock Exchange has been closed since February 28 (it partially reopened on March 24) after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions imposed by western economies sent markets into free fall. Those ETFs  therefore  were not considered for our rankings for the month.The bottom three podium is occupied by three trackers of the STOXX Europe 600 Retail Index (provided by Invesco  iShares and Lyxor). Stocks exposed to the retail sector have been particularly affected by the substantial failure of the peace negotiations between Moscow and kyiv and the uncertainty surrounding the development of the conflict  with fears of the possible economic consequences of Western sanctions on European economies weighing heavily.Chinese equities also struggled  hit by one of the most volatile months ever. Stocks suffered from a new wave of Coronavirus cases that shook the country last month and convinced the authorities in Beijing to opt for new lockdowns. According to Morningstar research  Chinese equities are trading on average at a 32% discount to fair value (in euros  as of April 7)  but inviting valuations alone are not a good reason to jump in.Over the past 20 years  Chinese equities have roughly matched the after-inflation return posted by the stronger developed markets  and they have exceeded those of stock market underperformers such as Japan  Spain  and Italy. However  given the high volatility of Chinese stocks  their risk/reward profile has been less attractive. Morningstar columnist John Rekenthaler looks at the problem with Chinese investing in his recent “What Went Wrong?” column.The Biggest ETFsAbove is an overview of the biggest European-domiciled ETPs in terms of assets  which could be more appropriate to consider among core holdings. Performances in March 2022 go from 4.67% of the iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (CSP1) and Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS ETF (VUSD)  down to the iShares Core € Corp Bond ETF (IEAC)  which lost 1.22% last month.MethodologyAccording to Morningstar data  there are about 73 percentage points between the best and worst performing European exchange-traded products (ETPs) in March  with returns for the month ranging from 57.2% to -16%.We have looked at the key trends in the third month of the year  excluding inverse and leveraged funds. These instruments  being purely passive products  reflect the evolution of the markets without the bias (good or bad) of an active manager.Monthly top and flop performers often coincide with very volatile and therefore risky products  which should play a satellite role in your portfolio.,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,negative,0.01,0.1,0.88,True,English,"['March Round-up', 'ETF', 'Crypto', 'Nickel', 'Top', 'Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS ETF', 'S&P Global Commodity Insight', 'iShares Core S&P 500 ETF', 'iShares Core € Corp Bond ETF', 'worst performing European exchange-traded products', 'open-source, decentralized lending protocol', 'STOXX Europe 600 Retail Index', 'two 21Shares’ crypto ETPs', 'The Moscow Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'global nickel production', 'possible economic consequences', 'stock market underperformers', 'biggest European-domiciled ETPs', 'bottom three podium', 'London Metal Exchange', 'domestic equity market', 'liquefied natural gas', 'stronger developed markets', 'The Biggest ETFs', 'primary market trading', 'Russian gas supplies', 'several Russia ETFs', 'ETF issuers', 'core holdings', 'European economies', 'commodity prices', 'two years', 'The Laggards', 'retail sector', 'passive products', 'three trackers', 'nickel market', 'Russian exports', 'top 20 list', 'Ethereum platform', 'four trackers', 'industrial metal', 'stainless steel', 'hybrid vehicles', 'short squeeze', 'sharp rise', 'short investors', 'nickel futures', 'time high', 'intraday jump', 'Western sanctions', 'near term', 'geopolitical tensions', 'other pipelines', 'many experts', 'United States', 'general rise', 'exporting countries', 'real recover', 'US dollar', 'highest level', 'emerging countries', '15th position', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'underlying holdings', 'subsequent sanctions', 'western economies', 'substantial failure', 'peace negotiations', 'Chinese equities', 'volatile months', 'new wave', 'Coronavirus cases', 'new lockdowns', 'Morningstar research', 'good reason', 'past 20 years', 'inflation return', 'high volatility', 'risk/reward profile', 'Morningstar columnist', 'John Rekenthaler', 'Chinese investing', 'Morningstar data', '73 percentage points', 'key trends', 'leveraged funds', 'trading limits', 'same asset', 'recent note', 'short-term risk', 'Brazilian stocks', 'free fall', 'fair value', 'Chinese stocks', 'third month', 'March', 'Aave', 'Solana', 'coins', 'batteries', 'everything', 'ton', 'week', 'series', 'traders', 'forecast', 'Ukraine', 'conflict', 'alternatives', 'LNG', 'hole', 'addition', 'fact', 'table', 'returns', 'Euronext', 'notice', 'move', 'exposure', 'liquidity', 'February', 'invasion', 'rankings', 'Invesco', 'Lyxor', 'kyiv', 'uncertainty', 'development', 'fears', 'country', 'authorities', 'Beijing', '32% discount', 'euros', 'April', 'valuations', 'Japan', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'problem', 'overview', 'terms', 'assets', 'Performances', 'CSP', 'VUSD', 'IEAC', 'Methodology', 'best', 'inverse', 'instruments', 'evolution', '57.']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,plainsmenpost.com
2733,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/12/deutsche-bank-aktiengesellschaft-boosts-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey-price-target-to-185-00.html,Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft Boosts Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Price Target to €185.00,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) had its price target upped by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft from €184.00 ($200.00) to €185.00 ($201.09) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday  The Fly reports. The fir ...,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) had its price target upped by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft from €184.00 ($200.00) to €185.00 ($201.09) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday  The Fly reports. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the financial services provider’s stock.A number of other analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Credit Suisse Group started coverage on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday  March 22nd. UBS Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €175.00 ($190.22) to €180.00 ($195.65) in a research note on Tuesday  February 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €150.00 ($163.04) to €156.00 ($169.57) and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  February 28th. Finally  Citigroup cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday  January 26th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $151.03.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DBOEY stock traded down $0.11 during trading on Tuesday  reaching $18.09. The company had a trading volume of 65 237 shares  compared to its average volume of 278 670. The firm has a 50-day simple moving average of $17.37 and a 200-day simple moving average of $16.92. The company has a market cap of $34.37 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.49 and a beta of 0.79. Deutsche Börse has a twelve month low of $14.77 and a twelve month high of $18.44.Deutsche Börse ( OTCMKTS:DBOEY Get Rating ) last released its earnings results on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter  topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.35 billion during the quarter. Deutsche Börse had a net margin of 27.59% and a return on equity of 18.26%. As a group  analysts expect that Deutsche Börse will post 0.9 earnings per share for the current year.Deutsche Börse Company Profile (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Price Target', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Deutsche Börse Company Profile', '50-day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Investment Fund Services', 'financial services provider', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'average price target', 'twelve month low', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'Five investment analysts', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'DBOEY Get Rating', 'average volume', 'email address', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Royal Bank', 'consensus rating', 'price objective', 'research note', 'The Fly', 'buy” rating', 'other analysts', 'neutral” rating', 'UBS Group', 'sector perform', 'January 26th', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'net margin', 'current year', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'earnings ratio', 'earnings results', 'DBOEY stock', 'trading volume', 'latest news', '0.9 earnings', 'investors', 'Tuesday', 'firm', 'number', 'coverage', 'shares', 'Thursday', 'April', 'March', 'February', 'Canada', 'Monday', 'Citigroup', 'Wednesday', 'data', 'beta', '0.19 EPS', 'quarter', 'revenue', 'return', 'equity', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '27.', '18.']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,defenseworld.net
2734,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2022/04/12/deutsche-bank-aktiengesellschaft-increases-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey-price-target-to-185-00/,Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft Increases Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Price Target to €185.00,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) had its target price raised by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft from €184.00 ($200.00) to €185.00 ($201.09) in a report issued on Tuesday  The Fly reports. The firm presently has a ...,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) had its target price raised by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft from €184.00 ($200.00) to €185.00 ($201.09) in a report issued on Tuesday  The Fly reports. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the financial services provider’s stock.Other analysts also recently issued reports about the company. UBS Group raised their target price on Deutsche Börse from €175.00 ($190.22) to €180.00 ($195.65) in a research note on Tuesday  February 22nd. Citigroup downgraded Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday  January 26th. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price objective on Deutsche Börse from €150.00 ($163.04) to €156.00 ($169.57) and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  February 28th. Exane BNP Paribas upgraded Deutsche Börse from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a €180.00 ($195.65) price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Finally  Morgan Stanley decreased their target price on Deutsche Börse from €174.60 ($189.78) to €171.20 ($186.09) and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday  February 15th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat  the company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $151.03.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:OTCMKTS:DBOEY traded down $0.11 during mid-day trading on Tuesday  reaching $18.09. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 65 237 shares  compared to its average volume of 278 670. Deutsche Börse has a 1 year low of $14.77 and a 1 year high of $18.44. The stock has a fifty day moving average of $17.37 and a 200-day moving average of $16.92. The firm has a market capitalization of $34.37 billion  a PE ratio of 23.49 and a beta of 0.79.Deutsche Börse ( OTCMKTS:DBOEY Get Rating ) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.01. Deutsche Börse had a net margin of 27.59% and a return on equity of 18.26%. The firm had revenue of $1.35 billion for the quarter. As a group  equities analysts forecast that Deutsche Börse will post 0.9 earnings per share for the current year.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoWant More Great Investing Ideas?Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.26,0.25,0.49,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Price Target', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'More Great Investing Ideas', 'Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'fifty day moving average', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'Five equities research analysts', 'concise daily summary', '200-day moving average', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'financial services provider', 'Investment Fund Services', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'average target price', 'quarterly earnings data', 'DBOEY Get Rating', 'consensus rating', 'equities analysts', 'average volume', 'email address', 'investment analysts', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Cash Equities', 'Royal Bank', 'Other analysts', 'research note', 'buy” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'buy rating', 'price objective', 'The Fly', 'March 15th', 'Morgan Stanley', 'mid-day trading', 'trading volume', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'net margin', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'analytics business', 'related companies', ""analysts' ratings"", 'research report', 'hold rating', '1 year low', 'current year', 'UBS Group', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', '$0.19 earnings', '0.9 earnings', 'OTCMKTS', 'Tuesday', 'firm', 'stock', 'reports', 'company', 'February', 'Citigroup', 'Wednesday', 'January', 'Canada', 'Monday', '65,237 shares', 'beta', 'EPS', 'return', 'equity', 'revenue', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', '€', '0.00', '27.']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,etfdailynews.com
2735,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://ca.news.yahoo.com/proxymity-announces-investment-us-firm-110000319.html,Proxymity Announces New Investment by US Firm Mediant  With Citi and Deutsche Börse Closing the $52m Series B,Original consortium members Citi Ventures and Deutsche Börse Group have also participated in the latest closing  and with Mediant are collectively investing a total of $15m  further underscoring confidence in Proxymity's vision for investor communications.,"ImageUS financial services provider Mediant Communications Inc.  becomes the latest investor to join the Proxymity Consortium  following recent BNP Paribas announcement in March 2022ProxymityProxymityLONDON  April 12  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Proxymity  the leading digital investor communications platform  announced today that Mediant Communications Inc. has invested in its latest Series B fundraising  closing the round at $52 million. Mediant is a leading investor communications provider in the United States  and the tenth strategic investor to join the consortium backing Proxymity.Original consortium members Citi Ventures and Deutsche Börse Group have also participated in the latest closing  and with Mediant are collectively investing a total of $15m  further underscoring confidence in Proxymity's vision for investor communications.New investment by Mediant Communications Inc.  Citi Ventures  and Deutsche Börse Group  announced brings the Series B round to $52 millionOriginal Consortium Investors BNY Mellon  Citi  Computershare  Deutsche Bank  Deutsche Börse  J.P. Morgan  and State Street participated in current round in December 2021The investment by Mediant further broadens the diversity of Proxymity's Consortium  with the North American company set to strategically support the company's growth plans in the region.Arthur Rosenzweig  CEO of Mediant  stated: ""We are pleased to support Proxymity and their transformative platform for global proxy voting and disclosure  as they work to bring the benefits of digital investor communications to the industry as a whole.""Proxymity's Co-Founder and COO Jonathan Smalley commented: ""We are excited to welcome Mediant to Proxymity's distinguished group of investors. In addition to the strength of having seven of the top ten global custodians within the consortium  managing over $200 trillion in assets under custody  we now welcome a new member who will contribute further to our plans to extend our reach in North America and worldwide.""Story continuesThe additional investment by Citi Ventures and Deutsche Börse announced today marks the third time both have invested in Proxymity. Luis Valdich  Managing Director  Citi Ventures  said: ""Citi has been part of the Proxymity story from the beginning  and we are delighted to be part of the company's next stage of growth. The consortium's continued support for the Proxymity vision signifies the value that the platform is bringing to the whole ecosystem.""Proxymity's initial Series B fundraising of $31 million was announced in December 2021  to expand its product and market footprint. The investment round was extended to enable BNP Paribas Securities Services and Mediant to join as new investors to the consortium  with Citi and Deutsche Börse now increasing their investments.Samuel Riley  Head of Clearstream Investor Services & Financing  Deutsche Börse Group  added: ""Deutsche Börse fully shares Proxymity's vision of transparent and efficient investor communication. The ongoing transformation of our industry  characterised by developments in tech and regulation  together with the rising need for digital solutions  have created the ideal momentum for change. We are excited to work with Proxymity and to further support them in making this vision a reality.""Proxymity's investor communications platform connects issuers  intermediaries  and investors via a proprietary digital network. Its industry-leading solutions include real-time and fully transparent digital proxy voting and automating shareholder disclosure requests in industry-compliant formats without the need for any manual intervention.Since its launch in April 2020  Proxymity has provided digital access to over 12 000 meetings in over 25 markets worldwide. The platform was first launched in the UK in 2018  following a collaborative pilot partnership with Computershare  and the company was spun out by Citi in April 2020. Co-founders Dean Little and Jonathan Smalley now lead a successful business serving investor markets worldwide  with a team of over 100 employees.In addition to its London  UK-based HQ  and customer hubs in both Manchester  UK  and Melbourne  Australia  Proxymity will continue to maintain its technology and R&D team in Tel Aviv  Israel.About ProxymityProxymity connects the world's ecosystem of issuers  intermediaries  and investors digitally in real-time  bringing unprecedented transparency  efficiency  and accuracy to traditional paper-based processes. Trusted by the world's largest financial institutions  it is the leading digital investor communications platform  serving over 25 markets worldwide.Our solutions give public companies confidence that their AGM/EGM agendas are transmitted as ""golden source"" and provide institutional investors with the time they need to research and vote on corporate decisions  as well as actual digital confirmation that their votes have been received. The digital-native platform  built on highly scalable technology  provides full compliance with the latest regulations such as the Shareholder Rights Directive (SRD II).Proxymity promotes enhanced environmental  social  and corporate governance (ESG) by improving communication between issuers and investors and making it easier for intermediaries to be efficient  timely and compliant when servicing their clients.The company is backed by a global consortium of the industry's most influential financial institutions (BNP Paribas Securities Services  BNY Mellon  Citi Ventures  Computershare  Deutsche Bank  Deutsche Börse Group  HSBC  Mediant  J.P. Morgan  State Street).For more information  visit https://proxymity.io/For any media enquiries:Kate HamiltonProxymityK.Hamilton@Proxymity.ioRelated ImagesImage 1: ProxymityProxymity LogoImage 2: Mediant Communications IncMediant LogoImage 3: Citi VenturesCiti Ventures LogoImage 4: Deutsche Börse GroupDeutsche Börse Group LogoImage 5: Co-Founders Dean Little and Jonathan SmalleyCo-Founders Dean Little and Jonathan SmalleyThis content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,positive,0.7,0.27,0.03,True,English,"['US Firm Mediant', 'Deutsche Börse', '$52m Series B', 'New Investment', 'Proxymity', 'Citi', 'Image US financial services provider', 'leading digital investor communications platform', 'recent BNP Paribas announcement', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'leading investor communications provider', 'top ten global custodians', 'initial Series B fundraising', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'latest Series B fundraising', 'transparent digital proxy voting', 'global proxy voting', 'Clearstream Investor Services', 'largest financial institutions', 'proprietary digital network', 'actual digital confirmation', 'tenth strategic investor', 'efficient investor communication', 'J.P. Morgan', 'collaborative pilot partnership', 'successful business serving', 'traditional paper-based processes', 'Shareholder Rights Direc', 'Mediant Communications Inc.', 'COO Jonathan Smalley', 'shareholder disclosure requests', 'London, UK-based HQ', 'R&D team', 'public companies confidence', 'Original consortium members', 'North American company', 'Original Consortium Investors', 'latest investor', 'distinguished group', 'digital access', 'Deutsche Bank', 'digital solutions', 'transformative platform', 'digital-native platform', 'investor markets', 'latest closing', 'latest regulations', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'United States', 'BNY Mellon', 'State Street', 'Arthur Rosenzweig', 'new member', 'Luis Valdich', 'Managing Director', 'next stage', 'continued support', 'market footprint', 'Samuel Riley', 'ongoing transformation', 'ideal momentum', 'industry-compliant formats', 'manual intervention', 'Dean Little', 'customer hubs', 'Tel Aviv', 'unprecedented transparency', 'AGM/EGM agendas', 'golden source', 'corporate decisions', 'full compliance', 'New investment', 'additional investment', 'current round', 'new investors', 'industry-leading solutions', 'institutional investors', 'Citi Ventures', 'third time', 'rising need', 'scalable technology', 'investment round', 'growth plans', 'Proxymity Consortium', 'Proxymity story', 'Proxymity vision', 'Proxymity Proxymity', '25 markets', 'March', 'April', 'total', 'Computershare', 'December', 'diversity', 'region', 'CEO', 'benefits', 'Co-Founder', 'strength', 'assets', 'custody', 'reach', 'beginning', 'value', 'ecosystem', 'product', 'investments', 'Head', 'Financing', 'developments', 'change', 'issuers', 'intermediaries', 'real-time', 'launch', '12,000 meetings', '100 employees', 'Manchester', 'Melbourne', 'Australia', 'Israel', 'world', 'efficiency', 'accuracy', 'votes', 'highly']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,ca.news.yahoo.com
2736,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,nan,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2737,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,nan,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3', 'Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2738,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hybrid-software-group-plc-notice-090200895.html,Hybrid Software Group PLC: Notice of Annual General Meeting,PRESS RELEASE HYBRID SOFTWARE GROUP PLC: NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Cambridge (UK) 12 April 2022: Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) announces ...,Hybrid Software GroupPRESS RELEASEHYBRID SOFTWARE GROUP PLC: NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGCambridge (UK) 12 April 2022: Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) announces details of its Annual General Meeting.Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Hybrid Software Group PLC (the “Company”) will be held by video conference on Tuesday 10 May 2022 at 11:00 hrs (CEST).A copy of the notice  including explanatory notes  is available on the Company’s web site at https://www.hybridsoftware.group/investors/shareholders-annual-general-meeting. The meeting notice and explanatory notes have also been mailed to the registered address of all registered shareholders.All proxy voting will be conducted electronically via the Company’s share registrar  Link Group. Details of which have been provided to registered shareholders. For shares held in nominee accounts please contact the nominee account provider to establish their process for submitting proxy votes.Registered shareholders are invited to join the meeting by video conference and must register by 15:00 hrs (CEST) on Monday 9 May 2022. To register for the meeting please email your request to investor-relations@hybridsoftware.group.About Hybrid Software GroupThrough its operating subsidiaries  Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) is a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturing. Customers include press manufacturers such as HP  Canon  Durst  Roland  Hymmen  and hundreds of packaging printers  trade shops  and converters worldwide.Hybrid Software Group PLC is headquartered in Cambridge UK. Its subsidiary companies are colour technology experts ColorLogic  printing software developers Global Graphics Software  enterprise software developer HYBRID Software  3D design and modelling software developers iC3D  the industrial printhead driver solutions specialists  Meteor Inkjet and pre-press workflow developer Xitron.ContactsJill Taylor Graeme Huttley Corporate Communications Director Chief Financial Officer Tel: +44 (0)1223 926489 Tel: +44 (0)1223 926472 Email: jill.taylor@hybridsoftware.group Email: graeme.huttley@hybridsoftware.group,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Jill Taylor Graeme Huttley Corporate Communications Director', 'industrial printhead driver solutions specialists', 'HYBRID SOFTWARE GROUP PLC', 'industrial print manufacturing', 'printing software developers', 'Global Graphics Software', 'modelling software developers', 'colour technology experts', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'jill.taylor', 'pre-press workflow developer', 'nominee account provider', 'enterprise software developer', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Link Group', 'leading developer', 'nominee accounts', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'video conference', 'Tuesday 10 May', 'explanatory notes', 'web site', 'registered address', 'proxy voting', 'share registrar', 'proxy votes', 'Monday 9 May', 'operating subsidiaries', 'press manufacturers', 'packaging printers', 'trade shops', 'subsidiary companies', '3D design', 'Meteor Inkjet', 'registered shareholders', 'meeting notice', 'Cambridge UK', 'Euronext', 'HYSG', 'details', 'AGM', 'Company', '11:00 hrs', 'CEST', 'copy', 'hybridsoftware', 'investors', 'annual-general-meeting', 'shares', 'process', '15:00 hrs', 'request', 'relations', 'Customers', 'HP', 'Canon', 'Durst', 'Roland', 'Hymmen', 'hundreds', 'converters', 'ColorLogic', 'iC3D', 'Xitron', 'Contacts', 'Email']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2739,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-announces-upcoming-pre-clinical-050000717.html,Oxurion Announces Upcoming Pre-Clinical Data Presentation on THR-687 for the Treatment of Diabetic Macular Edema at the 2022 Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – 11 April 2022 – 7.00 AM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation ...,Oxurion NVLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – 11 April 2022 – 7.00 AM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with a clinical stage portfolio in vascular retinal disorders  will be presenting pre-clinical data from a study evaluating THR-687 for treatment of diabetic macular edema (DME) at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting being held in Denver  Colorado on May 1-4th and virtually on May 11-12th. The presentation will review pre-clinical data supporting THR-687 providing protection against retinal vascular permeability  inflammation and reactive gliosis in the diabetic rat.THR-687 is a highly selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist that is initially being developed as a potential first line therapy for DME patients and may have the potential to deliver improved treatment outcomes for patients with wet macular degeneration (wet AMD) and macular edema following retinal vein occlusion (ME-RVO). Oxurion is currently evaluating THR-687 in a two-part Phase 2 clinical trial (“INTEGRAL”) in patients with DME. Part A dose optimization data from the INTEGRAL trial is anticipated in the first half of 2022. If successful  the efficacy and safety of THR-687 versus aflibercept (the current standard of care) will be evaluated in Part B of the INTEGRAL Phase 2 clinical trial in both treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced patients with DME. The pre-clinical data supports the view that THR-687 provides protection in the diabetic rat against retinal vascular permeability  inflammation and reactive gliosis.Details of the presentation:TITLE: THR-687  a potent pan-RGD integrin antagonist  protects against retinal vascular permeability  inflammation and reactive gliosis in the diabetic ratPRESENTER: Tine Van Bergen  Senior Scientist  Oxurion NVPRESENTATION DATE AND TIME: Tuesday  May 3  2022  12:47 p.m. ETStory continuesAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to better preserve vision in patients with retinal vascular disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in diabetic patients worldwide as well as other conditions  including wet age-related macular degeneration (wet AMD) and macular edema following retinal vein occlusion (ME-RVO). Oxurion is aiming to build a leading global franchise in the treatment of retinal vascular disorders based on the successful development of its two novel therapeutics. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. THR-687 is a highly selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist that is being developed as a potential first line therapy for DME patients as well as wet AMD and potentially ME-RVO. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 479 783583michael.dillen@oxurion.comEUMEDiSTRAVA ConsultingDavid Dible/ Sylvie Berrebi/Frazer HallTel: +44 203 928 6900oxurion@medistrava.comUSICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.35,0.52,True,English,"['Upcoming Pre-Clinical Data Presentation', 'Diabetic Macular Edema', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'Oxurion', 'THR-6', 'Treatment', '2022 Association', 'Research', 'Vision', 'Ophthalmology', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist', 'potent pan-RGD integrin antagonist', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'two-part Phase 2 clinical trial', 'INTEGRAL Phase 2 clinical trial', 'potential first line therapy', 'wet age-related macular degeneration', 'clinical stage portfolio', 'wet macular degeneration', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'retinal vascular permeability', 'retinal vein occlusion', 'Tine Van Bergen', 'retinal vascular disorders', 'two novel therapeutics', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next generation standard', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'leading global franchise', 'dose optimization data', 'potential new standard', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Chief Business Officer', 'diabetic macular edema', 'improved treatment outcomes', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'INTEGRAL trial', 'Oxurion NV Leuven', 'first half', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'current standard', 'leading cause', 'Annual Report', 'wet AMD', 'diabetic rat', 'new information', 'pre-clinical data', '7.00 AM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'upcoming Association', 'reactive gliosis', 'treatment-naïve', 'Senior Scientist', 'other conditions', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'United States', 'David Dible', 'Sylvie Berrebi', 'Frazer Hall', 'diabetic patients', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'treatment-experienced patients', 'Part B', 'various risks', 'MEDiSTRAVA Consulting', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'PRESENTATION DATE', 'vision loss', 'DME patients', 'Tom Graney', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME.', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', '11 April', 'study', 'THR', 'Research', 'Ophthalmology', 'Denver', 'Colorado', 'May', 'protection', 'inflammation', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'aflibercept', 'view', 'Details', 'TITLE', 'PRESENTER', 'TIME', 'Tuesday', 'Story', 'ME-RVO', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', '2022', '12:47', '49', '87', '32']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2740,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-confirms-notification-nasdaq-minimum-052700145.html,VEON confirms notification from Nasdaq on minimum share price requirement,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and digital services  today confirms that on 7 April 2022 VEON...,"AMSTERDAM  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and digital services  today confirms that on 7 April 2022 VEON received notification from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") that VEON is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq's Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).The Minimum Bid Price notification has no immediate effect on the continued listing status of VEON's American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"") on Nasdaq. Furthermore  VEON's business operations are not affected by the receipt of the notification.Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of USD 1.00 per share and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid price of VEON's ADSs for the 30 consecutive business days ended 6 April 2022  VEON no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement.In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)  VEON has an initial grace period of 180 calendar days  or until 4 October 2022 (the ""Compliance Period"")  to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During this time  VEON's common stock will continue to be listed and traded on Nasdaq. If  at any time during the Compliance Period  the bid price for VEON's ADSs closes at USD 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days  Nasdaq will provide notification to VEON that it complies with the minimum bid price requirement  unless Nasdaq exercises its discretion to extend this 10 day period requirement pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(F).In the event VEON does not regain compliance within the 180 calendar day Compliance Period and it complies with all other listing standards and requirements  VEON may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day Compliance Period.Story continuesVEON intends to monitor the closing bid price of its ADSs and may  if appropriate  consider available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. There can be no assurance that VEON will regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement during the Compliance Period  secure a second period of 180 days to regain compliance or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements.VEON is also listed on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange and the Minimum Bid Price notification from Nasdaq does not affect VEON's compliance status with its Euronext Amsterdam listing.DisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and internet services. For more information visit: www.veon.comContact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com+31 20 79 77 200CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-confirms-notification-from-nasdaq-on-minimum-share-price-requirement-301523444.htmlSOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.09,0.26,0.65,True,English,"['minimum share price requirement', 'VEON', 'notification', 'Nasdaq', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'The Minimum Bid Price notification', 'additional 180 calendar day Compliance Period', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', '10 day period requirement', 'closing bid price', 'other Nasdaq listing requirements', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'American Depositary Shares', 'other listing standards', 'initial grace period', 'continued listing status', 'Euronext Amsterdam listing', '30 consecutive business days', '10 consecutive business days', 'leading global provider', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', '180 calendar days', 'listed securities', 'common stock', 'other things', 'business operations', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'second period', 'compliance status', 'digital services', 'immediate effect', 'available options', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'management plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'internet services', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'original content', 'VEON Ltd.', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', '180 days', 'Nasdaq.', 'statements', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'connectivity', 'ADSs', 'receipt', 'USD', 'failure', 'deficiency', 'accordance', '4 October', 'time', 'discretion', 'Story', 'assurance', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'Cision', 'minimum-share-price-requirement', '31']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2741,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-continues-footprint-expansion-document-060000378.html,Quadient Continues Footprint Expansion in Document Automation Cloud Solutions with Impress Distribute now Available in Germany,Paris  April 12   2022 Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical...,"QUADIENTParis  April 12   2022Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announced today the launch of Impress Distribute in Germany  expanding in yet another major European market the capabilities of Quadient® Impress  its cloud-based document automation for small and medium businesses (SMBs). With Impress Distribute  Quadient now brings additional communication channels to German users  in particular print mail outsourcing in partnership with SPS  a global full-service provider of business process services.By investing in its Impress platform and expanding its footprint to new markets  Quadient continues its mission to deliver software solutions that streamline business processes and build meaningful interactions  while ensuring important communications meet security and compliance requirements  a must-have in an increasingly regulated market.Impress users can upload documents  automate the preparation of their communications and send them through postal mail  as well as all types of digital channels: e-mail  SMS and web platforms. To support the new outsourcing service in Germany  Quadient partnered with SPS  whose state-of-the-art production facilities offer a wide range of mail delivery options  addressing transactional to marketing communication needs  high quality services and a high-level of data security  with certified processes and procedures. The partnership brings a complete service to Quadient Impress users  relying on a strong postal consolidation network across Germany and its neighboring countries. SPS is the latest partner to join Quadient’s network of print outsourcing providers  which also covers the US  France  UK and Benelux.“Through consistent investment in strategic acquisitions such as AP/AR platforms YayPay and Beanworks  as well as organic R&D efforts  Quadient is building the most advanced and complete cloud-based SaaS software practice for mail and communication automation. Making Impress Distribute available to our customers in Germany  after UK  France and the USA  is another step towards our ambition to become a leading software provider for advanced business interactions” said Chris Hartigan  Chief Solutions Officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. “After adding new communication preference management capabilities in October 2021  and by choosing SPS as a key partner offering high-level production centers  we are proud today to provide our customers with the very best in multi-channel document automation and delivery software.""Story continuesOliver Wibbe  Managing Director of SPS  added: “Cooperation with partners is of outstanding strategic importance to SPS. Our partners benefit from powerful  innovative products that enable them to offer their customers state-of-the-art  future-oriented mail outsourcing solutions. We are now looking forward to further expanding our long-standing collaboration with Quadient.”Quadient Impress is part of Quadient’s cloud-based software suite of Intelligent Communication Automation (ICA) solutions  that brings together customer communications management (CCM)  document automation  accounts receivable (AR)  accounts payable (AP) and customer journey mapping (CJM). In 2021  Quadient experienced steady growth in its software business  now representing more than 20% of the company’s global revenue. Through continuous investment  Quadient’s aim is to support its mail-related solutions customers and SMBs around the world in their digital transformation  by providing an advanced  single cloud-based solution combining the benefits of automation and intelligent communication  while simplifying their workflows.Learn more about Quadient Impress here: www.quadient.com/impress.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit quadient.com.Contacts for QuadientJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Account Executive +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-964-8500 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAbout SPSSPS is a leading outsourcing provider for business processes solutions and innovative services in document management. A strong international client base relies on SPS’ ability to envision  design and build end-to-end solutions  and to be its trusted advisor for the key value drivers in BPO: location strategy  process optimization and technology  such as intelligent automation. SPS’ over 8.500 employees and specialized partners span the full range of the industry with a focus on banking  insurance  telecommunications and healthcare  addressing customer needs in more than 20 countries and a revenue of over 600 MCHF. SPS is owned by AS Equity  an active technology investor with the intention to scale up SPS’s business and elevate its strategy and performance to be a dominant market leader. There are substantial opportunities for technology innovation to boost growth seen. AS Equity Partners is planning to invest in new technologies to enable digital access to customer consumption and demand data  greater customer intimacy through self-service and the sharing of data and insights with clients  and real time capacity  system and process performance monitoring and reporting.We connect the physical and digital worlds.For further information  please go to www.swisspostsolutions.com.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.55,0.41,0.05,True,English,"['Document Automation Cloud Solutions', 'Footprint Expansion', 'Impress Distribute', 'Quadient', 'Germany', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Account Executive', 'complete cloud-based SaaS software practice', 'new communication preference management capabilities', 'organic R&D efforts', 'strong international client base', 'three key solution areas', 'advanced, single cloud-based solution', 'strong postal consolidation network', 'future-oriented mail outsourcing solutions', 'global full-service provider', 'cloud-based software suite', 'customer journey mapping', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'leading outsourcing provider', 'key value drivers', 'new outsourcing service', 'leading software provider', 'cloud-based document automation', 'meaningful customer connections', 'high quality services', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Chief Solutions Officer', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'major European market', 'outstanding strategic importance', 'powerful, innovative products', 'customer communications management', 'additional communication channels', 'print outsourcing providers', 'multi-channel document automation', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'advanced business interactions', 'business process services', 'mail delivery options', 'high-level production centers', 'business processes solutions', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'global revenue', 'Quadient Joe Scolaro', 'complete service', 'document management', 'Quadient Impress users', 'software business', 'software solutions', 'new markets', 'delivery software', 'meaningful interactions', 'postal mail', 'innovative services', 'intelligent automation', 'key partner', 'communication needs', 'ICA) solutions', 'mail-related solutions', 'regulated market', 'production facilities', 'strategic acquisitions', 'process optimization', 'physical channels', 'certified processes', 'Impress Distribute', 'Impress platform', 'end solutions', 'German users', 'important communications', 'compliance requirements', 'digital channels', 'web platforms', 'wide range', 'neighboring countries', 'latest partner', 'consistent investment', 'AP/AR platforms', 'Chris Hartigan', 'Oliver Wibbe', 'Managing Director', 'long-standing collaboration', 'steady growth', 'continuous investment', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'trusted advisor', 'location strategy', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital transformation', 'medium businesses', 'data security', 'accounts receivable', 'Quadient® Impress', 'SPS’ ability', 'April', 'QDT', 'leader', 'launch', 'Germany', 'small', 'SMBs', 'partnership', 'footprint', 'mission', 'have', 'documents', 'preparation', 'types', 'SMS', 'procedures', 'France', 'UK', 'Benelux', 'YayPay', 'Beanworks', 'customers', 'USA', 'step', 'ambition', 'October', 'Story', 'Cooperation', 'CCM', 'CJM', 'company', 'aim', 'world', 'benefits', 'workflows', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Ext.', 'sterlingkilgore', 'design', 'BPO', 'technology']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2742,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cch-tagetik-esg-sustainability-expert-133000250.html,CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution from Wolters Kluwer helps organizations go beyond compliance to drive growth and combat risk,Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announces CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance...,"Gain control  meet compliance requirements and improve ESG scores while supporting strategic  sustainable growth with comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance ManagementNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announces CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management  further extending its comprehensive regulatory compliance offering. The pre-built expert solution combines Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives and financial performance to enable companies to create powerful ESG reporting and manage compliance requirements while driving their sustainable growth strategies.Wolters_Kluwer_LogoWith the more stringent EU Taxonomy taking effect from January 2023 and mounting stakeholder pressure  the office of finance  as well as compliance and ESG professionals  need complete confidence that their organization is compliant with evolving ESG requirements. CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management accelerates compliance for EU Taxonomy  GRI  SASB  and other standards and frameworks by using pre-built and extendable processes to aggregate and analyze complex data and automatically generate ESG reports for disclosure. Beyond compliance  customers benefit from better  faster decision-making  to drive sustainable growth and combat risk through the unification of ESG data with financial results  integrated plans  and scenario analysis.""Our customers asked  and we delivered. That's why we are proud to offer our CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution to ensure customers can continuously meet compliance with ease  now and in the future "" said Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting. ""Companies gain streamlined regulatory reporting through pre-configured content for quick implementations  and automated and scalable processes that simplify compliance. But that's not all. By embedding ESG data into financial and operational plans  companies are empowered with the insights to see ESG opportunities  identify cost savings and minimize risk.""Story continuesCCH® Tagetik is a global expert solution that enables digital transformation in the office of the CFO  providing a strategic and intelligent platform for financial close & consolidation  financial & operational planning  and regulatory compliance. With its proven regulatory compliance expertise and the broadest range of regulatory products  addressing different requirements from Solvency II  IFRS  to Lease Accounting and more  CCH® Tagetik helps global enterprises to keep pace with proliferating and increasingly complex regulations.Discover more about the new CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management here.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Contacts:Beatriz SantinCCH® Tagetik+1 339 229 2447 officeBeatriz.santin@wolterskluwer.comGreta BartoliCCH® Tagetik+39 058396811 officegreta.bartoli@wolterskluwer.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cch-tagetik-esg--sustainability-expert-solution-from-wolters-kluwer-helps-organizations-go-beyond-compliance-to-drive-growth-and-combat-risk-301523684.htmlSOURCE Wolters Kluwer",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'organizations', 'compliance', 'growth', 'risk', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'comprehensive regulatory compliance offering', 'proven regulatory compliance expertise', 'comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'new CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'powerful ESG reporting', 'Sustainability Performance Management', 'stringent EU Taxonomy', 'sustainable growth strategies', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'evolving ESG requirements', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'global expert solution', 'strategic, sustainable growth', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'regulatory reporting', 'NEW YORK', 'expert solutions', 'regulatory products', 'regulatory sectors', 'ESG scores', 'ESG) initiatives', 'ESG professionals', 'ESG reports', 'ESG data', 'ESG opportunities', 'financial performance', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'different requirements', 'global enterprises', 'Gain control', 'compliance requirements', 'Environmental, Social', 'stakeholder pressure', 'complete confidence', 'other standards', 'extendable processes', 'complex data', 'faster decision-making', 'integrated plans', 'scenario analysis', 'General Manager', 'quick implementations', 'scalable processes', 'operational plans', 'cost savings', 'digital transformation', 'intelligent platform', 'operational planning', 'broadest range', 'Solvency II', 'complex regulations', 'critical decisions', 'advanced technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contacts', 'Beatriz Santin', 'Beatriz.santin', 'professional information', 'financial results', 'financial close', 'Greta Bartoli', 'original content', 'Lease Accounting', '058396811 office greta', '2447 office', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'services', 'Governance', 'companies', 'Wolters_Kluwer_Logo', 'effect', 'January', 'finance', 'organization', 'GRI', 'SASB', 'frameworks', 'built', 'disclosure', 'customers', 'risk', 'unification', 'future', 'streamlined', 'automated', 'insights', 'Story', 'CFO', 'consolidation', 'IFRS', 'pace', 'proliferating', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'news-releases', 'sustainability-expert', 'wolters-kluwer', 'SOURCE', '229']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2743,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-repurchase-shares-4-8-060000999.html,DSM - repurchase of shares (4-8 April 2022),Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  has repurchased 173 491 of its own shares in the period from 4 April 2022 up to and including 8 April ...,HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  has repurchased 173 491 of its own shares in the period from 4 April 2022 up to and including 8 April 2022 at an average price of €162.36. This is in accordance with the repurchase program announced on 10 March 2022  covering the commitments for the final stock dividend 2021 and share based compensation plans. The consideration of this repurchase was €28.2 million.DSM Logo.The total number of shares repurchased under this program since 10 March 2022 to date is 888 583 shares for a total consideration of €141 million.For more detailed information see 'Daily transaction details Share Repurchase Program announced 10 March 2022'.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyTwitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMLinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpg,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['DSM', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'April', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'share based compensation plans', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'global, purpose-led company', 'final stock dividend', 'Daily transaction details', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'Share Repurchase Program', 'actual performance', 'average price', 'total number', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'Royal DSM', 'total consideration', 'detailed information', 'More information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'DSM Logo', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'shares', 'period', 'accordance', '10 March', 'commitments', 'date', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'respect', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'law', 'prnewswire']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2744,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-050000260.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION 12 April 2022  07:00 CEST Invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Mechelen  Belgium  12 April 2022 – Biocartis...,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION12 April 2022  07:00 CESTInvitation to the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingMechelen  Belgium  12 April 2022 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights  holders of convertible bonds  directors and statutory auditor to its annual shareholders' meeting (‘AGM’) that will be held on Friday 13 May 2022 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the offices of the Company at Generaal de Wittelaan 11B  2800 Mechelen  Belgium.It is currently envisaged that the Company will be legally allowed to organize its AGM at its offices at Generaal de Wittelaan 11B  2800 Mechelen  Belgium  and that the holders of securities of the Company will be allowed to physically attend the meeting as set out in the convening notice. However  the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and the Belgian government may impose measures which may have an impact on the organization of the AGM  such as imposing limitations on the number of people allowed to attend gatherings. The Company will closely monitor the situation and applicable measures in light of the COVID-19 pandemic  and may provide further updates that are relevant or have an impact on the AGM on the Biocartis website (https://investors.biocartis.com/en/shareholders).In order to be admitted to the AGM  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the articles of association of the Company  and fulfill the formalities described in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the AGM can be consulted on the website of the Company.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64Story continuesAbout BiocartisBiocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) is an innovative molecular diagnostics (MDx) company providing next generation diagnostic solutions aimed at improving clinical practice for the benefit of patients  clinicians  payers and industry. Biocartis' proprietary MDx Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) system that offers accurate  highly reliable molecular information from virtually any biological sample in virtually any setting. Biocartis is developing and marketing a continuously expanding test menu addressing key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology  which represents the fastest growing segment of the MDx market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal and lung cancer  as well as for COVID-19  flu  RSV and sepsis. More information: www.biocartis.com. Follow us on Twitter: @Biocartis_.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.09,0.21,0.7,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Press release', 'Invitation', 'accurate, highly reliable molecular information', 'Generaal de Wittelaan 11B', 'next generation diagnostic solutions', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction) system', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'proprietary MDx Idylla™ platform', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'expanding test menu', 'fastest growing segment', 'applicable intended uses', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'Biocartis Group NV', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'clinical practice', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'More information', 'product labeling', 'MDx market', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'subscription rights', 'convertible bonds', 'statutory auditor', 'Friday 13 May', 'convening notice', 'Belgian government', 'applicable measures', 'Belgian Code', 'other documents', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'real-time PCR', 'biological sample', 'lung cancer', 'other countries', 'Exchange Commission', 'current expectations', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'future events', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'The Biocartis', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future performance', 'Biocartis website', 'Company directors', '12 April', 'Invitation', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'honor', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'offices', 'evolution', 'impact', 'organization', 'limitations', 'number', 'people', 'gatherings', 'situation', 'light', 'updates', 'investors', 'order', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'formalities', 'Head', 'mail', 'Story', 'benefit', 'patients', 'clinicians', 'payers', 'industry', 'setting', 'focus', 'oncology', 'tests', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', '07', '2:00']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2745,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ey-announces-extension-strategic-alliance-230100499.html,EY announces extension of the strategic alliance with Wolters Kluwer to include the CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management solution  streamlining extended finance transformations through unified digital solutions,EY today announces an extension of the alliance with Wolters Kluwer to include the CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management (CPM) solution and EY...,"Productivity improvements  reduced financial close cycle and increased benefits from automation in CPM cloud toolsSimplified processes  clear visibility and built-in compliance for the finance departmentsFaster completion of everyday processes so teams can focus on their strategic goals through better insightsLONDON  April 11  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EY today announces an extension of the alliance with Wolters Kluwer to include the CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management (CPM) solution and EY Advisory S.p.A (EY Italy)  harnessing the power of data to help create opportunities for businesses to drive performance and provide long-term service. The Alliance has also been activated in Belgium with additional global expansion over time.EY - Building a better working world (PRNewsFoto/EY) (PRNewsfoto/EY) (PRNewsfoto/EY)The requirement for products to support financial and operational planning  as well as financial and management consolidation  is on the rise because there is an increasing demand for finance process automations.Wolters Kluwer  with its award-winning CCH® Tagetik expert solution  is recognized as a market leader  providing corporate finance professionals with comprehensive software solutions that streamline financial close and consolidation  financial and integrated business planning as well as regulatory compliance. EY teams are experienced in financial consolidation  planning and budgeting  data integration  taxation  data management and CPM implementation for multiple sectors. Together  they support organizations looking to accelerate their financial transformation initiatives.The EY-CCH® Tagetik Alliance offers extensive support to large financial transformations  covering a broader set of digitally enabled services on a single platform for finance data and operational planning. The CCH® Tagetik platform intuitive interface  built-in financial intelligence and automated workflows allow teams to complete typical finance processes efficiently. The pre-built solutions addressing major financial regulations also simplify the compliance process.Story continuesRiccardo Magnani  EY Global CCH® Tagetik Alliance Leader  says:""The extension of the alliance with Wolters Kluwer for its CCH®Tagetik solution offers immense value for clients. This positions EY teams to be at the forefront of implementing a wide range of clients' financial transformation initiatives via the unified CCH® Tagetik platform that incorporates leading-edge financial intelligence and automated workflows.""Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager  Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting  says:""We are focused on enabling the office of the CFO to transform through predictive intelligence solutions that go beyond finance to provide deeper insights. With our comprehensive and extensible CCH® Tagetik platform  we look forward to complementing diverse skillsets and depth of experience of EY teams to benefit our joint customers looking to harmonize financial  strategic and operational goals to drive improved outcomes in their business.""For more information  visit ey.com/alliances.About EYEY exists to build a better working world  helping to create long-term value for clients  people and society and build trust in the capital markets.Enabled by data and technology  diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow  transform and operate.Working across assurance  consulting  law  strategy  tax and transactions  EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.EY refers to the global organization  and may refer to one or more  of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited  each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited  a UK company limited by guarantee  does not provide services to clients. Information about how EY collects and uses personal data and a description of the rights individuals have under data protection legislation are available via ey.com/privacy. EY member firms do not practice law where prohibited by local laws. For more information about our organization  please visit ey.com.This news release has been issued by EYGM Limited  a member of the global EY organization that also does not provide any services to clients.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.comEric MinuskinEY Global Media Relations+1 908 770 9758eric.j.minuskin@ey.comCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ey-announces-extension-of-the-strategic-alliance-with-wolters-kluwer-to-include-the-cch-tagetik-corporate-performance-management-solution-streamlining-extended-finance-transformations-through-unified-digital-solutions-301523101.htmlSOURCE EY",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.36,0.19,True,English,"['CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management solution', 'extended finance transformations', 'unified digital solutions', 'strategic alliance', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'EY', 'extension', 'The CCH® Tagetik platform intuitive interface', 'EY Advisory S.p.A', 'award-winning CCH® Tagetik expert solution', 'EY Global CCH® Tagetik Alliance Leader', 'CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management', 'unified CCH® Tagetik platform', 'extensible CCH® Tagetik platform', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'The EY-CCH® Tagetik Alliance', 'CCH®Tagetik solution', ""clients' financial transformation initiatives"", 'additional global expansion', 'corporate finance professionals', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Young Global Limited', 'CPM cloud tools', 'large financial transformations', 'major financial regulations', 'predictive intelligence solutions', 'separate legal entity', 'leading-edge financial intelligence', 'data protection legislation', 'finance process automations', 'financial close cycle', 'typical finance processes', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'global EY organization', 'integrated business planning', 'comprehensive software solutions', 'The Alliance', 'EY member firms', 'global leader', 'diverse EY teams', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'single platform', 'expert solutions', 'CPM) solution', 'market leader', 'global organization', 'data management', 'management consolidation', 'EYGM Limited', 'diverse skillsets', 'Simplified processes', 'finance departments', 'everyday processes', 'CPM implementation', 'financial, strategic', 'finance data', 'EY Italy', 'Productivity improvements', 'clear visibility', 'Faster completion', 'strategic goals', 'long-term service', 'operational planning', 'increasing demand', 'multiple sectors', 'extensive support', 'broader set', 'automated workflows', 'compliance process', 'Riccardo Magnani', 'immense value', 'wide range', 'General Manager', 'operational goals', 'improved outcomes', 'long-term value', 'capital markets', 'new answers', 'complex issues', 'rights individuals', 'local laws', 'news release', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial consolidation', 'data integration', 'personal data', 'working world', 'regulatory compliance', 'deeper insights', 'UK company', 'advanced technology', 'joint customers', 'professional information', 'benefits', 'LONDON', 'April', 'extension', 'power', 'opportunities', 'businesses', 'Belgium', 'time', 'PRNewsFoto/EY', 'requirement', 'products', 'rise', 'budgeting', 'taxation', 'organizations', 'services', 'Story', 'forefront', 'Accounting', 'office', 'CFO', 'depth', 'experience', 'alliances', 'people', 'society', 'trust', '150 countries', 'assurance', 'consulting', 'strategy', 'transactions', 'questions', 'Ernst', 'guarantee', 'description', 'privacy', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'governance', 'risk', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', 'Netherlands']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2746,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-063000215.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 5 April 2022 – 11 April 2022,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  12 April 2022 In the period from 5 April 2022 until 11 April 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 42 487 of ...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  12 April 2022In the period from 5 April 2022 until 11 April 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 42 487 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €24.32 per share for a total amount of €1 033 206.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 600 000 of own shares  which was announced on 24 February 2022. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 209 425.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'April', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'share buy-back programme', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '12 April', 'period', '5 April', '11 April', 'repurchases', 'part', '24 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2747,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-annual-shareholders-meeting-may-170500723.html,BIC: Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 18  2022 Meeting notice,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 18  2022Meeting notice Clichy  France – April 12  2022 – The Shareholders of SOCIETE BIC are...,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEAnnual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 18  2022Meeting noticeClichy  France – April 12  2022 – The Shareholders of SOCIETE BIC are invited to participate to the Combined Extraordinary and Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting that will take place on Wednesday  18 May 2022 at 9:30 am at the Cloud Business Center - 10 bis  rue du 4 septembre  75002 Paris  France.The related meeting notice (avis de réunion valant avis de convocation) has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO1) on 11 April 2022 and includes the agenda  the draft text of the resolutions and the terms of participation and voting at this AGM.Documents and information concerning the AGM will be made available to shareholders as provided by applicable regulations and notably  on the BIC’s website at the following link: https://us.bic.com/en_us/investors-agm-shareholdersABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSophie Palliez-CapianVP  Corporate Stakeholder Engagement+33 1 45 19 55 28+ 33 87 89 3351Sophie.palliez@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor Relations+ 33 1 45 19 52 98Michele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2022 AGENDAStory continuesALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2022 Results April 26  2022 2022 Annual General Meeting 18 May  2022 1st Half 2022 Results August 2  2022 3rd Quarter 2022 Results October 27  20221 BALO: bulletins of French legal announcementsAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', '2022 Meeting notice', 'BIC', 'May', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'French legal announcements Attachment', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Cloud Business Center', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Corporate Stakeholder Engagement', '1st Quarter 2022 Results', '1st Half 2022 Results', '3rd Quarter 2022 Results', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'related meeting notice', 'Michèle Ventura', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'Investor Relations', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Combined Extraordinary', 'avis de', 'réunion', 'draft text', 'applicable regulations', 'following link', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'sustainable development', 'Senior Manager', 'La Tour', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'world leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', '75002 Paris', 'May', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'The', 'place', 'Wednesday', '10 bis', 'rue', '4 septembre', 'convocation', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'terms', 'participation', 'voting', 'AGM', 'Documents', 'information', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACT', 'VP', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Artaise', 'Image', 'Story', 'DATES', 'August', 'October', '9:30']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2748,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crux-deepens-partnership-google-cloud-181600664.html,Crux Deepens its Partnership with Google Cloud by Integrating with Google Cloud Analytics Hub for External Data Integration,Crux  the leading provider of external data integration solutions  is pleased to announce an expansion of its partnership with Google Cloud. During its Data ...,"Crux supports data mobility through Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration  accelerating external data integration into the platformNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Crux  the leading provider of external data integration solutions  is pleased to announce an expansion of its partnership with Google Cloud. During its Data Cloud Summit on April 6  2022  Google Cloud announced the launch of Analytics Hub . Crux will integrate its data mobility capabilities with Google Cloud Analytics Hub  helping enable advanced data sharing capabilities and access to partner data from industry leaders like Factset  MSCI  Morningstar  BoardEx  Institutional Shareholder Services  Euronext FX  Linkup  and many others.""As external data becomes more critical to organizations across industries  the need for a unified experience between data integration and analytics has never been more important. We are proud to be working with Google Cloud to integrate with Analytics Hub  feeding hundreds of pre-engineered data pipelines for external datasets "" said Dan Lynn  SVP Product at Crux. ""The sharing capabilities that Analytics Hub delivers will significantly enhance the data mobility requirements of practitioners  and the Crux data integration platform stands ready to quickly integrate any external data source and deliver on behalf of customers.""""With seamless and secure access to partner data through Crux's integration with Analytics Hub  customers can more quickly discover  share  and act on data within their existing cloud environment "" said Manvinder Singh  Director  IaaS/PaaS Partnerships  Google Cloud. ""We're excited to continue our partnership with Crux to help organizations utilize their data to identify new opportunities and grow their businesses.""Analytics Hub customers can now use Crux to onboard data faster for trials  routinely operate pipelines from any source  and transform any dataset before loading it into the platform. These capabilities enhance the Analytics Hub experience for users by providing a speedier data integration experience.Story continuesThe demand for data mobility services for both internal and external data is going to continue to expand as the presence of data increases exponentially across all industries. To learn more about Crux's partnership with Google Cloud or how we're simplifying external data  visit cruxinformatics.com or get started with Analytics Hub on Google Cloud here .About CruxCrux is a cloud-based data integration and operations platform that accelerates the value realization between internal and external data. Crux partners with our customers to ensure they get the data they need  how they need it and where they need it. Its team builds data pipelines at scale and operates over 25K pre-engineered pipelines  delivering public and third-party datasets to the destination of choice. Crux pipelines come with embedded data monitoring  validations and transformations  and are supported 24/7 by our global operations team. Crux works with over 50 enterprise clients and is backed by Two Sigma  Goldman Sachs  Morgan Stanley  and Citi  among others.Visit us at cruxinformatics.comMedia Contactcrux@nextpr.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/crux-deepens-its-partnership-with-google-cloud-by-integrating-with-google-cloud-analytics-hub-for-external-data-integration-301524171.htmlSOURCE Crux Data",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.73,0.23,0.04,True,English,"['Google Cloud Analytics Hub', 'External Data Integration', 'Crux', 'Partnership', 'Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration', 'speedier data integration experience', 'external data integration solutions', 'advanced data sharing capabilities', 'Crux data integration platform', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'cloud-based data integration', 'existing cloud environment', 'embedded data monitoring', 'Analytics Hub experience', '25K pre-engineered pipelines', 'data mobility requirements', 'data mobility services', 'Data Cloud Summit', 'data mobility capabilities', 'engineered data pipelines', 'Media Contact crux', 'global operations team', 'external data source', 'Analytics Hub customers', 'SOURCE Crux Data', 'unified experience', 'external datasets', 'operations platform', 'partner data', 'NEW YORK', 'leading provider', 'industry leaders', 'Euronext FX', 'Dan Lynn', 'SVP Product', 'Manvinder Singh', 'IaaS/PaaS Partnerships', 'new opportunities', 'value realization', 'third-party datasets', '50 enterprise clients', 'Two Sigma', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Morgan Stanley', 'original content', 'Crux pipelines', 'Crux partners', 'many others', 'secure access', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'expansion', 'launch', 'Factset', 'MSCI', 'Morningstar', 'BoardEx', 'Linkup', 'organizations', 'industries', 'need', 'hundreds', 'practitioners', 'behalf', 'seamless', 'Director', 'businesses', 'trials', 'users', 'Story', 'demand', 'internal', 'presence', 'cruxinformatics', 'com', 'scale', 'public', 'destination', 'choice', 'validations', 'transformations', 'Citi', 'Cision', 'news-releases', 'google-cloud-analytics', 'external-data-integration']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2749,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000135.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 11 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.6142 £ 24.8386 Estimated MTD return 0.56 % 0.60 % Estimated YTD return -2.01 % -1.84 % Estimated ITD return 186.14 % 148.39 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.92 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.48 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.3778 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.2659The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2750,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220411005925/en/Strategic-Acquisition-of-Future-Industrial-Scale-Green-Hydrogen-Production-in-the-Caribbean,Strategic Acquisition of Future Industrial-Scale Green Hydrogen Production in the Caribbean,BORDEAUX  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--HDF Energy acquires 70% of KGL’s NewGen project  the first industrial project to produce carbon-free hydrogen in Trinidad,"BORDEAUX  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hydrogène de France (""HDF Energy"") - mnemonic code: HDF - announces that it has acquired a 70% majority stake in the NewGen project in Trinidad  led by the local company Kenesjay Green Ltd (""KGL""). KGL  the project developer  will retain the remaining 30% of the share capital of NewGen  which will be jointly owned by KGL and an investment vehicle that will allow for the inclusion of additional local investors. HDF Energy is thus leveraging its technological expertise in hydrogen  its know-how in the development of green energy plants and its local presence in the Caribbean.When completed  the 200+ Million USD NewGen plant will be the world largest clean hydrogen producing facility of its kind  using a smart combination of solar and energy efficiency-sourced power. It will competitively generate carbon-free hydrogen to meet 20% of the hydrogen requirement for an existing world-scale ammonia plant in the petrochemical hub of Point Lisas  Trinidad. Once up and running  the project will save approximately 200 000 t/CO2 per year.As a global pioneer in hydrogen power  HDF will add its in-depth experience in hydrogen technologies  procurement and project finance  to the Trinidad-specific energy and ammonia expertise contained within the KGL project development team. This is the third major investment in the Caribbean this last year for HDF  which announced hybrid “Renewstable®” baseload power plants using green hydrogen and solar power in French Guiana and Barbados alongside its regional partner and investor  RUBIS.Together  KGL and HDF will select the optimal electrolysis technology provider from a competitive evaluation process. KGL has also recently been granted the outline planning permission for the NewGen Project by the Ministry of Planning of Trinidad and Tobago  and has made progress in further confirming the economic and financial viability of NewGen.Commenting on the HDF majority acquisition  KGL’s Chairman Philip Julien said  “KGL welcomes this significant endorsement and investment in NewGen by HDF  and looks forward to our collaboration and sharing of expertise. Our partnership enables improved local access to international finance and technology  optimum opportunities for local ownership  and an acceleration of Trinidad and Tobago’s energy transition commitments.”Damien HAVARD  CEO of HDF Energy said: “We believe we have the ideal partners in Kenesjay Green  given their extensive knowledge of the industry  business acumen and their commitment to local development. Our investment in NewGen affirms our belief that Trinidad and Tobago’s energy industry offers a unique opportunity for the development of world scale and cost competitive carbon-free Hydrogen. This project demonstrates that green solutions can effectively support the transition of hydrocarbon-based economies like Trinidad and Tobago – and HDF is poised to be a part of leading the change.”ABOUT HDF ENERGYHDF Energy is a global pioneer in hydrogen energy. HDF develops  finances and operates multi-megawatts Hydrogen-Power plants. These plants provide continuous or on-demand electricity from renewable energy sources (wind or solar)  combined with high power fuel cells supplied by HDF.HDF has developed the world’s first mass production plant for high-power fuel cells for energy  which will be commissioned in France in 2023. Through this activity  HDF Energy will also serve the maritime and data center markets.HDF Energy is a powerful accelerator of the energy transition by offering non-intermittent  grid-friendly and on-demand renewable power. HDF is a company listed on the regulated market of Euronext ParisABOUT KENESJAY GREENKenesjay Green Limited (KGL) is a locally owned sustainable energy firm committed to leading the way to the Caribbean energy transition. Based in Trinidad and Tobago  the company is an affiliate of Kenesjay Systems Limited  and is dedicated to developing a pipeline of viable decarbonising and green project opportunities  which will create pioneering first-mover advantages for Trinidad  Tobago  and the Region (www.kenesjaygreen.com). The NewGen Hydrogen Project is the first major initiative of KGL.Project website: https://www.newgenenergyltd.com",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,positive,0.76,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Future Industrial-Scale Green Hydrogen Production', 'Strategic Acquisition', 'Caribbean', 'world largest clean hydrogen producing facility', '200+ Million USD NewGen plant', 'hybrid “Renewstable®” baseload power plants', 'first mass production plant', 'existing world-scale ammonia plant', 'Hydrogène de France', 'optimal electrolysis technology provider', 'high power fuel cells', 'The NewGen Hydrogen Project', 'high-power fuel cells', 'KGL project development team', 'first major initiative', 'competitive evaluation process', 'Chairman Philip Julien', 'multi-megawatts Hydrogen-Power plants', 'data center markets', 'pioneering first-mover advantages', 'Kenesjay Systems Limited', 'energy efficiency-sourced power', 'sustainable energy firm', 'additional local investors', 'Kenesjay Green Ltd', 'competitive carbon-free Hydrogen', 'Kenesjay Green Limited', 'outline planning permission', 'green energy plants', 'renewable energy sources', 'third major investment', 'energy transition commitments', 'green project opportunities', 'HDF majority acquisition', 'Caribbean energy transition', 'hydrogen power', 'renewable power', 'green hydrogen', 'world scale', 'hydrogen energy', 'ammonia expertise', 'hydrogen requirement', 'hydrogen technologies', '70% majority stake', 'optimum opportunities', 'green solutions', 'NewGen project', 'solar power', 'project developer', 'project finance', 'Project website', 'Trinidad-specific energy', 'local presence', 'local access', 'local ownership', 'local development', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'mnemonic code', 'share capital', 'smart combination', 'petrochemical hub', 'Point Lisas', 'global pioneer', 'depth experience', 'French Guiana', 'regional partner', 'financial viability', 'significant endorsement', 'international finance', 'Damien HAVARD', 'ideal partners', 'extensive knowledge', 'business acumen', 'unique opportunity', 'hydrocarbon-based economies', 'powerful accelerator', 'intermittent, grid-friendly', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'viable decarbonising', 'HDF Energy', 'energy industry', 'investment vehicle', 'technological expertise', 'local company', 'demand electricity', 'NewGen.', 'BORDEAUX', 'inclusion', 'know-how', 'kind', '200 000 t', 'CO2', 'year', 'procurement', 'Barbados', 'RUBIS', 'Ministry', 'Tobago', 'progress', 'economic', 'collaboration', 'sharing', 'partnership', 'acceleration', 'CEO', 'belief', 'cost', 'change', 'continuous', 'wind', 'activity', 'maritime', 'way', 'affiliate', 'pipeline', 'kenesjaygreen', 'newgenenergyltd']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2751,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/symbio-faurecia-michelin-granted-california-150000519.html,Symbio  Faurecia and Michelin granted California Energy Commission Award for hydrogen fuel cell truck development,The California Energy Commission (CEC) has selected Symbio  Michelin  Faurecia along with GTI and other industry partners  to develop and demonstrate a...,"The Symbio H2 Central Valley Express project to demonstrate benefits and reliability of hydrogen mobility for heavy duty transportationSAN DIEGO  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The California Energy Commission (CEC) has selected Symbio  Michelin  Faurecia along with GTI and other industry partners  to develop and demonstrate a hydrogen-fueled  regional-haul Class 8 truck  as major contributors to a state-supported hydrogen mobility project.The ""Symbio H2 Central Valley Express"" project  supported with $2 million from the CEC  will develop and demonstrate a hydrogen fuel cell truck that matches the performance of a 15-liter diesel truck providing a zero-emission solution for demanding regional-haul trucking operations. Starting in the second half of 2023  the truck will run for 12 months on a challenging 400-mile route between the Inland Empire and Northern San Joaquin Valley. Located inside California natural gas investor-owned utility territory  it will utilize existing and future hydrogen infrastructure primarily provided by Air Liquide  Shell and Trillium's. This hydrogen truck project strives to support California's goal to achieve economy wide carbon neutrality by 2045.Rob Del Core  General Manager  Symbio North America. ""We are thrilled with this award – a testimonial of Symbio's recognized fuel-cell technology leadership and system integration know-how. We thank CEC for their vote of confidence in this team. This demonstration constitutes a major strategic inroad in the region where Symbio is stepping-up our investments in workforce and engineering integration capabilities in California. Ultimately through this project and the contributions of the whole team  we are determined to address current commercialization barriers and accelerate the adoption of hydrogen-based heavy-duty mobility solutions in the goods movement market.""Alexis Garcin  Chairman and President  Michelin North America. ""We see this grant as a resounding vote of confidence from the California Energy Commission. Being chosen from a pool of strong applicants shows that Symbio is regarded as a tier-one name in hydrogen mobility. Michelin and Faurecia promote hydrogen through this joint venture  as we believe there is a way to develop mobility while protecting the environment. Hydrogen technology is a vital element in the electric vehicle revolution because it not only reduces greenhouse gas emissions  but it's also a faster-charging  longer-range option for electric vehicles. This award is a big step in our commitment to sustainable development and mobility.""Story continuesJose-Vicente March  Zero Emission General Manager  Faurecia. ""This special project showcases the strength of a unique ecosystem of partners with innovative technologies of which Faurecia is proud to be a part of  in a region that is leading the future of clean energy. We appreciate the trust given to us by the California Energy Commission to enhance hydrogen technology solutions for heavy duty mobility. It shows great confidence in Faurecia's hydrogen storage systems' expertise and strategic vision for hydrogen mobility as a cornerstone of the energy transition"".Hydrogen is perfectly suited to decarbonize heavy duty mobility  bringing distinctive advantages including more autonomy  higher payload  a shorter refueling time and a reduced total cost of ownership. It is particularly attractive for highly utilized commercial vehicles which need a longer driving range and faster refueling time to maximize uptime.Faurecia  company of the Group FORVIA  will bring its recognized expertise in hydrogen storage systems by providing a complete hydrogen storage system with five 700 bar homologated tanks. At the heart of a growing ecosystem  leveraging commercial and technological partnerships  Faurecia covers 75% of the hydrogen powertrain and offers best-in-class solutions. In addition to the company's manufacturing global footprint  systems integration know-how  and R&D hydrogen center of expertise  Faurecia has a proven record of hydrogen commercial and light commercial vehicles on the road with international OEMs including Stellantis  Hyundai and Hyvia.For their part  Michelin will provide low-rolling resistance tires that combine safety  longevity  environmental protection and increased load capacity. With these technologically advanced tires  adapted for heavy duty transportation  Michelin is supporting the transition to cleaner  more efficient electric mobility solutions that offer greater range. In 20 years  the energy efficiency of our tires has increased by 20%. Michelin also brings nearly 20 years of experience in developing hydrogen fuel-cell technologies.Symbio will design  develop  and integrate a heavy-duty long-haul truck ready fuel cell powertrain powered by Symbio's fuel cell stack technology – StackPack  coupled with Faurecia's hydrogen storage system and Michelin's low resistance tires into a Freightliner Cascadia platform. Symbio  a jointly owned subsidiary of Faurecia and Michelin  is a global hydrogen fuel cell manufacturer boasting more than 30 years of combined experience in hydrogen fuel-cell system development and vehicle integration  and it's proud to have been chosen by Stellantis for its deployment of Hydrogen-powered Light Commercial Vehicles  the first of its kind in the world. Furthermore  the Group is building one of Europe's largest hydrogen fuel-cell plants and a world-class innovation center in Lyon  France that is to become operational in 2023  along with additional projects to expand its footprint in North America and globally.GTI  a leading research and training organization creating solutions that shape energy transitions  will lead the grant administration  provide technical insight and program management as well as perform data collection. Other project partners include Total Transportation Services (TTSI)  the fleet operator that will demonstrate the truck  Frontier Energy for community outreach  and Ricardo Strategic Consulting for demonstration data analysis. Southern California Gas Company (SoCalGas) and Utilization Technology Development (UTD)  a global collaboration of leading natural gas utilities  will provide funding support.About SymbioSymbio  a Michelin/Faurecia joint venture  is a global hydrogen fuel cell technology partner to OEMs  with its unique expertise and focus on setting automotive production standards. The company offers a complete range of fuel cell power products - StackPack  for different transportation needs including light duty commercial vehicles  buses and trucks and various formats of electric vehicles. Symbio is a partner of Stellantis' deployment of Hydrogen-powered Light Commercial Vehicles  a first of its kind in the world. Its ambition is to become a world-wide leader in hydrogen zero-emission mobility  having a global industrial footprint and a production capacity of 200 000 StackPacks per year by 2030  for use by vehicle manufacturers around the world.About MichelinMichelin  the leading mobility company  is dedicated to enhancing its clients' mobility  sustainably; designing and distributing the most suitable tires  services and solutions for its clients' needs; providing digital services  maps and guides to help enrich trips and travels and make them unique experiences; and developing high-technology materials that serve a variety of industries. Headquartered in Clermont-Ferrand  France  Michelin is present in 177 countries  has 124 760 employees and operates 68 tire production facilities which together produced around 173 million tires in 2021. (www.michelin.com)About FaureciaFaurecia  company of the Group FORVIA  is a global automotive technology leader. With 257 industrial sites  39 R&D centers and 111 000 employees in 33 countries  Faurecia operates through four areas of business: seating  interiors  Clarion Electronics and clean mobility. In 2021  the Group reported total turnover of €15.6 billion. Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20 index.www.faurecia.comAbout FORVIAFORVIA  the world's seventh largest automotive technology player  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 300 industrial sites and 77 R&D centers  150 000 people  including more than 35 000 engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow.Composed of 6 business groups with 24 product lines  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMs worldwide. The Group provides solutions for a safe  sustainable  advanced and customized mobility  FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen.www.forvia.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/symbio-faurecia-and-michelin-granted-california-energy-commission-award-for-hydrogen-fuel-cell-truck-development-301523184.htmlSOURCE Faurecia  company of the Group FORVIA",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['hydrogen fuel cell truck development', 'California Energy Commission Award', 'Symbio', 'Faurecia', 'Michelin', 'heavy-duty long-haul truck ready fuel cell powertrain', 'The Symbio H2 Central Valley Express project', 'California natural gas investor-owned utility territory', 'Symbio H2 Central Valley Express"" project', 'global hydrogen fuel cell manufacturer', 'fuel cell stack technology', 'Northern San Joaquin Valley', 'hydrogen fuel cell truck', 'economy wide carbon neutrality', 'five 700 bar homologated tanks', 'hydrogen-based heavy-duty mobility solutions', 'R&D hydrogen center', 'hydrogen-fueled, regional-haul Class 8 truck', 'Zero Emission General Manager', 'complete hydrogen storage system', 'state-supported hydrogen mobility project', 'The California Energy Commission', 'efficient electric mobility solutions', ""hydrogen storage systems' expertise"", 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'hydrogen truck project', 'manufacturing global footprint', '15-liter diesel truck', 'regional-haul trucking operations', 'system integration know-how', 'systems integration know', 'hydrogen technology solutions', 'heavy duty transportation', 'challenging 400-mile route', 'Rob Del Core', 'fuel-cell technology leadership', 'engineering integration capabilities', 'current commercialization barriers', 'goods movement market', 'electric vehicle revolution', 'shorter refueling time', 'reduced total cost', 'faster refueling time', 'Freightliner Cascadia platform', 'heavy duty mobility', 'longer driving range', 'hydrogen fuel-cell technologies', 'Symbio North America', 'other industry partners', 'major strategic inroad', 'low-rolling resistance tires', 'low resistance tires', 'future hydrogen infrastructure', 'hydrogen powertrain', 'light commercial vehicles', 'Michelin North America', 'class solutions', 'special project', 'electric vehicles', 'SAN DIEGO', 'hydrogen commercial', 'clean energy', 'energy efficiency', 'major contributors', 'innovative technologies', 'strategic vision', 'greater range', 'recognized expertise', 'energy transition', 'zero-emission solution', 'second half', 'Inland Empire', 'Air Liquide', 'Alexis Garcin', 'strong applicants', 'tier-one name', 'joint venture', 'vital element', 'big step', 'sustainable development', 'Jose-Vicente March', 'unique ecosystem', 'distinctive advantages', 'higher payload', 'Group FORVIA', 'growing ecosystem', 'technological partnerships', 'proven record', 'international OEMs', 'environmental protection', 'load capacity', 'cleaner, more', 'resounding vote', 'great confidence', 'benefits', 'reliability', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'CEC', 'Faurecia', 'GTI', 'performance', 'demanding', '12 months', 'existing', 'Shell', 'Trillium', 'goal', 'award', 'testimonial', 'team', 'demonstration', 'investments', 'workforce', 'contributions', 'adoption', 'Chairman', 'President', 'grant', 'pool', 'way', 'commitment', 'Story', 'strength', 'trust', 'cornerstone', 'autonomy', 'ownership', 'uptime', 'company', 'heart', 'addition', 'Stellantis', 'Hyundai', 'Hyvia', 'safety', 'longevity', '20 years', 'experience', 'StackPack', 'subsidiary', '30 years', '2023', '2045']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2752,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220412005095/en/Oak-Hill-Bio-Announces-Formation-of-Board-of-Directors,Oak Hill Bio Announces Formation of Board of Directors,CAMBRIDGE  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oak Hill Bio announces the formation of the Company’s Board of Directors.,CAMBRIDGE  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oak Hill Bio (“Oak Hill”)  a clinical-stage neonatology and rare disease therapeutics company developing life-changing medicines for extremely preterm infants and patients suffering from rare autoimmune diseases  today announced the formation of the Company’s Board of Directors  which brings together a team of experienced leaders with collective expertise spanning financing  business operations  drug discovery  clinical development and biopharmaceutical business development. The board is chaired by Edwin Moses  Ph.D.  former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ablynx.“We are delighted to have assembled an outstanding Board of Directors comprised of preeminent life science leaders who share our commitment to build a world-class neonatology and rare disease therapeutics company ” said Josh Distler  J.D.  President and Chief Financial Officer of Oak Hill Bio. “The entire Oak Hill team looks forward to working closely with the Board as we advance our pipeline of potentially transformative new medicines.”Oak Hill Bio was established with the acquisition and license of two clinical-stage and four preclinical investigational therapeutics from Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Takeda”). OHB-607 (formerly TAK-607) is a proprietary  recombinant version of human insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) designed to help promote continued development and maturation of vital organs  and the vasculature that supports them  in infants born extremely prematurely. OHB-101 (formerly TAK-752) is being investigated for the treatment of a wide array of rare autoimmune diseases. The Board’s membership includes leaders with direct knowledge of the six acquired programs based on prior experience with Takeda and Shire Pharmaceuticals LLC  which was acquired by Takeda in 2019. The company anticipates appointing a Chief Executive Officer in the first half of 2022.“I am excited to join the Oak Hill team as they embark on launching a new powerhouse in neonatology and rare diseases and look forward to working with the truly exceptional Board and management team that has been assembled. Oak Hill has set forth an ambitious mission focused on addressing major unmet needs for very vulnerable patients ” said Dr. Moses. “OHB-607 has promising potential to prevent the complications of prematurity and help support the long-term development and quality of life for children born extremely preterm. I am equally enthusiastic about the other compounds in the Oak Hill pipeline  as they offer novel approaches in the treatment of a wide array of rare autoimmune diseases.”The members of the Oak Hill Bio Board of Directors are as follows:Edwin Moses  Ph.D. has more than 25 years of experience as a chief executive and chair of numerous life science companies. Most recently  he was Chairman and then CEO of Ablynx. During his 14-year tenure at Ablynx  he led its rapid growth from a small research-focused organization to one of Europe’s most successful biotechnology companies that was listed on Euronext Brussels and NASDAQ until its acquisition by Sanofi in 2018 for $4.8 billion. Before that  Dr. Moses led the growth  stock listing and eventual sale of pharmaceutical services company  Oxford Asymmetry International  as CEO and later Chairman. He is currently Chairman of Achilles Therapeutics Ltd.  Avantium NV  and LabGenius Ltd.David Colpman has more than 30 years of biopharma business development and strategy experience  including as Head of Global Business Development at Shire Pharmaceuticals Plc where he drove growth through a series of strategic acquisitions  licensing and divestment programs. Mr. Colpman has also held senior business development roles with Novo Nordisk A/S  and GlaxoSmithKline Plc. Mr. Colpman currently serves on the boards of Orexo AB and HRA Pharma Ltd.Daniel Curran  M.D. is Head  Rare Genetics & Hematology Therapeutic Area Unit at Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Previously  Dr. Curran served as Head of Takeda’s Center for External Innovation where he focused on diversifying and transforming Takeda’s research and development pipeline. Prior to joining Takeda  Dr. Curran led the corporate development group at Millennium Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Curran currently serves on the board of Xilio Therapeutics.Josh Distler  J.D. is President and Chief Financial Officer of Oak Hill Bio. He has extensive experience building and investing in biotechnology companies  having served as Head of Crossover and Quantitative Equity at Athanor Capital  COO of Global Private Investing for D. E. Shaw & Co.  Chief Operating Officer at Attenuon  a cancer drug development firm and as a Director of Schrödinger  Inc.Ramy Farid  Ph.D. is President  Chief Executive Officer  and a member of the board of directors of Schrödinger  Inc. Since joining the company in 2002  he has advanced the company's computational platform and drug discovery portfolio while assuming positions of increasing responsibility before becoming CEO in 2017. Dr. Farid has played a key role in implementing major strategic initiatives  including more than 40 research collaborations and joint ventures  and led the company through its initial public offering in 2020. Dr. Farid currently also serves on the boards of Ajax Therapeutics and ShouTi.Mark McHale  Ph.D. is Chief Scientific Officer of Oak Hill Bio. Most recently  Dr. McHale co-founded Aslan Pharmaceuticals and served as its Chief Development Officer and Head of R&D. He has also held leadership positions with AstraZeneca and SmithKline Beecham (now GlaxoSmithKline Plc.).About Oak Hill BioOak Hill Bio is a clinical-stage neonatology and rare disease therapeutics company developing life-changing medicines for extremely preterm infants and patients suffering from rare autoimmune diseases. The company  which has operations in the United States and United Kingdom  was launched to develop a pipeline of six promising clinical-stage and preclinical investigational therapeutics acquired and licensed from Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Takeda”). For more information on Oak Hill Bio  visit the company’s website at www.oakhillbio.com.,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.64,0.16,0.2,True,English,"['Oak Hill Bio', 'Formation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Hematology Therapeutic Area Unit', 'four preclinical investigational therapeutics', 'human insulin-like growth factor', 'numerous life science companies', 'cancer drug development firm', 'senior business development roles', 'preeminent life science leaders', 'rare disease therapeutics company', 'entire Oak Hill team', 'Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited', 'Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd', 'Oak Hill Bio Board', 'Achilles Therapeutics Ltd', 'pharmaceutical services company', 'proprietary, recombinant version', 'new powerhouse in', 'major unmet needs', 'small research-focused organization', 'Oxford Asymmetry International', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'HRA Pharma Ltd', 'Global Private Investing', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'corporate development group', 'rare autoimmune diseases', 'Shire Pharmaceuticals LLC', 'biopharmaceutical business development', 'biopharma business development', 'Global Business Development', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'transformative new medicines', 'successful biotechnology companies', 'drug discovery portfolio', 'major strategic initiatives', 'Shire Pharmaceuticals Plc', 'D. E. Shaw', 'Oak Hill pipeline', 'rare diseases', 'Xilio Therapeutics', 'LabGenius Ltd', 'Rare Genetics', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business operations', 'clinical development', 'continued development', 'long-term development', 'development pipeline', 'Millennium Pharmaceuticals', 'life-changing medicines', 'management team', 'strategic acquisitions', 'GlaxoSmithKline Plc', 'experienced leaders', 'Ph.D.', 'J.D.', 'M.D.', 'collective expertise', 'spanning financing', 'Edwin Moses', 'Josh Distler', 'two clinical-stage', 'vital organs', 'wide array', 'direct knowledge', 'first half', 'ambitious mission', 'Dr. Moses', 'promising potential', 'other compounds', 'novel approaches', '14-year tenure', 'rapid growth', 'Euronext Brussels', 'stock listing', 'eventual sale', 'Avantium NV', 'David Colpman', 'Mr. Colpman', 'Orexo AB', 'Daniel Curran', 'Dr. Curran', 'External Innovation', 'Quantitative Equity', 'Athanor Capital', 'Schrödinger', 'Ramy Farid', 'computational platform', 'increasing responsibility', 'Dr. Farid', 'key role', 'prior experience', 'strategy experience', 'extensive experience', 'clinical-stage neonatology', 'outstanding Board', 'world-class neonatology', 'The Board', 'exceptional Board', 'preterm infants', 'vulnerable patients', 'divestment programs', 'former Chairman', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass', 'formation', 'Directors', 'Ablynx.', 'commitment', 'President', 'license', 'OHB', 'IGF', 'maturation', 'vasculature', 'treatment', 'membership', 'six', 'complications', 'prematurity', 'quality', 'children', '25 years', 'CEO', 'Europe', 'NASDAQ', 'Sanofi', '30 years', 'Head', 'series', 'licensing', 'boards', 'Center', 'Crossover', 'COO', 'Co.', 'Attenuon', 'positions']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,businesswire.com
2753,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/volta-finance-limited-net-asset-161500734.html,Volta Finance Limited: Net Asset Value as at 31 March 2022,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – March 2022 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES ...,"Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – March 2022 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  12 April 2022AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for March. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYMarch saw a good recovery from the losses experienced in February following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. At the end of March  the fund gained 1.5% which leaves the year-to-date performance at -0.8% as some of the uncertainty from the invasion lingers and as consequences on the markets persist.Turning to the broad asset classes  the monthly performances** were: +1.0% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +1.4% for CLO equity tranches; +0.8% for CLO debt; +0.0% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (together representing 2.8% of NAV).In recent weeks  both the US and the European loan markets saw price increases. Relative to end-of-year levels  loan prices are now down by roughly 1% in the US and 1.5% in Europe on average. Similarly  the percentage of loans trading below 85% has barely increased  confirming our initial analysis that there are very few borrowers  both in the European and the US loan markets that have significant exposure (either revenue or production) to the countries directly involved in the crisis (Russia  Ukraine  and Belarus).The outlook for Volta turns principally  therefore  upon the macro-economic consequences of the war. Especially in Europe  a commodity crisis and the economic sanctions against Russia are increasing recession risks and we lack clarity regarding the length and strength of these issues. In the US  the focus is now more on the abrupt pivot from the US Federal Reserve with a heightened risk of policy error. The Fed is now expected to act rapidly and abruptly to fight against inflation. This is likely to impact housing affordability and household confidence is already declining.Story continuesWe clearly have entered into a period of more uncertainty and higher volatility in financial markets. As always  it may generate stress with a potential rise in default rates this year and next  but it should also generate opportunities (inside CLOs  buying loans at a discount or new loans with far higher spread and  for Volta being able to purchase BB CLO tranches at an attractive spread).When looking at the example of the US CLO market  since the Russian invasion on February 24th  the increase of CLO debt spreads (for AAA/AA/A tranches at least) is relatively modest (in the area of 15/20bps) thanks to the solid demand that persists for floating-rate instruments. So that the arbitrage for USD CLO Equity tranches is still good. There has been almost no increase in CCC loan buckets to date and we expect Volta's ongoing cashflows to stay high.For the 6 months ended March 2022  Volta received €21.3m interest and coupons representing a 16.4% annualized return on NAV. This strong cash flow continues to underpin Volta’s dividend (currently set at 8% of NAV per annum) and provides useful reinvestment opportunities. A dividend of €0.15 per share was declared in March and  at this level  has now almost fully regained the level of dividend payment before Covid. We do not anticipate any negative impacts on cash flows in the foreseeable future.As at the end of March 2022  Volta’s NAV was €258.3m or €7.06 per share ex-dividend.*It should be noted that approximately 8.3% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 2.0% as at 28 February 2022  5.7% as at 31 January 2022  and 0.6% as at 30 September 2021.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.21,0.2,0.6,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 March', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'USD CLO Equity tranches', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'BB CLO tranches', 'residual currency effects', 'CCC loan buckets', 'strong cash flow', 'CLO debt spreads', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'broad asset classes', 'US Federal Reserve', 'useful reinvestment opportunities', 'Serge Demay serge', 'European loan markets', 'US loan markets', 'US CLO market', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'March 2022 monthly report', 'AAA/AA/A tranches', 'loan prices', 'cash flows', 'Corporate Broker', 'AXA IM', 'full report', 'financial markets', 'UNITED STATES', 'good recovery', 'Russian invasion', 'invasion lingers', 'recent weeks', 'initial analysis', 'significant exposure', 'economic sanctions', 'recession risks', 'abrupt pivot', 'housing affordability', 'household confidence', 'higher volatility', 'potential rise', 'default rates', 'higher spread', 'attractive spread', 'solid demand', 'floating-rate instruments', 'ongoing cashflows', '€21.3m interest', '16.4% annualized return', 'negative impacts', 'foreseeable future', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'monthly performances', 'The Fed', 'The Co', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'year levels', 'macro-economic consequences', 'commodity crisis', 'policy error', 'Company Secretary', 'price increases', 'new loans', 'February 24th', 'period ends', 'dividend payment', 'month-end date', 'NAV information', '28 February', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '12 April', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'losses', 'Ukraine', 'fund', 'uncertainty', 'ABS', 'percentage', 'few', 'borrowers', 'revenue', 'production', 'countries', 'Belarus', 'outlook', 'war', 'clarity', 'length', 'strength', 'issues', 'focus', 'heightened', 'inflation', 'Story', 'stress', 'CLOs', 'discount', 'example', 'area', '15/20bps', 'arbitrage', '6 months', 'coupons', 'annum', 'share', 'Covid', 'GAV', 'investments', 'timely', 'basis', '31 January', '30 September', 'Dietz-performance', 'assets', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', '44']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2754,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ecoslops-2021-annual-results-milestone-173000895.html,Ecoslops 2021 annual results: a new milestone in the Group's development,New milestone in the Group's development: positive EBITDA 2021 excluding the launch of the Marseille unit  confirming the Group's strengths in the energy and...,"EcoslopsNew milestone in the Group's development: positive EBITDA 2021 excluding the launch of the Marseille unit  confirming the Group's strengths in the energy and circular economy marketsParis  April 12  2022  7:30 p.m. - Ecoslops  the cleantech company that brings oil into the circular economy  announces the results for the year ended December 31  2021  as approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on April 12  2022.Turnover of €12.45M  up 116%EBITDA of (€1.5M) with a strong acceleration in the second half of the year and positive EBITDA excluding Ecoslops ProvenceA business model based on the recycling of hydrocarbon waste  more than ever adapted to the needs of independence and energy transitionMultiple development opportunities identified for 2022 and beyondOperational highlights for the year 2021After a year 2020 affected by the health crisis and its repercussions on oil prices  the group has taken an important step in its development in 2021  with :The start-up of the Marseille unitThe first half of the year saw the completion of the construction work  which enabled the unit to be delivered on July 2  2021  in the presence of the presidents of the two groups: Ecoslops and TotalEnergies. After the completion of operational and safety tests  as well as the approval of the products by a large panel of new customers  the fourth quarter saw the start of the ramp-up with the production of 1 500 tons of refined products  of which 500 tons were sold during the year  representing €0.2 million of turnover ;The sale  in March 2021  of the first Scarabox® unit which  given its degree of completion on December 31  2021  represents an additional turnover of €3.7 million;A return to favorable market conditions for the Sines unit with Brent crude oil prices rising from an average of $43.3/bbl in 2020 to $70.8/bbl in 2021. Ecoslops Portugal's turnover has thus increased from €5.7M in 2020 to €8.5M in 2021  despite a 2-month shutdown at the beginning of the year pending the extended renewal of the operating permit  generating an annual EBITDA of €1.6M  including €1.5M in the alone second half of the year  which represents a historic performance.Story continuesAs a result  the Group's EBITDA has improved from (€3.0M) in 2020 to (€1.45M) in 2021 and breaks down as follows:In €'000 HY1 HY2 FY 2021 FY 2020 Ecoslops Portugal 110 1 525 1 635 -828 Holding costs & Scarabox -1 177 -271 -1 148 -2 060 Perimeter excl. Marseille ramp-up -1 067 1 254 187 -2 888 Ecoslops Provence -201 -1 438 -1 639 -84 Total -1 268 -184 -1 452 -2 972Excluding Ecoslops Provence  which recorded a negative EBITDA linked to the ramp-up phase of the Marseille unit  the Group achieved a positive annual EBITDA of €0.2 million  including €1.3 million in the second half of the year.Strengthening the Ecoslops business modelWith the completion of the Scarabox® project and the start-up of the Marseille unit  the group is significantly strengthening its business model in the circular economy in the field of hydrocarbon residues:- by developing  as far as the Scarabox is concerned  an industrial equipment activity allowing  in addition to slops and sludge  the revalorization of used waste oils. This industrial solution is above all an economic and environmental solution for developing countries.- doubling its production capacity (from 30 000 to 60 000 metric tons/year) in its own P2R units  with the Marseille unit.These two activities are complementary (know-how  teams  references  etc.) but largely independent in terms of development. Revenues from operating the P2R units are linked to the price of oil products  while revenues from the equipment manufacturer business (Scarabox®) are based on the number of units sold and in service. In addition  because they are 100% circular  these innovations contribute to reducing the carbon footprint.Consolidated income statement 2021 (in k€) - Analytical presentation(Based on audited accounts  reports in progress)FY 2021 FY 2020 In €'000 Turnover Gross margin Turnover Gross margin Refined products 6 517 3 768 Scarabox 3 734 0 Port services & others 2 196 1 985 Total Turnover / GM 12 447 6 535 5 753 3 417 Other income 397 397 Personnel expenses -3 652 -3 492 Other expenses -4 673 -3 226 Taxes -59 -69 EBITDA -1 452 -2 973 Depreciation -1 790 -1 577 Financial result -1 720 -657 Corporate tax 697 66 Net Result -4 264 -5 141 Net Result - Part for the Group -3 720 -5 067Refined Products turnover has risen sharply  from €3.8M in 2020 to €6.5M in 2021. This 73% increase comes from 6% of the Marseille unit (which produced and sold 1 500 and 500 tons respectively  representing €0.2 million of turnover) and 67% from the Sines unit. Indeed  after a two-month shutdown at the beginning of the year (waiting for the renewal and extension of the operating permit) which represented a loss of 4 500 tons  the Sines unit produced 21 960 tons over the year  including a historical record of 13 889 tons in the second half. In summary  this 67% can be broken down into a +1% volume effect and a +66% price/mix effect with an average sales price that has risen from 201€/Tonne in 2020 to 332€/Tonne in 2021. In the Refined Products activity  the sharp drop in oil prices had deteriorated the gross margin rate in 2020. The recovery of oil prices and the implementation of hedging contracts on Brent crude have enabled us to restore a gross margin rate well above 50% in 2021.The Cameroonian company  Valtech Energy  customer of the first Scarabox® unit  has lifted the condition precedent related to its financing in December 2021. This will lead to a delivery of the unit in May 2022. As of December 31  2021  the construction of the unit was 93% complete  corresponding to a turnover of €3.7M.The increase in personnel costs is €0.16 million. This is linked to the freezing of variable remuneration in 2020 and to general cost control.External expenses increased by €1.45 million  entirely attributable to the start-up of the Marseille unit.The financial result has deteriorated by €1 million  due to the entry into force in 2022  on the basis of the 2021 accounts  of the ""royalty fees"" on the loan from the European Investment Bank. A provision of €0.87 million has therefore been made for these royalty fees  which are calculated as a percentage of consolidated turnover.Corporate income tax represents an income of €0.7 million and breaks down into a tax income of €0.4 million relating to the research tax credit  and the recognition of deferred tax assets in Portugal for an amount of €0.3 million.Consolidated balance sheet as of December 31  2021(Audited accounts and reports in progress)In €'000 FY 2021 FY 2020 Var. €k Var. % Intangible assets 1 441 1 209 232 19% Tangible assets 34 342 32 811 1 531 5% Financial assets 180 175 5 3% Fixed assets 35 963 34 195 1 768 5% Inventory 1 510 1 391 119 9% Trade receivables 5 090 486 4 604 947% Other receivables 1 721 1 785 (64) (4)% Deferred tax asset 1 348 1 023 325 32% Cash and cash equivalent 6 340 7 955 (1 615) (20)% Prepaid expenses 1 036 1 071 (35) (3)% Current assets 17 045 13 711 3 334 24% Total Assets 53 008 47 906 5 102 11% FY 2021 FY 2020 Var. €k Var. % Capital & Reserves 19 734 18 676 1 058 6% Investing subsidy 1 556 1 654 (98) (6)% Minority shareholders 590 1 134 (544) (48)% Net result - Part for the Group (3 720) (5 067) 1 347 (27)% Equity 18 160 16 397 1 763 11% Prov. for Risks & Charges 180 250 (70) (28)% Financial debt 28 952 26 552 2 400 9% Trade payables 4 113 2 969 1 144 39% Social and tax liabilities 1 053 1 154 (101) (9)% Other payables 550 584 (34) (6)% Current liabilities 5 716 4 707 1 009 21% Total Liability & Equity 53 008 47 906 5 102 11%Financial position and cash flowsAs of December 31  2021  the Group had nearly €6.3 million in cash (€1.6 million compared to December 31  2020) and net debt of €22.6 million (vs. €18.6 million as of December 31  2020). The change in cash flow is analyzed as follows:It should be noted that the closing cash position is impacted by the change in operating working capital. Indeed  the first payment related to the sale of the Scarabox® (2.4M€) as well as the reimbursement of the 2020 research tax credit (0.4M€) were received at the beginning of 2022  and not at the end of 2021 as expected.Finally  it is recalled that the parent company  Ecoslops SA  has completed at the end of October 2021 a capital increase in cash with cancellation of the preferential subscription right of 6.1 M€ (net of fees and commissions).PerspectivesRegarding P2R  Ecoslops is engaged in discussions about possible locations in the ports of Antwerp  Singapore and the Suez Canal (for the latter  the prerequisite is the installation of a collection station for marine residues). Even if the commercial process has been slowed down by the health crisis  the group's ambition is to sign one of these three projects in 2022. In this respect  in October 2021 the group signed a partnership agreement with Mercuria Energy Group  the purpose of which is to study together the feasibility of port infrastructure projects for the collection and recycling of hydrocarbon residues in the Middle East and South East Asia.For the Sines unit in Portugal  the company plans to produce around 25 000 tonnes in 2022.For the Marseille unit  after a start of operation in 2021 which produced 1 500 tons  the objective for 2022 is to continue to make the installation reliable and to gradually increase its capacity in order to produce 10 000 tons  then to reach full capacity in the following years.Regarding the Scarabox®  Ecoslops continues to develop a portfolio of prospects  the most advanced of which are located on the African continent. To accelerate the commercial development and to gain a foothold on this virgin market  the group has signed a technical and commercial partnership with Greenflow  a company offering feedstock treatment equipment upstream of the Scarabox® vacuum distillation column. The objective for 2022 is to contract two new sales. It is reminded that the Group's strategy is to be a minority shareholder in Scarabox® projects in order to guarantee a long term technical and industrial support to the customer companies. In this perspective  the group has taken in February 2022 a 17% stake in the capital of Valtech Energy for an amount of 600k€.ESGThe results of the Gaïa Research 2021 evaluation campaign (covering the year 2020) were published in February 2022 and confirmed the group's continued progress in terms of ESG performance. With an overall score of 68/100  an increase of 5 points compared to the previous year  the group ranks 12th /140 on the scope of companies with less than €150 million in turnover (compared to 12th / 78 in the previous campaign). With a score of 85/100 for environmental criteria  the company is above the industry sector benchmark (61/100 on average)  as well as in the social field with 70/100 (compared to 59/100 for the benchmark)  and is progressing in terms of governance with 64/100 (within the benchmark average).The Ecoslops Group is committed to continuous improvement of its ESG performance.Financial calendarCombined Shareholders' Meeting : 9 June 2022Publication of half-yearly results: 21 September 2022A PROPOS D’ECOSLOPSEcoslops est cotée sur Euronext Growth à ParisCode ISIN : FR0011490648 - Mnémonique : ALESA / éligible PEA-PME.Contact Relations investisseurs : info.esa@ecoslops.com - +33 (0)1 83 64 47 43Ecoslops fait entrer le pétrole dans l’économie circulaire grâce à une technologie innovante  permettant de produire du carburant et du bitume léger à partir de résidus pétroliers. La solution proposée par Ecoslops repose sur un procédé industriel unique de micro-raffinage de ces résidus pour les transformer en produits commerciaux de 2ème génération aux standards internationaux. Ecoslops offre aux infrastructures portuaires  aux collecteurs de résidus ainsi qu’aux armateurs une solution économique et plus respectueuse de l’environnement.www.ecoslops.comAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.15,0.29,0.57,True,English,"['Ecoslops 2021 annual results', 'new milestone', 'Group', 'development', '000 Turnover Gross margin Turnover Gross margin', 'Brent crude oil prices', 'favorable market conditions', 'industrial equipment activity', 'equipment manufacturer business', 'Consolidated income statement', 'circular economy markets', 'Multiple development opportunities', 'HY1 HY2 FY', '30,000 to 60,000 metric tons', 'Refined Products turnover', 'Ecoslops business model', 'positive annual EBITDA', 'first Scarabox® unit', 'additional turnover', 'Total Turnover', 'first half', 'industrial solution', 'Other income', 'positive EBITDA', 'oil products', 'New milestone', 'Marseille unit', 'cleantech company', 'strong acceleration', 'second half', 'hydrocarbon waste', 'health crisis', 'important step', 'construction work', 'two groups', 'safety tests', 'large panel', 'new customers', 'fourth quarter', 'Sines unit', '2-month shutdown', 'operating permit', 'historic performance', 'Holding costs', 'Marseille ramp', 'hydrocarbon residues', 'waste oils', 'environmental solution', 'developing countries', 'two activities', 'carbon footprint', 'Analytical presentation', 'Port services', '397 Personnel expenses', 'Other expenses', 'Corporate tax', 'two-month shutdown', 'historical record', '+1% volume effect', 'Ecoslops Provence', 'Ecoslops Portugal', 'negative EBITDA', 'Financial result', 'Net Result', 'P2R units', 'energy transition', 'Operational highlights', 'extended renewal', 'ramp-up phase', 'Scarabox® project', 'production capacity', '1,500 tons', '4,500 tons', '21,960 tons', '13,889 tons', 'launch', 'strengths', 'Paris', 'April', 'results', 'year', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'recycling', 'needs', 'independence', 'repercussions', 'start-up', 'completion', 'July', 'presence', 'presidents', 'TotalEnergies', 'approval', 'sale', 'March', 'degree', 'return', 'average', 'beginning', 'Story', 'Perimeter', 'field', 'sludge', 'revalorization', 'economic', 'know-how', 'teams', 'references', 'terms', 'Revenues', 'number', 'innovations', 'accounts', 'reports', 'progress', 'others', 'GM', '226 Taxes', 'Depreciation', 'Part', '73% increase', 'extension', 'loss', 'summary', '+66% price', '7:30', '2022', '060', '€']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2755,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-ecoslops-2021-annual-results-173700833.html,Correction: Ecoslops 2021 annual results: a new milestone in the Group's development,New milestone in the Group's development: positive EBITDA 2021 excluding the launch of the Marseille unit  confirming the Group's strengths in the energy and...,"EcoslopsNew milestone in the Group's development: positive EBITDA 2021 excluding the launch of the Marseille unit  confirming the Group's strengths in the energy and circular economy marketsParis  April 12  2022  7:30 p.m. - Ecoslops  the cleantech company that brings oil into the circular economy  announces the results for the year ended December 31  2021  as approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on April 12  2022.Turnover of €12.45M  up 116%EBITDA of (€1.5M) with a strong acceleration in the second half of the year and positive EBITDA excluding Ecoslops ProvenceA business model based on the recycling of hydrocarbon waste  more than ever adapted to the needs of independence and energy transitionMultiple development opportunities identified for 2022 and beyondOperational highlights for the year 2021After a year 2020 affected by the health crisis and its repercussions on oil prices  the group has taken an important step in its development in 2021  with :The start-up of the Marseille unitThe first half of the year saw the completion of the construction work  which enabled the unit to be delivered on July 2  2021  in the presence of the presidents of the two groups: Ecoslops and TotalEnergies. After the completion of operational and safety tests  as well as the approval of the products by a large panel of new customers  the fourth quarter saw the start of the ramp-up with the production of 1 500 tons of refined products  of which 500 tons were sold during the year  representing €0.2 million of turnover ;The sale  in March 2021  of the first Scarabox® unit which  given its degree of completion on December 31  2021  represents an additional turnover of €3.7 million;A return to favorable market conditions for the Sines unit with Brent crude oil prices rising from an average of $43.3/bbl in 2020 to $70.8/bbl in 2021. Ecoslops Portugal's turnover has thus increased from €5.7M in 2020 to €8.5M in 2021  despite a 2-month shutdown at the beginning of the year pending the extended renewal of the operating permit  generating an annual EBITDA of €1.6M  including €1.5M in the alone second half of the year  which represents a historic performance.Story continuesAs a result  the Group's EBITDA has improved from (€3.0M) in 2020 to (€1.45M) in 2021 and breaks down as follows:In €'000 HY1 HY2 FY 2021 FY 2020 Ecoslops Portugal 110 1 525 1 635 -828 Holding costs & Scarabox -1 177 -271 -1 448 -2 060 Perimeter excl. Marseille ramp-up -1 067 1 254 187 -2 888 Ecoslops Provence -201 -1 438 -1 639 -84 Total -1 268 -184 -1 452 -2 972Excluding Ecoslops Provence  which recorded a negative EBITDA linked to the ramp-up phase of the Marseille unit  the Group achieved a positive annual EBITDA of €0.2 million  including €1.3 million in the second half of the year.Strengthening the Ecoslops business modelWith the completion of the Scarabox® project and the start-up of the Marseille unit  the group is significantly strengthening its business model in the circular economy in the field of hydrocarbon residues:- by developing  as far as the Scarabox is concerned  an industrial equipment activity allowing  in addition to slops and sludge  the revalorization of used waste oils. This industrial solution is above all an economic and environmental solution for developing countries.- doubling its production capacity (from 30 000 to 60 000 metric tons/year) in its own P2R units  with the Marseille unit.These two activities are complementary (know-how  teams  references  etc.) but largely independent in terms of development. Revenues from operating the P2R units are linked to the price of oil products  while revenues from the equipment manufacturer business (Scarabox®) are based on the number of units sold and in service. In addition  because they are 100% circular  these innovations contribute to reducing the carbon footprint.Consolidated income statement 2021 (in k€) - Analytical presentation(Based on audited accounts  reports in progress)FY 2021 FY 2020 In €'000 Turnover Gross margin Turnover Gross margin Refined products 6 517 3 768 Scarabox 3 734 0 Port services & others 2 196 1 985 Total Turnover / GM 12 447 6 535 5 753 3 417 Other income 397 397 Personnel expenses -3 652 -3 492 Other expenses -4 673 -3 226 Taxes -59 -69 EBITDA -1 452 -2 973 Depreciation -1 790 -1 577 Financial result -1 720 -657 Corporate tax 697 66 Net Result -4 264 -5 141 Net Result - Part for the Group -3 720 -5 067Refined Products turnover has risen sharply  from €3.8M in 2020 to €6.5M in 2021. This 73% increase comes from 6% of the Marseille unit (which produced and sold 1 500 and 500 tons respectively  representing €0.2 million of turnover) and 67% from the Sines unit. Indeed  after a two-month shutdown at the beginning of the year (waiting for the renewal and extension of the operating permit) which represented a loss of 4 500 tons  the Sines unit produced 21 960 tons over the year  including a historical record of 13 889 tons in the second half. In summary  this 67% can be broken down into a +1% volume effect and a +66% price/mix effect with an average sales price that has risen from 201€/Tonne in 2020 to 332€/Tonne in 2021. In the Refined Products activity  the sharp drop in oil prices had deteriorated the gross margin rate in 2020. The recovery of oil prices and the implementation of hedging contracts on Brent crude have enabled us to restore a gross margin rate well above 50% in 2021.The Cameroonian company  Valtech Energy  customer of the first Scarabox® unit  has lifted the condition precedent related to its financing in December 2021. This will lead to a delivery of the unit in May 2022. As of December 31  2021  the construction of the unit was 93% complete  corresponding to a turnover of €3.7M.The increase in personnel costs is €0.16 million. This is linked to the freezing of variable remuneration in 2020 and to general cost control.External expenses increased by €1.45 million  entirely attributable to the start-up of the Marseille unit.The financial result has deteriorated by €1 million  due to the entry into force in 2022  on the basis of the 2021 accounts  of the ""royalty fees"" on the loan from the European Investment Bank. A provision of €0.87 million has therefore been made for these royalty fees  which are calculated as a percentage of consolidated turnover.Corporate income tax represents an income of €0.7 million and breaks down into a tax income of €0.4 million relating to the research tax credit  and the recognition of deferred tax assets in Portugal for an amount of €0.3 million.Consolidated balance sheet as of December 31  2021(Audited accounts and reports in progress)In €'000 FY 2021 FY 2020 Var. €k Var. % Intangible assets 1 441 1 209 232 19% Tangible assets 34 342 32 811 1 531 5% Financial assets 180 175 5 3% Fixed assets 35 963 34 195 1 768 5% Inventory 1 510 1 391 119 9% Trade receivables 5 090 486 4 604 947% Other receivables 1 721 1 785 (64) (4)% Deferred tax asset 1 348 1 023 325 32% Cash and cash equivalent 6 340 7 955 (1 615) (20)% Prepaid expenses 1 036 1 071 (35) (3)% Current assets 17 045 13 711 3 334 24% Total Assets 53 008 47 906 5 102 11% FY 2021 FY 2020 Var. €k Var. % Capital & Reserves 19 734 18 676 1 058 6% Investing subsidy 1 556 1 654 (98) (6)% Minority shareholders 590 1 134 (544) (48)% Net result - Part for the Group (3 720) (5 067) 1 347 (27)% Equity 18 160 16 397 1 763 11% Prov. for Risks & Charges 180 250 (70) (28)% Financial debt 28 952 26 552 2 400 9% Trade payables 4 113 2 969 1 144 39% Social and tax liabilities 1 053 1 154 (101) (9)% Other payables 550 584 (34) (6)% Current liabilities 5 716 4 707 1 009 21% Total Liability & Equity 53 008 47 906 5 102 11%Financial position and cash flowsAs of December 31  2021  the Group had nearly €6.3 million in cash (€1.6 million compared to December 31  2020) and net debt of €22.6 million (vs. €18.6 million as of December 31  2020). The change in cash flow is analyzed as follows:It should be noted that the closing cash position is impacted by the change in operating working capital. Indeed  the first payment related to the sale of the Scarabox® (2.4M€) as well as the reimbursement of the 2020 research tax credit (0.4M€) were received at the beginning of 2022  and not at the end of 2021 as expected.Finally  it is recalled that the parent company  Ecoslops SA  has completed at the end of October 2021 a capital increase in cash with cancellation of the preferential subscription right of 6.1 M€ (net of fees and commissions).PerspectivesRegarding P2R  Ecoslops is engaged in discussions about possible locations in the ports of Antwerp  Singapore and the Suez Canal (for the latter  the prerequisite is the installation of a collection station for marine residues). Even if the commercial process has been slowed down by the health crisis  the group's ambition is to sign one of these three projects in 2022. In this respect  in October 2021 the group signed a partnership agreement with Mercuria Energy Group  the purpose of which is to study together the feasibility of port infrastructure projects for the collection and recycling of hydrocarbon residues in the Middle East and South East Asia.For the Sines unit in Portugal  the company plans to produce around 25 000 tonnes in 2022.For the Marseille unit  after a start of operation in 2021 which produced 1 500 tons  the objective for 2022 is to continue to make the installation reliable and to gradually increase its capacity in order to produce 10 000 tons  then to reach full capacity in the following years.Regarding the Scarabox®  Ecoslops continues to develop a portfolio of prospects  the most advanced of which are located on the African continent. To accelerate the commercial development and to gain a foothold on this virgin market  the group has signed a technical and commercial partnership with Greenflow  a company offering feedstock treatment equipment upstream of the Scarabox® vacuum distillation column. The objective for 2022 is to contract two new sales. It is reminded that the Group's strategy is to be a minority shareholder in Scarabox® projects in order to guarantee a long term technical and industrial support to the customer companies. In this perspective  the group has taken in February 2022 a 17% stake in the capital of Valtech Energy for an amount of 600k€.ESGThe results of the Gaïa Research 2021 evaluation campaign (covering the year 2020) were published in February 2022 and confirmed the group's continued progress in terms of ESG performance. With an overall score of 68/100  an increase of 5 points compared to the previous year  the group ranks 12th /140 on the scope of companies with less than €150 million in turnover (compared to 12th / 78 in the previous campaign). With a score of 85/100 for environmental criteria  the company is above the industry sector benchmark (61/100 on average)  as well as in the social field with 70/100 (compared to 59/100 for the benchmark)  and is progressing in terms of governance with 64/100 (within the benchmark average).The Ecoslops Group is committed to continuous improvement of its ESG performance.Financial calendarCombined Shareholders' Meeting : 9 June 2022Publication of half-yearly results: 21 September 2022A PROPOS D’ECOSLOPSEcoslops est cotée sur Euronext Growth à ParisCode ISIN : FR0011490648 - Mnémonique : ALESA / éligible PEA-PME.Contact Relations investisseurs : info.esa@ecoslops.com - +33 (0)1 83 64 47 43Ecoslops fait entrer le pétrole dans l’économie circulaire grâce à une technologie innovante  permettant de produire du carburant et du bitume léger à partir de résidus pétroliers. La solution proposée par Ecoslops repose sur un procédé industriel unique de micro-raffinage de ces résidus pour les transformer en produits commerciaux de 2ème génération aux standards internationaux. Ecoslops offre aux infrastructures portuaires  aux collecteurs de résidus ainsi qu’aux armateurs une solution économique et plus respectueuse de l’environnement.www.ecoslops.comAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,mixed,0.15,0.29,0.57,True,English,"['2021 annual results', 'new milestone', 'Correction', 'Ecoslops', 'Group', 'development', '000 Turnover Gross margin Turnover Gross margin', 'Brent crude oil prices', 'HY1 HY2 FY 2021 FY', 'favorable market conditions', 'industrial equipment activity', 'equipment manufacturer business', 'Consolidated income statement', 'circular economy markets', 'Multiple development opportunities', '30,000 to 60,000 metric tons', 'Refined Products turnover', 'Ecoslops business model', 'positive annual EBITDA', 'first Scarabox® unit', 'additional turnover', 'Total Turnover', 'first half', 'industrial solution', 'Other income', 'positive EBITDA', 'oil products', 'New milestone', 'Marseille unit', 'cleantech company', 'strong acceleration', 'second half', 'hydrocarbon waste', 'health crisis', 'important step', 'construction work', 'two groups', 'safety tests', 'large panel', 'new customers', 'fourth quarter', 'Sines unit', '2-month shutdown', 'operating permit', 'historic performance', 'Holding costs', 'Marseille ramp', 'hydrocarbon residues', 'waste oils', 'environmental solution', 'developing countries', 'two activities', 'carbon footprint', 'Analytical presentation', 'Port services', '397 Personnel expenses', 'Other expenses', 'Corporate tax', 'two-month shutdown', 'historical record', '+1% volume effect', 'Ecoslops Provence', 'Ecoslops Portugal', 'negative EBITDA', 'Financial result', 'Net Result', 'P2R units', 'energy transition', 'Operational highlights', 'extended renewal', 'ramp-up phase', 'Scarabox® project', 'production capacity', '1,500 tons', '4,500 tons', '21,960 tons', '13,889 tons', 'launch', 'strengths', 'Paris', 'April', 'results', 'year', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'recycling', 'needs', 'independence', 'repercussions', 'start-up', 'completion', 'July', 'presence', 'presidents', 'TotalEnergies', 'approval', 'sale', 'March', 'degree', 'return', 'average', 'beginning', 'Story', '060 Perimeter', 'field', 'sludge', 'revalorization', 'economic', 'know-how', 'teams', 'references', 'terms', 'Revenues', 'number', 'innovations', 'accounts', 'reports', 'progress', 'others', 'GM', '226 Taxes', 'Depreciation', 'Part', '73% increase', 'extension', 'loss', 'summary', '+66% price/mix', '7:30', '2022', '€']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2756,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-confirms-notification-from-nasdaq-on-minimum-share-price-requirement-301523444.html,VEON confirms notification from Nasdaq on minimum share price requirement,AMSTERDAM  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and digital services  today confirms that on 7 April 2022 VEON received notification from the Listing Qualifications Depar…,"AMSTERDAM  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and digital services  today confirms that on 7 April 2022 VEON received notification from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") that VEON is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq's Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).The Minimum Bid Price notification has no immediate effect on the continued listing status of VEON's American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"") on Nasdaq. Furthermore  VEON's business operations are not affected by the receipt of the notification.Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of USD 1.00 per share and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid price of VEON's ADSs for the 30 consecutive business days ended 6 April 2022  VEON no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement.In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)  VEON has an initial grace period of 180 calendar days  or until 4 October 2022 (the ""Compliance Period"")  to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During this time  VEON's common stock will continue to be listed and traded on Nasdaq. If  at any time during the Compliance Period  the bid price for VEON's ADSs closes at USD 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days  Nasdaq will provide notification to VEON that it complies with the minimum bid price requirement  unless Nasdaq exercises its discretion to extend this 10 day period requirement pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(F).In the event VEON does not regain compliance within the 180 calendar day Compliance Period and it complies with all other listing standards and requirements  VEON may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day Compliance Period.VEON intends to monitor the closing bid price of its ADSs and may  if appropriate  consider available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. There can be no assurance that VEON will regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement during the Compliance Period  secure a second period of 180 days to regain compliance or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements.VEON is also listed on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange and the Minimum Bid Price notification from Nasdaq does not affect VEON's compliance status with its Euronext Amsterdam listing.DisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and internet services. For more information visit: www.veon.comContact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershaw[email protected]+31 20 79 77 200SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.01,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['minimum share price requirement', 'VEON', 'notification', 'Nasdaq', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'The Minimum Bid Price notification', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'additional 180 calendar day Compliance Period', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', '10 day period requirement', 'other Nasdaq listing requirements', 'closing bid price', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'American Depositary Shares', 'other listing standards', 'initial grace period', 'continued listing status', 'Euronext Amsterdam listing', '30 consecutive business days', '10 consecutive business days', 'leading global provider', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', '180 calendar days', 'listed securities', 'common stock', 'other things', 'business operations', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'second period', 'compliance status', 'digital services', 'immediate effect', 'available options', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'management plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'internet services', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'VEON Ltd.', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', '180 days', 'Nasdaq.', 'statements', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'connectivity', 'ADSs', 'receipt', 'USD', 'failure', 'deficiency', 'accordance', '4 October', 'time', 'discretion', 'assurance', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', '31']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2757,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-2021-full-050000358.html,Sequana Medical announces 2021 Full Year Results and 2022 Outlook,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION12 April 2022  07:00 CET alfapump® in liver disease Positive results from second interim analysis of POSEIDON pivotal study...,"Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION12 April 2022  07:00 CETalfa pump ® in liver disease P ositive results from second interim analysis of POSEIDON pivotal study ; encouraging survival data at 12 months vs . published literature P atient enrolment and implants completed ; primary endpoint on track for Q4 2022 FDA regulatory submission planned for mid-2023DSR ® in heart failure RED DESERT study demonstrated safety  cardio-renal benefit and long-term improvement in diuretic response SAHARA DESERT study interim data shows ability to remove fluid overload in decompensated patients; top-line data expected in H2 2022 CMC and pre-clinical development of proprietary DSR Infusate on track to start U . S . MOJAVE DESERT study in H2 2022Corporate Total cash position of € 9.6 million at end 2021 Equity placement of €28.4 million in March 2022 extend ing cash runway into Q2 2023Conference call with live webcast today at 03:00 pm CET / 09:00 am ESTGhent  Belgium – 12 April 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  an innovator in the treatment of diuretic-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites and heart failure  today announces its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2021  and provides a business update and an outlook for the remainder of 2022.Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “We have made strong clinical progress throughout 2021  demonstrating the power and versatility of our alfapump and DSR technologies to improve the treatments for patients suffering from diuretic-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  cancer and heart failure.“We reported further positive interim results in our pivotal POSEIDON study  and recently added the 12-month survival data. Together these indicate that the alfapump can not only dramatically reduce the need for therapeutic paracentesis and improve the quality of life for patients with recurrent or refractory liver ascites  but also the twelve-month survival compares favourably with the published literature. Having completed patient enrolment and implants  we are on track to report the study primary endpoint towards year-end. This study is an important step in bringing the alfapump to North American patients  our key growth market  and we currently foresee Premarket Approval submission to the FDA in mid-2023.Story continues“The clinical story for DSR as a heart failure therapy continues to build. Topline data from RED DESERT demonstrated that repeated DSR therapy can safely manage the fluid and sodium balance in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients  as well as improve their cardio-renal status and durably restore their diuretic response. With this evidence  we progressed into decompensated heart failure patients in our SAHARA DESERT study  and the interim results show the ability of DSR to rapidly eliminate persistent congestion  in addition to the benefits shown in RED DESERT.“We are making good progress with our proprietary DSR Infusate 2.0  a sodium-free dextrose / icodextrin solution that we anticipate to have a superior therapeutic and safety profile as well as robust Intellectual Property protection. Pre-clinical activities are underway to support its use in MOJAVE DESERT  a phase 1b/2a study in the U.S. evaluating short-term DSR therapy in decompensated heart failure patients anticipated to start in the second half of this year.”2021 Highlightsalfapump in liver diseasePOSEIDON – Strong progress and derisking of North American pivotal study of the alfa pump in recurrent and refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis Completed patient enrolment in December 2021  with 71 patients enrolled in the Pivotal Cohort. Reported a second interim analysis in July 2021 on 26 patients from the Roll-In Cohort  reaffirming the previous positive efficacy results and providing longer-term evidence of the reduction in therapeutic paracentesis (TP) and continued improvements in quality of life. Data from this Roll-In Cohort substantially exceeded the primary endpoints as defined for the Pivotal Cohort in the study 1   demonstrating: over 90% reduction in mean frequency of TP versus baseline (versus primary endpoint of at least 50% reduction)  all patients having at least a 50% reduction in mean frequency of TP per month versus baseline (versus primary endpoint of at least 50% of patients)  clinically important improvement in quality of life maintained even up to 12 months post-implantation  and safety profile in line with expectations.Key Opinion Leader (KOL) event endorsed alfa pump market potential Hosted a KOL event in July 2021 with two leading KOLs from the Mayo Clinic Arizona  Hugo E. Vargas  M.D. and Grace Knuttinen  M.D.  Ph.D.  who discussed the impact of ascites on patients' quality of life and the limitations of current treatment options  along with their experience of alfa pump implantation.DSR in heart failureRED DESERT – Clinical proof-of-concept of repeated alfa pump DSR therapy in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients Reported strong top-line results in May 2021 in eight euvolemic heart failure patients on high dose diuretics  demonstrating that alfa pump DSR (i) is highly effective at safely managing fluid and sodium balance  (ii) dramatically improved diuretic response and the benefit was maintained in long-term follow-up  and (iii) significantly improved cardio-renal function. Following the six-week study  patients continued to be followed for up to 19 months 2 . All patients had a reduction in their oral loop diuretic dose ranging from 40% to 96% at their last visit within the follow-up period (9-19 months after last DSR treatment in the study)  showing significant durability to the improvement in diuretic responsiveness following alfa pump DSR therapy. Dr. Testani presented these results as a late-breaker at the European Society of Cardiology's Heart Failure 2021 Online Congress and they were selected as one of the highlights of the Congress.SAHARA DESERT – Strong interim results of ongoing safety and feasibility study of alfa pump DSR in decompensated diuretic-resistant heart failure patients with persistent congestion Reported positive interim results from six patients in December 2021. This analysis showed that alfa pump DSR can (i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate persistent congestion and restore euvolemia in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients  (ii) considerably benefit their cardio-renal status  and (iii) dramatically improve their diuretic responsiveness for months post-treatment.Key DSR and alfa pump DSR patents granted in U.S. and Europe Key patents were granted in the U.S. and European Union in January 2021  covering the alfa pump DSR and its method of operation.DSR development programme on track Made strong progress in the Chemistry  Manufacturing and Controls (CMC) and pre-clinical development work of Sequana Medical's proprietary DSR Infusate 2.0  a second generation infusate with a superior therapeutic and safety profile as well as robust Intellectual Property (IP) protection to drive a high margin recurring revenue stream to accompany alfa pump DSR sales. Expanded the DSR development programme with short-term DSR therapy (without the alfa pump) to derisk the regulatory process  support faster adoption of the DSR therapy in the clinical community  expand potential market opportunity and target earlier entry into the U.S. market.CorporateMedical Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP) certification Received MDSAP certification from Sequana Medical's auditing organisation British Standards Institution (BSI) in November 2021  thereby expanding the Company's Quality Management System (QMS) towards the U.S. and Canada within the scope of design  development  production and distribution of active implantable pump systems to transport fluids within the body.Jackie Fielding appointed as independent Non-Executive Director Appointed Jackie Fielding as independent Non-Executive Director of the Company  a former Vice President of medical technology company Medtronic and ex-head of their UK and Ireland business  effective as of 1 September 2021.€22.5 million raised in an equity placement Raised €22.5 million in February 2021 in an equity placement via an accelerated book building offering from existing investors and new local and international life sciences investors and industry experts.Cash position of €9.6 million at the end of December 2021  compared to €11.0 million at the end of December 2020.Post-period eventsEuropean Medical Device Regulation (MDR) certification Received MDR certification from the Company’s Notified Body  BSI  in February 2022  confirming that its QMS and alfa pump system are compliant with the latest regulatory standards required for medical devices in Europe. alfa pump is one of the first novel Class III active implantable medical devices to be certified.€28.4 million raised in an equity placement Raised €28.4 million in March 2022 in an equity placement via an accelerated book building offering from a new investor  Partners in Equity V B.V. and existing shareholders  extending the cash runway into Q2 2023.Completion of alfa pump implantations in POSEIDON and encouraging survival data at 12 months vs. published literature Announced completion of alfa pump implantations in the POSEIDON pivotal study in April 2022 and reported a preliminary interim analysis 3 of patient survival in the Roll-In cohort indicating a 70% survival rate at one year post-implantation  comparing favourably to published literature of only 50% survival for refractory ascites patients after one year. 4Outlook for 20222022 is on track to be a landmark year for Sequana Medical with the primary endpoint read-out of POSEIDON  the North American pivotal study of the alfapump expected in Q4 2022 and the start of MOJAVE DESERT  the first U.S. study with the Company's proprietary DSR Infusate 2.0 in decompensated heart failure patients  as well as other key value drivers throughout the year.POSEIDON – North American pivotal study of the alfa pump in recurrent and refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis: Reporting of primary endpoint planned for Q4 2022 Premarket Approval (PMA) submission to the U.S. FDA expected in mid-2023SAHARA DESERT – phase 2a safety and feasibility study of alfa pump DSR in decompensated heart failure patients:Completion of patient enrolment expected in H1 2022 Reporting of top-line data expected in H2 2022MOJAVE DESERT – phase 1b/2a safety and feasibility study in the U.S. of short-term DSR therapy using the proprietary DSR Infusate 2.0 in decompensated heart failure patients:Study due to commence before end of yearDetailed financial reviewin Thousand Euros FY 2021 FY 2020 Change Revenue 371 963 -62% Cost of goods sold (77) (202) -62% Gross margin 294 761 -61% Sales & Marketing (2 079) (2 322) -10% Clinical (7 798) (6 108) +28% Quality & Regulatory (3 215) (2 232) +44% Supply Chain (2 716) (1 636) +66% Engineering (3 206) (1 859) +72% General & Administration (5 098) (4 417) +15% Other income 1 205 41 N.M. Total operating expenses (22 907) (18 532) +24% Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT5) (22 614) (17 771) +27% Finance income 246 170 +45% Finance cost (855) (1 348) -37% Total net finance expense (608) (1 178) -48% Income tax expense (393) (157) +150% Net loss for the period (23 615) (19 106) +24% Basic Loss Per Share (1.30) (1.25) +4% Cash position* at 31 December 9 600 11 016 -13%N.M.: Not Meaningful (percentage greater than 150%)* Cash position only includes highly liquid cash and cash equivalents.Consolidated statements of profit and lossRevenueRevenue decreased from €0.96 million in 2020 to €0.37 million in 2021 as a result of reduced supply of the alfapump for the European commercial activities due to lower manufacturing yield and the prioritization of the product supply for the POSEIDON and RED DESERT clinical trials in H1 2021  as well as the impact of COVID-19 on alfapump procedures in France and Germany.Cost of goods soldCost of goods sold decreased from €0.20 million in 2020 to €0.08 million in 2021 which is in line with the decrease in revenue.Operating expensesTotal operating expenses increased from €18.53 million in 2020 to €22.91 million in 2021 mainly due to i) the preparations for the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada  and ii) pre-clinical and clinical development work for Sequana Medical’s proprietary DSR therapy.Sales and marketing expenses decreased from €2.32 million in 2020 to €2.08 million in 2021 due to the reduced European commercial activities.Clinical expenses increased from €6.11 million in 2020 to €7.79 million in 2021 mainly as a result of costs related to the North American pivotal POSEIDON study of the alfapump  the RED DESERT and SAHARA DESERT feasibility studies of the alfapump DSR and pre-clinical development of the Company’s proprietary DSR Infusate.Quality and Regulatory expenses increased from €2.23 million in 2020 to €3.22 million in 2021  mainly driven by costs related to the new Medical Devices Regulation (Regulation 2017/145) and Medical Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP) certifications as well as external advice costs for the preparation of the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada.Supply chain expenses increased from €1.64 million in 2020 to €2.72 million in 2021 largely driven by additional staffing for the preparation of the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada.Engineering expenses increased from €1.86 million in 2020 to €3.21 million in 2021  largely driven by external advice and staffing for the preparations of the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada.General and administration expenses increased from €4.42 million in 2020 to € 5.10 million in 2021 mainly due to costs relating to the equity placement in H1 2021 and additional staffing.Other income increased from €0.04 million in 2020 to €1.21 million in 2021 largely driven by i) the termination of a distribution agreement by mutual agreement and ii) recognized income from Belgian Research & Development (R&D) incentives with regards to incurred R&D expenses.EBIT6As a result of the above  earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) evolved from a loss of €17.77 million in 2020 to a loss of €22.61 million in 2021.Total net finance expensesNet finance cost decreased from €1.18 million in 2020 to €0.61 million in 2021  mainly resulting from the repayment of the Bootstrap loan in 2020.Income tax expenseIncome tax expense increased from €0.16 million in 2020 to €0.39 million in 2021 largely caused by the increased activities in Switzerland.Net loss for the periodAs a result of the above  the net loss increased from €19.11 million in 2020 to €23.62 million in 2021.Basic losses per share (LPS)Basic losses per share increased from €1.25 in 2020 to €1.30 in 2021.Consolidated balance sheetNet debtNet debt7 at 31 December 2021 improved by €1.64 million mainly as a result of the proceeds from the February 2021 equity placement.Working CapitalWorking capital8 improved by €0.33 million in 2021 compared to 2020  mainly as a result of an increase in accrued liabilities as well as other payables  partially compensated by an increase in inventory and other receivables and prepaid expenses.Consolidated statement of cash flowsNet cash outflow from operating activities was €23.62 million in 2021 compared to €17.01 million in 2020. The outflow was mainly driven by higher net loss of the period.Cash flow from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of €0.35 million in 2021  slightly higher than the net outflow of €0.14 million in 2020.Cash flow from financing activities resulted in a net inflow of €22.44 million in 2021  mainly as a result of the proceeds from the February 2021 equity placement. In 2020  the net inflow of €22.63 million was mainly a result of the January 2020 equity placement and the new subordinated loan agreements concluded at the end of July 2020  partially offset by the repayment of the Bootstrap loan (on 16 July 2020).The Company ended 2021 with a total liquidity position of €9.60 million (2020: €11.02 million).Conference Call and WebcastSequana Medical will host a conference call with live webcast presentation today at 03:00 pm CET / 09:00 am EST.Registration webcast: please click hereRegistration conference call (only if you wish to participate in the Q&A): please click here. Once registered  you will receive dial-in numbers and a confirmation code.The webcast and conference call will be conducted in English and a replay will be available on Sequana Medical's website shortly after.2022 financial calendar27 April 2022 Online publication of Annual Report 202127 May 2022 Annual General Meeting 20228 September 2022 Publication of Half Year Results 2022For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsTel: +32 498 05 35 79Email: IR@sequanamedical.comLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van RenterghemTel: +41 76 735 01 31Email: gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.comAbout Sequana MedicalSequana Medical is a commercial stage medical device company utilizing its proprietary alfapump® and DSR® (Direct Sodium Removal) technologies to develop innovative treatments for fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites and heart failure where diuretics are no longer effective. Fluid overload is a frequent complication of many large diseases – including advanced liver disease driven by NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis)-related cirrhosis and heart failure – with diuretic resistance being widespread. The U.S. market for the alfapump resulting from NASH-related cirrhosis is forecast to exceed €3 billion annually within the next 10-20 years. The heart failure market for DSR and the alfapump DSR® is estimated to be over €5 billion annually in the U.S. and EU5 by 2026.The alfapump is Sequana Medical's unique  fully implanted wireless device that automatically pumps fluid from the abdominal cavity into the bladder  where it is naturally eliminated through urination. DSR is Sequana Medical's proprietary approach to managing sodium and fluid overload (congestion) through use of a sodium-free infusate administered into the abdominal cavity.In the U.S.  the Company's key growth market  the alfapump has been granted breakthrough device designation by the FDA for recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. Interim data from the ongoing North American pivotal study (POSEIDON) showed positive outcomes against all primary endpoints  rapid and persistent clinically important improvement in quality of life as well as a mean survival probability of 70% at 12 months post-implantation (compared to 50% survival rate for refractory ascites patients in the published literature). All patients have been implanted with the alfapump and primary endpoint reporting is planned for Q4 2022. This study is intended to support a future marketing application of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada. In Europe  the alfapump is CE-marked for the management of refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and malignant ascites and is included in key clinical practice guidelines. Over 900 alfapump systems have been implanted to date.Sequana Medical has combined its proven alfapump and proprietary DSR therapy  and is developing the alfapump DSR  a breakthrough approach to fluid overload due to heart failure. Top-line results of the RED DESERT study and interim results of the SAHARA DESERT study indicate that repeated DSR therapy in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients is able to safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate persistent congestion and restore euvolemia  improve cardio-renal status and restore diuretic response for months post-treatment. Reporting of top-line data for SAHARA DESERT is planned for H2 2022.Sequana Medical is headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is not currently approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. The DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. The DSR therapy is not currently approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between the DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® and alfapump DSR® are registered trademarks in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Financial informationThe financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS  as adopted by the EU. The financial information included in this press release is an extract from the full IFRS consolidated financial statements which will be published on 27 April 2022.As of the date of this press release  the statutory auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV  with registered office at Culliganlaan 5  1831 Machelen  Belgium  represented by Peter D’hondt  auditor  has not yet completed his audit procedures on the IFRS consolidated statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021.The statutory auditor has confirmed that the audit  which is substantially complete  has not to date revealed any material misstatement in the draft consolidated accounts  and that the accounting data reported in the press release is consistent  in all material respects  with the draft accounts from which it has been derived.Consolidated statement of profit and lossin Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise)Year ended 31 December 2021 2020 Revenue 371 963 Cost of goods sold (77) (202) Gross margin 294 761 Sales & Marketing (2 079) (2 322) Clinical (7 798) (6 108) Quality & Regulatory (3 215) (2 232) Supply Chain (2 716) (1 636) Engineering (3 206) (1 859) General & Administration (5 098) (4 417) Other income 1 205 41 Total operating expenses (22 907) (18 532) Earnings before interests and taxes (EBIT) (22 614) (17 771) Finance income 246 170 Finance cost (855) (1 348) Total net finance expense (608) (1 178) Income tax expense (393) (157) Net loss for the period (23 615) (19 106) Basic losses per share (in Euro) (1.30) (1.25)Consolidated statement of comprehensive incomein Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise)Year ended 31 December 2021 2020 Net loss for the period (23 615) (19 106) Components of other comprehensive income (OCI)items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 96 (15) Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Currency translation adjustments (256) (108) Total other comprehensive income/(loss)-net of tax (160) (123) Total comprehensive income (23 775) (19 229) Attributable to Sequana Medical shareholders (23 775) (19 229)Consolidated balance sheetin Thousand EurosAs at 31 December 2021 2020 ASSETS Property  plant and equipment 1 268 705 Financial Assets 82 67 Other non-current assets 464 Total non-current assets 1 815 772 Trade receivables 82 24 Other receivables and prepaid expenses 1 069 930 Inventory 2 139 1 472 Cash and cash equivalents 9 600 11 016 Total current assets 12 891 13 441 Total assets 14 705 14 213 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Share capital 1 925 1 635 Share premium 142 433 119 333 Reserves (2 669) (2 250) Loss brought forward (142 695) (119 080) Cumulative translation adjustment 220 476 Total equity (787) 113 Long term financial debts 7 325 7 473 Long term lease debts 477 123 Retirement benefit obligation 510 539 Total non-current liabilities 8 312 8 135 Short term financial debts - - Short term lease debts 283 264 Trade payables 2 367 2 802 Other payables 1 925 1 523 Accrued liabilities and provisions 2 605 1 376 Total current liabilities 7 180 5 966 Total equity and liabilities 14 705 14 213Consolidated statement of cash flowsin Thousand EurosYear ended 31 December 2021 2020 Net loss for the period (23 615) (19 106) Income tax expense 393 157 Financial result 613 1 047 Depreciation 409 307 Change in defined benefit plan (40) (22) Share-based compensation 536 256 Changes in trade and other receivables (163) 384 Changes in inventories (865) 126 Changes in trade and other payables/provisions (662) (117) Taxes paid (222) (36) Cash flow used in operating activities (23 617) (17 005) Investments in tangible fixed assets (326) (138) Investments in financial assets (12) (4) Cash flow used in investing activities (338) (142) Proceeds from capital increase 22 771 19 000 (Repayments) from leasing debts (335) (274) (Repayments) from financial debts - (3 201) Proceeds from financial debts - 7 300 Interest paid - (194) Cash flow from financing activities 22 435 22 631 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (1 520) 5 483 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 11 016 5 586 Net effect of currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 104 (54) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 9 600 11 016Consolidated statement of changes in equityin Thousand Euros Share capital Share premium Reserves Loss brought forward Currency translation differences Total shareholder equity Balance at 1 January 2020 1 307 100 661 (1 652) (99 974) 584 926 Net loss for the period (19 106) (19 106) Other comprehensive income (15) (108) (123) January 2020 Equity Placement 328 18 672 19 000 Transaction costs for equity instruments (840) (840) Share-based compensation 256 256 Balance at 31 December 2020 1 635 119 333 (2 250) (119 080) 476 113 Balance at 1 January 2021 1 635 119 333 (2 250) (119 080) 476 113 Net loss for the period (23 615) (23 615) Other comprehensive income 96 (256) (160) February 2021 Equity Placement 274 22 226 22 500 Capital increase Share Options 6 265 271 Capital increase convertible loan to shares 10 609 619 Transaction costs for equity instruments (1 051) (1 051) Share-based compensation 536 536 Balance at 31 December 2021 1 925 142 433 (2 669) (142 695) 220 (787)1 Pre- and post-implant periods for this analysis of the Roll-In Cohort differ from those that will be used for the Pivotal Cohort analysis2 One patient died 9 months after the end of the study (unrelated to DSR therapy)3 Date of analysis 25 March 20224 Biggins et al.  Hepatology  Vol. 74  No. 2  2021  AASLD Practice Guidance; Moreau R et al.  Liver International 2004: 24: 457-4645 EBIT is defined as revenue less cost of goods sold and operating expenses.6 EBIT is defined as revenue less cost of goods sold and operating expenses.7 Net debt is calculated by adding short-term  long-term financial and lease debt and deducting cash and cash equivalents.8 The components of working capital are inventory + trade receivables + other receivables and prepaid expenses - trade payables - other payables - accrued liabilities and provisions.Attachments",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.58,0.23,0.19,True,English,"['2021 Full Year Results', 'Sequana Medical', '2022 Outlook', 'sodium-free dextrose / icodextrin solution', 'repeated alfa pump DSR therapy', 'robust Intellectual Property protection', 'Corporate Total cash position', 'previous positive efficacy results', 'Q4 2022 FDA regulatory submission', 'diuretic-resistant heart failure pat', 'North American pivotal study', 'decompensated heart failure patients', 'repeated DSR therapy', 'Premarket Approval submission', 'heart failure therapy', '07:00 CET alfa pump', 'alfa pump market', 'North American patients', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'key growth market', 'Key Opinion Leader', 'two leading KOLs', 'Hugo E. Vargas', 'positive interim results', 'P ositive results', 'short-term DSR therapy', 'phase 1b/2a study', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'alfa pump implantation', 'P atient enrolment', 'proprietary DSR Infusate', 'second interim analysis', 'SAHARA DESERT study', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'current treatment options', 'POSEIDON pivotal study', 'pivotal POSEIDON study', 'encouraging survival data', '12-month survival data', 'MOJAVE DESERT study', 'RED DESERT study', 'study primary endpoint', 'strong clinical progress', 'refractory liver ascites', 'decompensated patients', 'cash runway', 'Strong progress', 'financial results', 'interim data', 'twelve-month survival', 'second half', 'Pivotal Cohort', 'refractory ascites', 'patient enrolment', 'good progress', 'DSR technologies', 'clinical development', 'Clinical proof', 'primary endpoints', 'liver disease', 'top-line data', 'Topline data', 'liver cirrhosis', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'cardio-renal benefit', 'long-term improvement', 'diuretic response', 'Equity placement', 'Conference call', 'live webcast', 'Euronext Brussels', 'malignant ascites', 'business update', 'Ian Crosbie', 'therapeutic paracentesis', 'important step', 'sodium balance', 'cardio-renal status', 'persistent congestion', 'superior therapeutic', 'safety profile', 'Pre-clinical activities', 'U.S.', 'mean frequency', 'important improvement', 'Mayo Clinic', 'M.D.', 'Grace Knuttinen', 'Ph.D.', 'clinical story', 'Roll-In Cohort', 'H2 2022 CMC', 'longer-term evidence', 'KOL event', ""patients' quality"", '2021 Highlights alfapump', 'DSR ®', '71 patients', '26 patients', '12 April', '12 months', 'literature', 'implants', 'track', 'mid-2023', 'ability', 'March', 'Q2', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'innovator', 'year', 'December', 'outlook', 'remainder', 'power', 'versatility', 'treatments', 'cancer', 'need', 'life', 'recurrent', 'addition', 'benefits', 'use', 'derisking', 'July', 'reduction', 'TP', 'improvements', 'baseline', 'expectations', 'Arizona', 'impact', 'limitations', 'experience', 'concept', '03:00', '09:00']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2758,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/crux-deepens-its-partnership-with-google-cloud-by-integrating-with-google-cloud-analytics-hub-for-external-data-integration-301524171.html,Crux Deepens its Partnership with Google Cloud by Integrating with Google Cloud Analytics Hub for External Data Integration,Crux supports data mobility through Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration  accelerating external data integration into the platform NEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Crux  the leading provider of external data integration solutions  is pleased to anno…,"Crux supports data mobility through Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration  accelerating external data integration into the platformNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Crux  the leading provider of external data integration solutions  is pleased to announce an expansion of its partnership with Google Cloud. During its Data Cloud Summit on April 6  2022  Google Cloud announced the launch of Analytics Hub . Crux will integrate its data mobility capabilities with Google Cloud Analytics Hub  helping enable advanced data sharing capabilities and access to partner data from industry leaders like Factset  MSCI  Morningstar  BoardEx  Institutional Shareholder Services  Euronext FX  Linkup  and many others.""As external data becomes more critical to organizations across industries  the need for a unified experience between data integration and analytics has never been more important. We are proud to be working with Google Cloud to integrate with Analytics Hub  feeding hundreds of pre-engineered data pipelines for external datasets "" said Dan Lynn  SVP Product at Crux. ""The sharing capabilities that Analytics Hub delivers will significantly enhance the data mobility requirements of practitioners  and the Crux data integration platform stands ready to quickly integrate any external data source and deliver on behalf of customers.""""With seamless and secure access to partner data through Crux's integration with Analytics Hub  customers can more quickly discover  share  and act on data within their existing cloud environment "" said Manvinder Singh  Director  IaaS/PaaS Partnerships  Google Cloud. ""We're excited to continue our partnership with Crux to help organizations utilize their data to identify new opportunities and grow their businesses.""Analytics Hub customers can now use Crux to onboard data faster for trials  routinely operate pipelines from any source  and transform any dataset before loading it into the platform. These capabilities enhance the Analytics Hub experience for users by providing a speedier data integration experience.The demand for data mobility services for both internal and external data is going to continue to expand as the presence of data increases exponentially across all industries. To learn more about Crux's partnership with Google Cloud or how we're simplifying external data  visit cruxinformatics.com or get started with Analytics Hub on Google Cloud here .About CruxCrux is a cloud-based data integration and operations platform that accelerates the value realization between internal and external data. Crux partners with our customers to ensure they get the data they need  how they need it and where they need it. Its team builds data pipelines at scale and operates over 25K pre-engineered pipelines  delivering public and third-party datasets to the destination of choice. Crux pipelines come with embedded data monitoring  validations and transformations  and are supported 24/7 by our global operations team. Crux works with over 50 enterprise clients and is backed by Two Sigma  Goldman Sachs  Morgan Stanley  and Citi  among others.Visit us at cruxinformatics.comMedia Contact[email protected]SOURCE Crux Data",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Google Cloud Analytics Hub', 'External Data Integration', 'Crux', 'Partnership', 'Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration', 'speedier data integration experience', 'external data integration solutions', 'advanced data sharing capabilities', 'Crux data integration platform', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'existing cloud environment', 'cloud-based data integration', 'embedded data monitoring', 'Analytics Hub experience', '25K pre-engineered pipelines', 'data mobility requirements', 'data mobility services', 'Data Cloud Summit', 'data mobility capabilities', 'engineered data pipelines', 'global operations team', 'external data source', 'Analytics Hub customers', 'SOURCE Crux Data', 'unified experience', 'external datasets', 'operations platform', 'partner data', 'NEW YORK', 'leading provider', 'industry leaders', 'Euronext FX', 'Dan Lynn', 'SVP Product', 'Manvinder Singh', 'IaaS/PaaS Partnerships', 'new opportunities', 'value realization', 'third-party datasets', '50 enterprise clients', 'Two Sigma', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Media Contact', 'Crux pipelines', 'many others', 'secure access', 'Crux partners', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'expansion', 'launch', 'Factset', 'MSCI', 'Morningstar', 'BoardEx', 'Linkup', 'organizations', 'industries', 'need', 'hundreds', 'practitioners', 'behalf', 'seamless', 'Director', 'businesses', 'trials', 'users', 'demand', 'internal', 'presence', 'cruxinformatics', 'com', 'scale', 'public', 'destination', 'choice', 'validations', 'transformations', 'Citi']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2759,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cch-tagetik-esg--sustainability-expert-solution-from-wolters-kluwer-helps-organizations-go-beyond-compliance-to-drive-growth-and-combat-risk-301523684.html,CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution from Wolters Kluwer helps organizations go beyond compliance to drive growth and combat risk,Gain control  meet compliance requirements and improve ESG scores while supporting strategic  sustainable growth with comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management NEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer  a global lead…,"Gain control  meet compliance requirements and improve ESG scores while supporting strategic  sustainable growth with comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance ManagementNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announces CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management  further extending its comprehensive regulatory compliance offering. The pre-built expert solution combines Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives and financial performance to enable companies to create powerful ESG reporting and manage compliance requirements while driving their sustainable growth strategies.With the more stringent EU Taxonomy taking effect from January 2023 and mounting stakeholder pressure  the office of finance  as well as compliance and ESG professionals  need complete confidence that their organization is compliant with evolving ESG requirements. CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management accelerates compliance for EU Taxonomy  GRI  SASB  and other standards and frameworks by using pre-built and extendable processes to aggregate and analyze complex data and automatically generate ESG reports for disclosure. Beyond compliance  customers benefit from better  faster decision-making  to drive sustainable growth and combat risk through the unification of ESG data with financial results  integrated plans  and scenario analysis.""Our customers asked  and we delivered. That's why we are proud to offer our CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution to ensure customers can continuously meet compliance with ease  now and in the future "" said Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting. ""Companies gain streamlined regulatory reporting through pre-configured content for quick implementations  and automated and scalable processes that simplify compliance. But that's not all. By embedding ESG data into financial and operational plans  companies are empowered with the insights to see ESG opportunities  identify cost savings and minimize risk.""CCH® Tagetik is a global expert solution that enables digital transformation in the office of the CFO  providing a strategic and intelligent platform for financial close & consolidation  financial & operational planning  and regulatory compliance. With its proven regulatory compliance expertise and the broadest range of regulatory products  addressing different requirements from Solvency II  IFRS  to Lease Accounting and more  CCH® Tagetik helps global enterprises to keep pace with proliferating and increasingly complex regulations.Discover more about the new CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management here.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Contacts:Beatriz SantinCCH® Tagetik+1 339 229 2447 office[email protected]Greta BartoliCCH® Tagetik+39 058396811 office[email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'organizations', 'compliance', 'growth', 'risk', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'comprehensive regulatory compliance offering', 'proven regulatory compliance expertise', 'comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'new CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'sustainable growth strategies', 'powerful ESG reporting', 'Sustainability Performance Management', 'stringent EU Taxonomy', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'evolving ESG requirements', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'global expert solution', 'strategic, sustainable growth', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'regulatory reporting', 'NEW YORK', 'expert solutions', 'regulatory products', 'regulatory sectors', 'ESG scores', 'ESG) initiatives', 'ESG professionals', 'ESG reports', 'ESG data', 'ESG opportunities', 'financial performance', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'different requirements', 'global enterprises', 'compliance requirements', 'Gain control', 'Environmental, Social', 'stakeholder pressure', 'complete confidence', 'other standards', 'extendable processes', 'complex data', 'faster decision-making', 'integrated plans', 'scenario analysis', 'General Manager', 'quick implementations', 'scalable processes', 'operational plans', 'cost savings', 'digital transformation', 'intelligent platform', 'operational planning', 'broadest range', 'Solvency II', 'complex regulations', 'critical decisions', 'advanced technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contacts', 'Beatriz Santin', 'Greta Bartoli', 'professional information', 'financial results', 'financial close', 'Lease Accounting', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'services', 'Governance', 'companies', 'effect', 'January', 'office', 'finance', 'organization', 'GRI', 'SASB', 'frameworks', 'built', 'disclosure', 'customers', 'risk', 'unification', 'future', 'streamlined', 'content', 'automated', 'insights', 'CFO', 'consolidation', 'IFRS', 'pace', 'proliferating', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'SOURCE']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2760,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cch-tagetik-esg--sustainability-expert-solution-from-wolters-kluwer-helps-organizations-go-beyond-compliance-to-drive-growth-and-combat-risk-301524295.html,CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution from Wolters Kluwer helps organizations go beyond compliance to drive growth and combat risk,Gain control  meet compliance requirements and improve ESG scores while supporting strategic  sustainable growth with comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management NEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer  a global lead…,"Gain control  meet compliance requirements and improve ESG scores while supporting strategic  sustainable growth with comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance ManagementNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announces CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management  further extending its comprehensive regulatory compliance offering. The pre-built expert solution combines Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives and financial performance to enable companies to create powerful ESG reporting and manage compliance requirements while driving their sustainable growth strategies.With the more stringent EU Taxonomy taking effect from January 2023 and mounting stakeholder pressure  the office of finance  as well as compliance and ESG professionals  need complete confidence that their organization is compliant with evolving ESG requirements. CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management accelerates compliance for EU Taxonomy  GRI  SASB  and other standards and frameworks by using pre-built and extendable processes to aggregate and analyze complex data and automatically generate ESG reports for disclosure. Beyond compliance  customers benefit from better  faster decision-making  to drive sustainable growth and combat risk through the unification of ESG data with financial results  integrated plans  and scenario analysis.""Our customers asked  and we delivered. That's why we are proud to offer our CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution to ensure customers can continuously meet compliance with ease  now and in the future "" said Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting. ""Companies gain streamlined regulatory reporting through pre-configured content for quick implementations  and automated and scalable processes that simplify compliance. But that's not all. By embedding ESG data into financial and operational plans  companies are empowered with the insights to see ESG opportunities  identify cost savings and minimize risk.""CCH® Tagetik is a global expert solution that enables digital transformation in the office of the CFO  providing a strategic and intelligent platform for financial close & consolidation  financial & operational planning  and regulatory compliance. With its proven regulatory compliance expertise and the broadest range of regulatory products  addressing different requirements from Solvency II  IFRS  to Lease Accounting and more  CCH® Tagetik helps global enterprises to keep pace with proliferating and increasingly complex regulations.Discover more about the new CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management here.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Contacts:Beatriz SantinCCH® Tagetik+1 339 229 2447 office[email protected]Greta BartoliCCH® Tagetik+39 058396811 office[email protected]Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1441883/Wolters_Kluwer_Logo.jpgSOURCE Wolters Kluwer",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'organizations', 'compliance', 'growth', 'risk', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'comprehensive regulatory compliance offering', 'proven regulatory compliance expertise', 'comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'new CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'sustainable growth strategies', 'powerful ESG reporting', 'Sustainability Performance Management', 'stringent EU Taxonomy', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'evolving ESG requirements', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'global expert solution', 'strategic, sustainable growth', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'regulatory reporting', 'NEW YORK', 'expert solutions', 'regulatory products', 'regulatory sectors', 'ESG scores', 'ESG) initiatives', 'ESG professionals', 'ESG reports', 'ESG data', 'ESG opportunities', 'financial performance', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'different requirements', 'global enterprises', 'compliance requirements', 'Gain control', 'Environmental, Social', 'stakeholder pressure', 'complete confidence', 'other standards', 'extendable processes', 'complex data', 'faster decision-making', 'integrated plans', 'scenario analysis', 'General Manager', 'quick implementations', 'scalable processes', 'operational plans', 'cost savings', 'digital transformation', 'intelligent platform', 'operational planning', 'broadest range', 'Solvency II', 'complex regulations', 'critical decisions', 'advanced technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contacts', 'Beatriz Santin', 'Greta Bartoli', 'professional information', 'financial results', 'financial close', 'Lease Accounting', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'services', 'Governance', 'companies', 'effect', 'January', 'office', 'finance', 'organization', 'GRI', 'SASB', 'frameworks', 'built', 'disclosure', 'customers', 'risk', 'unification', 'future', 'streamlined', 'content', 'automated', 'insights', 'CFO', 'consolidation', 'IFRS', 'pace', 'proliferating', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Logo', 'SOURCE']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2761,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ey-announces-extension-of-the-strategic-alliance-with-wolters-kluwer-to-include-the-cch-tagetik-corporate-performance-management-solution-streamlining-extended-finance-transformations-through-unified-digital-solutions-301523101.html,EY announces extension of the strategic alliance with Wolters Kluwer to include the CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management solution  streamlining extended finance transformations through unified digital solutions,Productivity improvements  reduced financial close cycle and increased benefits from automation in CPM cloud tools Simplified processes  clear visibility and built-in compliance for the finance departments Faster completion of everyday processes so teams can …,"Productivity improvements  reduced financial close cycle and increased benefits from automation in CPM cloud toolsSimplified processes  clear visibility and built-in compliance for the finance departmentsFaster completion of everyday processes so teams can focus on their strategic goals through better insightsLONDON  April 11  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EY today announces an extension of the alliance with Wolters Kluwer to include the CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management (CPM) solution and EY Advisory S.p.A (EY Italy)  harnessing the power of data to help create opportunities for businesses to drive performance and provide long-term service. The Alliance has also been activated in Belgium with additional global expansion over time.The requirement for products to support financial and operational planning  as well as financial and management consolidation  is on the rise because there is an increasing demand for finance process automations.Wolters Kluwer  with its award-winning CCH® Tagetik expert solution  is recognized as a market leader  providing corporate finance professionals with comprehensive software solutions that streamline financial close and consolidation  financial and integrated business planning as well as regulatory compliance. EY teams are experienced in financial consolidation  planning and budgeting  data integration  taxation  data management and CPM implementation for multiple sectors. Together  they support organizations looking to accelerate their financial transformation initiatives.The EY-CCH® Tagetik Alliance offers extensive support to large financial transformations  covering a broader set of digitally enabled services on a single platform for finance data and operational planning. The CCH® Tagetik platform intuitive interface  built-in financial intelligence and automated workflows allow teams to complete typical finance processes efficiently. The pre-built solutions addressing major financial regulations also simplify the compliance process.Riccardo Magnani  EY Global CCH® Tagetik Alliance Leader  says:""The extension of the alliance with Wolters Kluwer for its CCH®Tagetik solution offers immense value for clients. This positions EY teams to be at the forefront of implementing a wide range of clients' financial transformation initiatives via the unified CCH® Tagetik platform that incorporates leading-edge financial intelligence and automated workflows.""Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager  Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting  says:""We are focused on enabling the office of the CFO to transform through predictive intelligence solutions that go beyond finance to provide deeper insights. With our comprehensive and extensible CCH® Tagetik platform  we look forward to complementing diverse skillsets and depth of experience of EY teams to benefit our joint customers looking to harmonize financial  strategic and operational goals to drive improved outcomes in their business.""For more information  visit ey.com/alliances.About EYEY exists to build a better working world  helping to create long-term value for clients  people and society and build trust in the capital markets.Enabled by data and technology  diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow  transform and operate.Working across assurance  consulting  law  strategy  tax and transactions  EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.EY refers to the global organization  and may refer to one or more  of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited  each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited  a UK company limited by guarantee  does not provide services to clients. Information about how EY collects and uses personal data and a description of the rights individuals have under data protection legislation are available via ey.com/privacy. EY member firms do not practice law where prohibited by local laws. For more information about our organization  please visit ey.com.This news release has been issued by EYGM Limited  a member of the global EY organization that also does not provide any services to clients.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.comEric MinuskinEY Global Media Relations+1 908 770 9758[email protected]SOURCE EY",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.36,0.21,True,English,"['CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management solution', 'extended finance transformations', 'unified digital solutions', 'strategic alliance', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'EY', 'extension', 'The CCH® Tagetik platform intuitive interface', 'EY Advisory S.p.A', 'award-winning CCH® Tagetik expert solution', 'EY Global CCH® Tagetik Alliance Leader', 'CCH® Tagetik corporate performance management', 'unified CCH® Tagetik platform', 'extensible CCH® Tagetik platform', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'The EY-CCH® Tagetik Alliance', 'CCH®Tagetik solution', ""clients' financial transformation initiatives"", 'additional global expansion', 'corporate finance professionals', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Young Global Limited', 'CPM cloud tools', 'large financial transformations', 'major financial regulations', 'predictive intelligence solutions', 'separate legal entity', 'leading-edge financial intelligence', 'data protection legislation', 'finance process automations', 'financial close cycle', 'typical finance processes', 'global EY organization', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'integrated business planning', 'comprehensive software solutions', 'EY member firms', 'The Alliance', 'diverse EY teams', 'global leader', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'single platform', 'expert solutions', 'CPM) solution', 'market leader', 'global organization', 'data management', 'management consolidation', 'EYGM Limited', 'diverse skillsets', 'Simplified processes', 'finance departments', 'everyday processes', 'EY Italy', 'CPM implementation', 'financial, strategic', 'finance data', 'Productivity improvements', 'clear visibility', 'Faster completion', 'strategic goals', 'long-term service', 'operational planning', 'increasing demand', 'multiple sectors', 'extensive support', 'broader set', 'automated workflows', 'compliance process', 'Riccardo Magnani', 'immense value', 'wide range', 'General Manager', 'operational goals', 'improved outcomes', 'long-term value', 'capital markets', 'new answers', 'complex issues', 'rights individuals', 'local laws', 'news release', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial consolidation', 'data integration', 'personal data', 'regulatory compliance', 'deeper insights', 'working world', 'UK company', 'advanced technology', 'joint customers', 'professional information', 'benefits', 'LONDON', 'April', 'extension', 'power', 'opportunities', 'businesses', 'Belgium', 'time', 'requirement', 'products', 'rise', 'budgeting', 'taxation', 'organizations', 'services', 'forefront', 'Accounting', 'office', 'CFO', 'depth', 'experience', 'alliances', 'people', 'society', 'trust', '150 countries', 'assurance', 'consulting', 'strategy', 'transactions', 'questions', 'Ernst', 'guarantee', 'description', 'privacy', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'governance', 'risk', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', 'Netherlands', 'AEX']",2022-04-11,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2762,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/symbio-faurecia-and-michelin-granted-california-energy-commission-award-for-hydrogen-fuel-cell-truck-development-301523184.html,Symbio  Faurecia and Michelin granted California Energy Commission Award for hydrogen fuel cell truck development,The Symbio H2 Central Valley Express project to demonstrate benefits and reliability of hydrogen mobility for heavy duty transportation SAN DIEGO  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The California Energy Commission (CEC) has selected Symbio  Michelin  Faurecia al…,"The Symbio H2 Central Valley Express project to demonstrate benefits and reliability of hydrogen mobility for heavy duty transportationSAN DIEGO  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The California Energy Commission (CEC) has selected Symbio  Michelin  Faurecia along with GTI and other industry partners  to develop and demonstrate a hydrogen-fueled  regional-haul Class 8 truck  as major contributors to a state-supported hydrogen mobility project.The ""Symbio H2 Central Valley Express"" project  supported with $2 million from the CEC  will develop and demonstrate a hydrogen fuel cell truck that matches the performance of a 15-liter diesel truck providing a zero-emission solution for demanding regional-haul trucking operations. Starting in the second half of 2023  the truck will run for 12 months on a challenging 400-mile route between the Inland Empire and Northern San Joaquin Valley. Located inside California natural gas investor-owned utility territory  it will utilize existing and future hydrogen infrastructure primarily provided by Air Liquide  Shell and Trillium's. This hydrogen truck project strives to support California's goal to achieve economy wide carbon neutrality by 2045.Rob Del Core  General Manager  Symbio North America. ""We are thrilled with this award – a testimonial of Symbio's recognized fuel-cell technology leadership and system integration know-how. We thank CEC for their vote of confidence in this team. This demonstration constitutes a major strategic inroad in the region where Symbio is stepping-up our investments in workforce and engineering integration capabilities in California. Ultimately through this project and the contributions of the whole team  we are determined to address current commercialization barriers and accelerate the adoption of hydrogen-based heavy-duty mobility solutions in the goods movement market.""Alexis Garcin  Chairman and President  Michelin North America. ""We see this grant as a resounding vote of confidence from the California Energy Commission. Being chosen from a pool of strong applicants shows that Symbio is regarded as a tier-one name in hydrogen mobility. Michelin and Faurecia promote hydrogen through this joint venture  as we believe there is a way to develop mobility while protecting the environment. Hydrogen technology is a vital element in the electric vehicle revolution because it not only reduces greenhouse gas emissions  but it's also a faster-charging  longer-range option for electric vehicles. This award is a big step in our commitment to sustainable development and mobility.""Jose-Vicente March  Zero Emission General Manager  Faurecia. ""This special project showcases the strength of a unique ecosystem of partners with innovative technologies of which Faurecia is proud to be a part of  in a region that is leading the future of clean energy. We appreciate the trust given to us by the California Energy Commission to enhance hydrogen technology solutions for heavy duty mobility. It shows great confidence in Faurecia's hydrogen storage systems' expertise and strategic vision for hydrogen mobility as a cornerstone of the energy transition"".Hydrogen is perfectly suited to decarbonize heavy duty mobility  bringing distinctive advantages including more autonomy  higher payload  a shorter refueling time and a reduced total cost of ownership. It is particularly attractive for highly utilized commercial vehicles which need a longer driving range and faster refueling time to maximize uptime.Faurecia  company of the Group FORVIA  will bring its recognized expertise in hydrogen storage systems by providing a complete hydrogen storage system with five 700 bar homologated tanks. At the heart of a growing ecosystem  leveraging commercial and technological partnerships  Faurecia covers 75% of the hydrogen powertrain and offers best-in-class solutions. In addition to the company's manufacturing global footprint  systems integration know-how  and R&D hydrogen center of expertise  Faurecia has a proven record of hydrogen commercial and light commercial vehicles on the road with international OEMs including Stellantis  Hyundai and Hyvia.For their part  Michelin will provide low-rolling resistance tires that combine safety  longevity  environmental protection and increased load capacity. With these technologically advanced tires  adapted for heavy duty transportation  Michelin is supporting the transition to cleaner  more efficient electric mobility solutions that offer greater range. In 20 years  the energy efficiency of our tires has increased by 20%. Michelin also brings nearly 20 years of experience in developing hydrogen fuel-cell technologies.Symbio will design  develop  and integrate a heavy-duty long-haul truck ready fuel cell powertrain powered by Symbio's fuel cell stack technology – StackPack  coupled with Faurecia's hydrogen storage system and Michelin's low resistance tires into a Freightliner Cascadia platform. Symbio  a jointly owned subsidiary of Faurecia and Michelin  is a global hydrogen fuel cell manufacturer boasting more than 30 years of combined experience in hydrogen fuel-cell system development and vehicle integration  and it's proud to have been chosen by Stellantis for its deployment of Hydrogen-powered Light Commercial Vehicles  the first of its kind in the world. Furthermore  the Group is building one of Europe's largest hydrogen fuel-cell plants and a world-class innovation center in Lyon  France that is to become operational in 2023  along with additional projects to expand its footprint in North America and globally.GTI  a leading research and training organization creating solutions that shape energy transitions  will lead the grant administration  provide technical insight and program management as well as perform data collection. Other project partners include Total Transportation Services (TTSI)  the fleet operator that will demonstrate the truck  Frontier Energy for community outreach  and Ricardo Strategic Consulting for demonstration data analysis. Southern California Gas Company (SoCalGas) and Utilization Technology Development (UTD)  a global collaboration of leading natural gas utilities  will provide funding support.About SymbioSymbio  a Michelin/Faurecia joint venture  is a global hydrogen fuel cell technology partner to OEMs  with its unique expertise and focus on setting automotive production standards. The company offers a complete range of fuel cell power products - StackPack  for different transportation needs including light duty commercial vehicles  buses and trucks and various formats of electric vehicles. Symbio is a partner of Stellantis' deployment of Hydrogen-powered Light Commercial Vehicles  a first of its kind in the world. Its ambition is to become a world-wide leader in hydrogen zero-emission mobility  having a global industrial footprint and a production capacity of 200 000 StackPacks per year by 2030  for use by vehicle manufacturers around the world.About MichelinMichelin  the leading mobility company  is dedicated to enhancing its clients' mobility  sustainably; designing and distributing the most suitable tires  services and solutions for its clients' needs; providing digital services  maps and guides to help enrich trips and travels and make them unique experiences; and developing high-technology materials that serve a variety of industries. Headquartered in Clermont-Ferrand  France  Michelin is present in 177 countries  has 124 760 employees and operates 68 tire production facilities which together produced around 173 million tires in 2021. (www.michelin.com)About FaureciaFaurecia  company of the Group FORVIA  is a global automotive technology leader. With 257 industrial sites  39 R&D centers and 111 000 employees in 33 countries  Faurecia operates through four areas of business: seating  interiors  Clarion Electronics and clean mobility. In 2021  the Group reported total turnover of €15.6 billion. Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20 index.www.faurecia.comAbout FORVIAFORVIA  the world's seventh largest automotive technology player  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 300 industrial sites and 77 R&D centers  150 000 people  including more than 35 000 engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow.Composed of 6 business groups with 24 product lines  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMs worldwide. The Group provides solutions for a safe  sustainable  advanced and customized mobility  FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen.www.forvia.comSOURCE Faurecia  company of the Group FORVIA",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['hydrogen fuel cell truck development', 'California Energy Commission Award', 'Symbio', 'Faurecia', 'Michelin', 'heavy-duty long-haul truck ready fuel cell powertrain', 'The Symbio H2 Central Valley Express project', 'California natural gas investor-owned utility territory', 'Symbio H2 Central Valley Express"" project', 'global hydrogen fuel cell manufacturer', 'fuel cell stack technology', 'Northern San Joaquin Valley', 'hydrogen fuel cell truck', 'economy wide carbon neutrality', 'five 700 bar homologated tanks', 'hydrogen-based heavy-duty mobility solutions', 'R&D hydrogen center', 'hydrogen-fueled, regional-haul Class 8 truck', 'Zero Emission General Manager', 'complete hydrogen storage system', 'state-supported hydrogen mobility project', 'The California Energy Commission', 'efficient electric mobility solutions', ""hydrogen storage systems' expertise"", 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'hydrogen truck project', 'manufacturing global footprint', '15-liter diesel truck', 'regional-haul trucking operations', 'system integration know-how', 'systems integration know', 'hydrogen technology solutions', 'heavy duty transportation', 'challenging 400-mile route', 'Rob Del Core', 'fuel-cell technology leadership', 'engineering integration capabilities', 'current commercialization barriers', 'goods movement market', 'electric vehicle revolution', 'shorter refueling time', 'reduced total cost', 'faster refueling time', 'Freightliner Cascadia platform', 'heavy duty mobility', 'longer driving range', 'hydrogen fuel-cell technologies', 'Symbio North America', 'other industry partners', 'major strategic inroad', 'low-rolling resistance tires', 'low resistance tires', 'future hydrogen infrastructure', 'hydrogen powertrain', 'light commercial vehicles', 'Michelin North America', 'class solutions', 'special project', 'electric vehicles', 'SAN DIEGO', 'hydrogen commercial', 'clean energy', 'energy efficiency', 'major contributors', 'innovative technologies', 'strategic vision', 'greater range', 'recognized expertise', 'energy transition', 'zero-emission solution', 'second half', 'Inland Empire', 'Air Liquide', 'Alexis Garcin', 'strong applicants', 'tier-one name', 'joint venture', 'vital element', 'big step', 'sustainable development', 'Jose-Vicente March', 'unique ecosystem', 'distinctive advantages', 'higher payload', 'Group FORVIA', 'growing ecosystem', 'technological partnerships', 'proven record', 'international OEMs', 'environmental protection', 'load capacity', 'cleaner, more', 'resounding vote', 'great confidence', 'benefits', 'reliability', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'CEC', 'Faurecia', 'GTI', 'performance', 'demanding', '12 months', 'existing', 'Shell', 'Trillium', 'goal', 'award', 'testimonial', 'team', 'demonstration', 'investments', 'workforce', 'contributions', 'adoption', 'Chairman', 'President', 'grant', 'pool', 'way', 'commitment', 'strength', 'trust', 'cornerstone', 'autonomy', 'ownership', 'uptime', 'company', 'heart', 'addition', 'Stellantis', 'Hyundai', 'Hyvia', 'safety', 'longevity', '20 years', 'experience', 'StackPack', 'subsidiary', '30 years', 'combined', '2023', '2045']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2763,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.uppermichiganssource.com/prnewswire/2022/04/12/crux-deepens-its-partnership-with-google-cloud-by-integrating-with-google-cloud-analytics-hub-external-data-integration/,Crux Deepens its Partnership with Google Cloud by Integrating with Google Cloud Analytics Hub for External Data Integration,,"Crux supports data mobility through Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration  accelerating external data integration into the platformNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Crux  the leading provider of external data integration solutions  is pleased to announce an expansion of its partnership with Google Cloud. During its Data Cloud Summit on April 6  2022  Google Cloud announced the launch of Analytics Hub . Crux will integrate its data mobility capabilities with Google Cloud Analytics Hub  helping enable advanced data sharing capabilities and access to partner data from industry leaders like Factset  MSCI  Morningstar  BoardEx  Institutional Shareholder Services  Euronext FX  Linkup  and many others.""As external data becomes more critical to organizations across industries  the need for a unified experience between data integration and analytics has never been more important. We are proud to be working with Google Cloud to integrate with Analytics Hub  feeding hundreds of pre-engineered data pipelines for external datasets "" said Dan Lynn  SVP Product at Crux. ""The sharing capabilities that Analytics Hub delivers will significantly enhance the data mobility requirements of practitioners  and the Crux data integration platform stands ready to quickly integrate any external data source and deliver on behalf of customers.""""With seamless and secure access to partner data through Crux's integration with Analytics Hub  customers can more quickly discover  share  and act on data within their existing cloud environment "" said Manvinder Singh  Director  IaaS/PaaS Partnerships  Google Cloud. ""We're excited to continue our partnership with Crux to help organizations utilize their data to identify new opportunities and grow their businesses.""Analytics Hub customers can now use Crux to onboard data faster for trials  routinely operate pipelines from any source  and transform any dataset before loading it into the platform. These capabilities enhance the Analytics Hub experience for users by providing a speedier data integration experience.The demand for data mobility services for both internal and external data is going to continue to expand as the presence of data increases exponentially across all industries. To learn more about Crux's partnership with Google Cloud or how we're simplifying external data  visit cruxinformatics.com or get started with Analytics Hub on Google Cloud here .About CruxCrux is a cloud-based data integration and operations platform that accelerates the value realization between internal and external data. Crux partners with our customers to ensure they get the data they need  how they need it and where they need it. Its team builds data pipelines at scale and operates over 25K pre-engineered pipelines  delivering public and third-party datasets to the destination of choice. Crux pipelines come with embedded data monitoring  validations and transformations  and are supported 24/7 by our global operations team. Crux works with over 50 enterprise clients and is backed by Two Sigma  Goldman Sachs  Morgan Stanley  and Citi  among others.Visit us at cruxinformatics.comMedia Contactcrux@nextpr.comView original content:SOURCE Crux Data",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Google Cloud Analytics Hub', 'External Data Integration', 'Crux', 'Partnership', 'Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration', 'speedier data integration experience', 'external data integration solutions', 'advanced data sharing capabilities', 'Crux data integration platform', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'existing cloud environment', 'cloud-based data integration', 'embedded data monitoring', 'Analytics Hub experience', '25K pre-engineered pipelines', 'data mobility requirements', 'data mobility services', 'Data Cloud Summit', 'data mobility capabilities', 'engineered data pipelines', 'Media Contact crux', 'global operations team', 'external data source', 'Analytics Hub customers', 'SOURCE Crux Data', 'unified experience', 'external datasets', 'operations platform', 'partner data', 'NEW YORK', 'leading provider', 'industry leaders', 'Euronext FX', 'Dan Lynn', 'SVP Product', 'Manvinder Singh', 'IaaS/PaaS Partnerships', 'new opportunities', 'value realization', 'third-party datasets', '50 enterprise clients', 'Two Sigma', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Morgan Stanley', 'original content', 'Crux pipelines', 'Crux partners', 'many others', 'secure access', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'expansion', 'launch', 'Factset', 'MSCI', 'Morningstar', 'BoardEx', 'Linkup', 'organizations', 'industries', 'need', 'hundreds', 'practitioners', 'behalf', 'seamless', 'Director', 'businesses', 'trials', 'users', 'demand', 'internal', 'presence', 'cruxinformatics', 'com', 'scale', 'public', 'destination', 'choice', 'validations', 'transformations', 'Citi']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,uppermichiganssource.com
2764,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.veon.com/media/media-releases/2022/veon-confirms-notification-from-nasdaq-on-minimum-share-price-requirement/,VEON confirms notification from Nasdaq on minimum share price requirement,16 hours ago,"Amsterdam  12 April 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and digital services  today confirms that on 7 April 2022 VEON received notification from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") that VEON is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).The Minimum Bid Price notification has no immediate effect on the continued listing status of VEON’s American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) on Nasdaq. Furthermore  VEON’s business operations are not affected by the receipt of the notification.Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of USD 1.00 per share and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid price of VEON’s ADSs for the 30 consecutive business days ended 6 April 2022  VEON no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement.In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)  VEON has an initial grace period of 180 calendar days  or until 4 October 2022 (the “Compliance Period”)  to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During this time  VEON’s common stock will continue to be listed and traded on Nasdaq. If  at any time during the Compliance Period  the bid price for VEON’s ADSs closes at USD 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days  Nasdaq will provide notification to VEON that it complies with the minimum bid price requirement  unless Nasdaq exercises its discretion to extend this 10 day period requirement pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(F).In the event VEON does not regain compliance within the 180 calendar day Compliance Period and it complies with all other listing standards and requirements  VEON may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day Compliance Period.VEON intends to monitor the closing bid price of its ADSs and may  if appropriate  consider available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. There can be no assurance that VEON will regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement during the Compliance Period  secure a second period of 180 days to regain compliance or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements.VEON is also listed on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange and the Minimum Bid Price notification from Nasdaq does not affect VEON's compliance status with its Euronext Amsterdam listing.",neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['minimum share price requirement', 'VEON', 'notification', 'Nasdaq', 'The Minimum Bid Price notification', 'additional 180 calendar day Compliance Period', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'other Nasdaq listing requirements', '10 day period requirement', 'closing bid price', 'other listing standards', 'leading global provider', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'American Depositary Shares', 'initial grace period', 'continued listing status', 'Euronext Amsterdam listing', '30 consecutive business days', '10 consecutive business days', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', '180 calendar days', 'common stock', 'business operations', 'second period', 'compliance status', 'digital services', 'immediate effect', 'listed securities', 'available options', 'VEON Ltd', '180 days', '12 April', 'connectivity', '7 April', 'ADSs', 'receipt', 'USD', 'failure', 'deficiency', 'accordance', '4 October', 'time', 'discretion', 'event', 'assurance']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,veon.com
2765,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/news/businesswire/motork-stellantis-you-sales-and-services-and-fidcar-form-after-sales-predictive-marketing-partnership/,MotorK: Stellantis &You  Sales and Services and FIDCAR Form After-Sales Predictive Marketing Partnership,14 hours ago,Key milestone in the unfolding of Stellantis &You  Sales and Services’ strategic planInnovative  European-wide  commercial agreement in the domain of after-sales predictive marketingSignificant lever to develop customer satisfaction and after-sales revenueAMSTERDAM & LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Regulatory News:FIDCAR  a start-up belonging to the group MotorK (AEX:MTRK)  leader of SaaS1 solutions of Automotive distribution in the EMEA region (listed at Amsterdam Euronext) and Stellantis &You  Sales and Services announce the conclusion of a commercial agreement in the domain of predictive marketing after-sales  putting artificial intelligence at the service of tailor-made customer relationship.After-sales predictive marketing is a tool designed to offer the customer individually packaged offers  in a targeted way  at the right time  corresponding to the state of his vehicle and to his actual maintenance needs.Artificial intelligence (AI) & Co-developmentIn practice  the after-sales predictive marketing solution is based upon two technological bricks:The FIDCAR Predict solution  an artificial intelligence platform that allows to forecast and offer after-sales offers that are perfectly adapted to the needs of customers in real time.The mobile application “FIDCAR Check”  co-developed with Stellantis &You  Sales and Services. The latter makes it possible to greatly enrich the database that nurtures in data the FIDCAR Predict platform  and consequently to improve the relevance and quality of its results.Positive on-site return of experience & global deploymentTo develop and test this predictive after-sales marketing tool in a customer and user-centred approach  a testing and co-development phase was conducted for nearly a year within the Stellantis &You Villeneuve-d’Asc dealership (agglomeration of Lille).In view of the metrics resulting from this test phase in terms of customer satisfaction and ROI  Stellantis &You  Sales and Services and FIDCAR decided to transform this “proof of concept” (POC) into a global agreement. The after-sales Predictive marketing set-up resulting from this experiment will be deployed within all the European dealerships of Stellantis &You  Sales and Services by the end of 2022.“Stellantis & You  Sales and Services has been firmly committed since its creation  to the digital transformation of its activities  to buttress its efficiency and promoting the growth of its business  said Anne Abboud  Senior Vice President Stellantis &You  Sales and Services. “The test and learn implementation approach with FIDCAR allow us today to spread personalized after-sales predictive marketing tools  very promising in terms of conversion and loyalty  to the benefit of the satisfaction of the customers of our dealerships.“We are proud to enter into this key partnership with Stellantis &You  Sales and Services”  said Marco Marlia  Co-founder & CEO of MotorK. “This validates the acquisition strategy of the group that sees FIDCAR’s predictive technology integrate the SaaS MotorK platform to better serve the automotive distribution.”About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com/enAbout MotorKMotorK (AMS: MTRK) is a leading software as a service (“SaaS”) provider for the automotive retail industry in the EMEA region  with over 400 employees and ten offices in seven countries (Italy  Spain  France  Germany  Portugal  the UK and Israel). MotorK empowers car manufacturers and dealers to improve their customer experience through a broad suite of fully integrated digital products and services. MotorK provides its customers with an innovative combination of digital solutions  SaaS cloud products and the largest R&D department in the automotive digital sales and marketing industry in Europe. MotorK was founded in Italy in 2010 and has been recognised by multiple organisations as one of the fastest growing tech companies in Europe – including Euronext TechShare  Tech Tour 50  Technology Fast 500 EMEA and the FT 1000. For more information  please visit: www.motork.io.Twitter @Stellantis Facebook Stellantis LinkedIn Stellantis YouTube Stellantis1Software as a ServiceContactsMarc Bocqué – marc.bocque@stellantis.com +33 6 80 21 87 03communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comMotorK presspress@motork.io,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Sales Predictive Marketing Partnership', 'FIDCAR Form', 'MotorK', 'Stellantis', 'Services', 'Stellantis Facebook Stellantis LinkedIn Stellantis YouTube Stellantis', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'largest R&D department', 'fastest growing tech companies', 'The FIDCAR Predict solution', 'Innovative, European-wide, commercial agreement', 'sales predictive marketing solution', 'sales Predictive marketing set-up', 'sales predictive marketing tools', 'two technological bricks', 'Senior Vice President', 'SaaS cloud products', 'FIDCAR Predict platform', 'integrated digital products', 'actual maintenance needs', 'automotive retail industry', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Technology Fast 500 EMEA', 'tailor-made customer relationship', 'artificial intelligence platform', 'SaaS MotorK platform', 'Services’ strategic plan', 'automotive digital sales', 'sales marketing tool', 'Tech Tour', 'marketing industry', 'innovative products', 'predictive technology', 'mobility provider', 'global agreement', 'innovative combination', 'Automotive distribution', 'digital transformation', 'Citroën', 'digital solutions', 'EMEA region', 'Key milestone', 'Significant lever', 'Regulatory News', 'SaaS1 solutions', 'right time', 'real time', 'mobile application', 'site return', 'global deployment', 'user-centred approach', 'Asc dealership', 'Anne Abboud', 'implementation approach', 'key partnership', 'Marco Marlia', 'acquisition strategy', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'leading software', 'ten offices', 'seven countries', 'car manufacturers', 'broad suite', 'multiple organisations', 'Euronext TechShare', 'FIDCAR Check', 'sales revenue', 'customer satisfaction', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'AEX:MTRK', 'Amsterdam Euronext', 'targeted way', 'development phase', 'test phase', 'European dealerships', 'Marc Bocqué', 'motork.io', 'MotorK press', 'sales offers', 'You Villeneuve', 'customer experience', 'unfolding', 'domain', 'LONDON', 'start-up', 'group', 'leader', 'conclusion', 'state', 'vehicle', 'practice', 'customers', 'database', 'relevance', 'quality', 'results', 'Positive', 'testing', 'year', 'agglomeration', 'Lille', 'view', 'metrics', 'terms', 'ROI', 'proof', 'concept', 'experiment', 'end', 'creation', 'activities', 'efficiency', 'growth', 'personalized', 'conversion', 'loyalty', 'benefit', 'CEO', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', '400 employees', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Portugal', 'UK', 'Israel', 'FT 1000', 'Twitter', '1Software', 'Contacts', 'bocque']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,dutchnews.nl
2766,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-q1-2022-strong-demand-and-20-revenue-growth-301524070.html,Ekinops Q1 2022: strong demand and +20% revenue growth,4 hours ago,SixSq has been consolidated since November 1  2021.Robust growth of almost +20% in Q1 2022Ekinops reported Q1 2022 consolidated revenue of €27.8m  up by a very substantial +20% vs. Q1 2021 (+19% at constant scope).At constant scope and exchange rates  revenue is up +16%  in line with the 2022 annual target for organic growth at least equal to that of 2021 (+12%).All business lines show growth  with software and services up +64%All the Group's businesses contributed to this solid quarterly performance. To be noted in particular the buoyancy of the Optical Transport activity which  in line with 2021  shows a strong increase over Q1 2022  thanks to the success of the 200 Gb/s and 400 Gb/s WDM systems.Profiting from the strength of its Services activity  its SDN (Software Defined Networks) solutions  the network function virtualization solutions  and the contribution of SixSq's activities  revenue generated by software and services rose by +64% over the quarter.The share of software and services continued to increase  and now accounts for 17% of the Group's quarterly revenue  versus 12% one year prior  and 14% for full year 2021.Solid momentum of international sales: growth of +54% in North AmericaThe quarter was marked by dynamic international growth of +34%. The share of international activity accounted for 67% of revenue in Q1 2022  an increase over Q1 2021 (60%) and stable vs. FY 2021.In North America  which totals 18% of Group's sales  Ekinops achieved vigorous quarterly growth of +54% in Q1 2022 (+42% in US dollars). This performance is the result of an extremely solid increase in the activity of both Optical Transport and Access solutions.EMEA (Europe - excl. France - Middle East & Africa) region  which represents 42% of the Group's activity  achieved growth of +21% for the quarter  underpinned largely by Optical Transport solutions  particularly in Germany.After two years of severely impacted business environment by the pandemic  Asia-Pacific got back to a more sustained level of activity in H2 2021. Q1 2022 demonstrates the continuation of this trajectory with a substantial increase of +113% in quarterly sales. This rebound comes as a result of upbeat sales of Access products in the region. The arrival of an Australian operator  who chose Ekinops' Access solutions  into the Group's top 10 clients list illustrates the renewed vitality of this region.Lastly  on its domestic market  the Group's activity remained virtually stable (-2%) in Q1 2022. It should be noted that Q1 2021 was marked by very sustained growth of +31% in France (activity stable over FY 2021).2022 financial objectives confirmedAfter an upbeat 2021  Ekinops has made an excellent start to 2022 with very robust demand. Nevertheless  the Group remains vigilant regarding the component crisis which should remain to the fore in the coming quarters.The Group confirms its 2022 annual financial objectives:robust organic growth   at least equal to 2021 growth (+12%) and pushing towards +15%;  at least equal to 2021 growth (+12%) and pushing towards +15%; gross margin of between 52% and 56%   in line with its long-term ambitions and factoring in the potential impact of the supply chain crisis on electronic components  which is still very much ongoing;  in line with its long-term ambitions and factoring in the potential impact of the supply chain crisis on electronic components  which is still very much ongoing; EBITDA margin between 14% and 18%  integrating human and technological investments to execute the new growth plan.Meanwhile  the Group is continuing to explore all acquisition opportunities that could create value for the company.All press releases are published after Euronext Paris market close.All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEO[email protected]InvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]SOURCE Ekinops,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.03,mixed,0.43,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Ekinops Q1', 'strong demand', '+20% revenue growth', 'network function virtualization solutions', 'Software Defined Networks) solutions', 'top 10 clients list', 'Didier Brédy', 'supply chain crisis', 'Optical Transport solutions', '400 Gb/s WDM systems', 'new growth plan', '2022 annual financial objectives', 'Euronext Paris market', 'vigorous quarterly growth', 'dynamic international growth', ""Ekinops' Access solutions"", 'solid quarterly performance', 'Optical Transport activity', 'robust organic growth', '2022 financial objectives', 'component crisis', '2022 annual target', 'domestic market', 'Solid momentum', 'Access products', 'robust demand', 'Robust growth', 'quarterly sales', 'international sales', 'solid increase', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'business lines', 'full year', 'North America', 'US dollars', 'Middle East', 'two years', 'business environment', 'sustained level', 'Australian operator', 'excellent start', 'coming quarters', 'gross margin', 'long-term ambitions', 'potential impact', 'electronic components', 'EBITDA margin', 'technological investments', 'acquisition opportunities', 'press releases', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'sustained growth', 'international activity', 'strong increase', 'substantial increase', 'quarterly revenue', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'upbeat sales', 'The Group', 'Services activity', '200 Gb/s', '2021 growth', 'SixSq', 'November', 'Q1', 'consolidated', 'businesses', 'buoyancy', 'success', 'strength', 'SDN', 'contribution', 'activities', 'share', 'FY', 'result', 'EMEA', 'Europe', 'France', 'Africa', 'region', 'Germany', 'pandemic', 'Asia-Pacific', 'H2', 'continuation', 'trajectory', 'rebound', 'arrival', 'vitality', 'fore', 'human', 'value', 'company', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', '33', '1 53']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2767,EuroNext,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-sales-services-fidcar-form-061300337.html,Stellantis &You  Sales and Services and FIDCAR Form After-sales Predictive Marketing Partnership,14 hours ago,"STELLANTIS N.VStellantis &You  Sales and Services and FIDCAR FormAfter-sales Predictive Marketing PartnershipK ey milestone in the unfolding of Stellantis &You  Sales and Services’ strategic planI nnovative   European - wide   commercial agreement in the domain of a fter- s ales predictive marketingSignificant lever to develop customer satisfaction and after-sales revenueAMSTERDAM-LONDON  April 12  2022 - FIDCAR  a start-up belonging to the group MotorK  leader of SaaS1 solutions of Automotive distribution in the EMEA region (listed at Amsterdam Euronext) and Stellantis &You  Sales and Services announce the conclusion of a commercial agreement in the domain of predictive marketing after-sales  putting artificial intelligence at the service of tailor-made customer relationship.After-sales predictive marketing is a tool designed to offer the customer individually packaged offers  in a targeted way  at the right time  corresponding to the state of his vehicle and to his actual maintenance needs.Artificial intelligence (AI) & Co-developmentIn practice  the after-sales predictive marketing solution is based upon two technological bricks:- The FIDCAR Predict solution  an artificial intelligence platform that allows to forecast and offer after-sales offers that are perfectly adapted to the needs of customers in real time.- The mobile application ""FIDCAR Check""  co-developed with Stellantis &You  Sales and Services. The latter makes it possible to greatly enrich the database that nurtures in data the FIDCAR Predict platform  and consequently to improve the relevance and quality of its results.Positive on-site return of experience & global deploymentTo develop and test this predictive after-sales marketing tool in a customer and user-centred approach  a testing and co-development phase was conducted for nearly a year within the Stellantis &You Villeneuve-d’Asc dealership (agglomeration of Lille).In view of the metrics resulting from this test phase in terms of customer satisfaction and ROI  Stellantis &You  Sales and Services and FIDCAR decided to transform this “proof of concept” (POC) into a global agreement. The after-sales Predictive marketing set-up resulting from this experiment will be deployed within all the European dealerships of Stellantis &You  Sales and Services by the end of 2022.Story continues""Stellantis & You  Sales and Services has been firmly committed since its creation  to the digital transformation of its activities  to buttress its efficiency and promoting the growth of its business  said Anne Abboud  Senior Vice President Stellantis &You  Sales and Services. “The test and learn implementation approach with FIDCAR allow us today to spread personalized after-sales predictive marketing tools  very promising in terms of conversion and loyalty  to the benefit of the satisfaction of the customers of our dealerships.""We are proud to enter into this key partnership with Stellantis &You  Sales and Services ” said Marco Marlia  Co-founder & CEO of MotorK. “This validates the acquisition strategy of the group that sees FIDCAR's predictive technology integrate the SaaS MotorK platform to better serve the automotive distribution.""# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com/enAbout MotorKMotorK (AMS: MTRK) is a leading software as a service (“SaaS”) provider for the automotive retail industry in the EMEA region  with over 400 employees and ten offices in seven countries (Italy  Spain  France  Germany  Portugal  the UK and Israel). MotorK empowers car manufacturers and dealers to improve their customer experience through a broad suite of fully integrated digital products and services. MotorK provides its customers with an innovative combination of digital solutions  SaaS cloud products and the largest R&D department in the automotive digital sales and marketing industry in Europe. MotorK was founded in Italy in 2010 and has been recognised by multiple organisations as one of the fastest growing tech companies in Europe – including Euronext TechShare  Tech Tour 50  Technology Fast 500 EMEA and the FT 1000. For more information  please visit: www.motork.io.For more information  contact:Marc Bocqué +33 6 80 21 87 03 - marc.bocque@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comMotorK press contacts -press@motork.io1 S oftware a s a S erviceAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.8,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Predictive Marketing Partnership', 'FIDCAR Form', 'Stellantis', 'Sales', 'Services', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'largest R&D department', 'The FIDCAR Predict solution', 'sales predictive marketing solution', 'sales Predictive marketing set-up', 'sales predictive marketing tools', 'sales Predictive Marketing Partnership', 'growing tech companies', 'K ey milestone', 'two technological bricks', 'Senior Vice President', 'SaaS cloud products', 'FIDCAR Predict platform', 'integrated digital products', 'actual maintenance needs', 'automotive retail industry', 'S ervice Attachment', 'Technology Fast 500 EMEA', 'made customer relationship', 'artificial intelligence platform', 'SaaS MotorK platform', 'MotorK press contacts', 'Services’ strategic plan', 'sales marketing tool', 'automotive digital sales', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'marketing industry', 'predictive technology', 'Tech Tour', 'key partnership', 'mobility provider', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'Automotive distribution', 'digital transformation', 'digital solutions', 'EMEA region', 'commercial agreement', 'Significant lever', 'SaaS1 solutions', 'Amsterdam Euronext', 'right time', 'real time', 'mobile application', 'site return', 'global deployment', 'user-centred approach', 'Asc dealership', 'global agreement', 'Anne Abboud', 'implementation approach', 'Marco Marlia', 'acquisition strategy', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'leading software', 'ten offices', 'seven countries', 'car manufacturers', 'broad suite', 'innovative combination', 'multiple organisations', 'Euronext TechShare', 'sales revenue', 'FIDCAR Form', 'FIDCAR Check', 'motork.io', 'customer satisfaction', 'targeted way', 'development phase', 'You Villeneuve', 'test phase', 'European dealerships', 'Marc Bocqué', 'sales offers', 'customer experience', 'group MotorK', 'unfolding', 'wide', 'domain', 'AMSTERDAM-LONDON', 'April', 'start-up', 'leader', 'conclusion', 'tailor', 'state', 'vehicle', 'practice', 'customers', 'database', 'relevance', 'quality', 'results', 'Positive', 'testing', 'year', 'agglomeration', 'Lille', 'view', 'metrics', 'terms', 'ROI', 'proof', 'concept', 'POC', 'experiment', 'end', 'Story', 'creation', 'activities', 'efficiency', 'growth', 'business', 'personalized', 'conversion', 'loyalty', 'benefit', 'CEO', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'MTRK', '400 employees', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Portugal', 'UK', 'Israel', 'fastest', 'FT 1000', 'bocque']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2768,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/crux-deepens-its-partnership-with-google-cloud-by-integrating-with-google-cloud-analytics-hub-for-external-data-integration-301524171.html,Crux Deepens Its Partnership with Google Cloud by Integrating with Google Cloud Analytics Hub for External Data Integration,2 hours ago,"Crux supports data mobility through Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration  accelerating external data integration into the platformNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Crux  the leading provider of external data integration solutions  is pleased to announce an expansion of its partnership with Google Cloud. During its Data Cloud Summit on April 6  2022  Google Cloud announced the launch of Analytics Hub . Crux will integrate its data mobility capabilities with Google Cloud Analytics Hub  helping enable advanced data sharing capabilities and access to partner data from industry leaders like Factset  MSCI  Morningstar  BoardEx  Institutional Shareholder Services  Euronext FX  Linkup  and many others.""As external data becomes more critical to organizations across industries  the need for a unified experience between data integration and analytics has never been more important. We are proud to be working with Google Cloud to integrate with Analytics Hub  feeding hundreds of pre-engineered data pipelines for external datasets "" said Dan Lynn  SVP Product at Crux. ""The sharing capabilities that Analytics Hub delivers will significantly enhance the data mobility requirements of practitioners  and the Crux data integration platform stands ready to quickly integrate any external data source and deliver on behalf of customers.""""With seamless and secure access to partner data through Crux's integration with Analytics Hub  customers can more quickly discover  share  and act on data within their existing cloud environment "" said Manvinder Singh  Director  IaaS/PaaS Partnerships  Google Cloud. ""We're excited to continue our partnership with Crux to help organizations utilize their data to identify new opportunities and grow their businesses.""Analytics Hub customers can now use Crux to onboard data faster for trials  routinely operate pipelines from any source  and transform any dataset before loading it into the platform. These capabilities enhance the Analytics Hub experience for users by providing a speedier data integration experience.The demand for data mobility services for both internal and external data is going to continue to expand as the presence of data increases exponentially across all industries. To learn more about Crux's partnership with Google Cloud or how we're simplifying external data  visit cruxinformatics.com or get started with Analytics Hub on Google Cloud here .About CruxCrux is a cloud-based data integration and operations platform that accelerates the value realization between internal and external data. Crux partners with our customers to ensure they get the data they need  how they need it and where they need it. Its team builds data pipelines at scale and operates over 25K pre-engineered pipelines  delivering public and third-party datasets to the destination of choice. Crux pipelines come with embedded data monitoring  validations and transformations  and are supported 24/7 by our global operations team. Crux works with over 50 enterprise clients and is backed by Two Sigma  Goldman Sachs  Morgan Stanley  and Citi  among others.Visit us at cruxinformatics.comMedia Contact[email protected]SOURCE Crux Data",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Google Cloud Analytics Hub', 'External Data Integration', 'Crux', 'Partnership', 'Google Cloud Analytics Hub integration', 'speedier data integration experience', 'external data integration solutions', 'advanced data sharing capabilities', 'Crux data integration platform', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'existing cloud environment', 'cloud-based data integration', 'embedded data monitoring', 'Analytics Hub experience', '25K pre-engineered pipelines', 'data mobility requirements', 'data mobility services', 'Data Cloud Summit', 'data mobility capabilities', 'engineered data pipelines', 'global operations team', 'external data source', 'Analytics Hub customers', 'SOURCE Crux Data', 'unified experience', 'external datasets', 'operations platform', 'partner data', 'NEW YORK', 'leading provider', 'industry leaders', 'Euronext FX', 'Dan Lynn', 'SVP Product', 'Manvinder Singh', 'IaaS/PaaS Partnerships', 'new opportunities', 'value realization', 'third-party datasets', '50 enterprise clients', 'Two Sigma', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Media Contact', 'Crux pipelines', 'many others', 'secure access', 'Crux partners', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'expansion', 'launch', 'Factset', 'MSCI', 'Morningstar', 'BoardEx', 'Linkup', 'organizations', 'industries', 'need', 'hundreds', 'practitioners', 'behalf', 'seamless', 'Director', 'businesses', 'trials', 'users', 'demand', 'internal', 'presence', 'cruxinformatics', 'com', 'scale', 'public', 'destination', 'choice', 'validations', 'transformations', 'Citi']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,prnewswire.com
2769,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.etfstrategy.com/amundi-switches-e1-2bn-cac-40-etf-to-esg-index-10339/,Amundi switches €1.2bn CAC 40 ETF to ESG index,13 hours ago,ETF STRATEGY NEWS! ETF Strategy is delighted to announce the launch of ETF Strategy Hub (hub.etfstrategy.com)  an on-demand repository of webcasts  videos  podcasts and white papers. Debuting with Special Series on Technology & Innovation in China and the Digital Economy.Amundi has switched its blockbuster French equity ETF – the €1.2 billion Amundi CAC 40 UCITS ETF – to a new index incorporating environmental  social  and governance (ESG) criteria.Amundi first announced its intention to introduce a socially responsible CAC 40 ETF in August 2021  stating that the fund would launch “within weeks”.The delay  coupled with the decision to repurpose its existing CAC 40 ETF rather than create a new fund  reflects Amundi’s recent acquisition of the €3.3bn Lyxor CAC 40 UCITS ETF (CAC FP) through its purchase of fellow French ETF issuer Lyxor.The move mirrors similar action taken by Amundi lately when the issuer repurposed its €170 million Amundi Stoxx Europe 600 UCITS ETF to an ESG-tailored index following the procurement of a €4.5bn Lyxor ETF linked to the headline Stoxx Europe 600.MethodologyThe Amundi CAC 40 UCITS ETF has switched from tracking the CAC 40 Index and is now linked to the CAC 40 ESG Index. To reflect the index change  the fund has been renamed the Amundi CAC 40 ESG UCITS ETF.The outgoing CAC 40 represents the performance of 40 of the most significant stocks among the 100 largest firms listed on Euronext Paris.The incoming CAC 40 ESG Index is different in that it screens the parent CAC Large 60 Index  a reference for the 60 largest companies listed on Euronext Paris  to identify the 40 firms with the best ESG practices.The ESG methodology is powered by V.E (Vigeo Eiris)  part of Moody’s ESG Solutions.Violators of UN Global Compact principles as well as companies with operations linked to tobacco  coal  tar sands  oil shale  civilian firearms  and controversial weapons are not eligible for inclusion.V.E then assigns an ESG rating to each remaining firm in the CAC Large 60 universe. The rating incorporates 38 metrics across six ESG categories: environment  human rights  human resources  community involvement  business behaviour  and corporate governance. A firm’s performance across all 38 metrics is combined to produce an overall score between 0 and 100.The 40 constituents with the highest ESG ratings are initially selected as prospective constituents of the index. This index is then evaluated to determine whether there has been an improvement in the weighted average carbon intensity and green-to-brown ratio (a measure of company revenue derived from ‘green’ products and services) compared to the parent universe. If either measure has deteriorated  the index will iteratively replace those securities with the lowest ESG scores with the next-eligible highest-ESG-scoring securities until both index measures have improved.The final constituents are then weighted by float-adjusted market capitalization subject to an individual cap of 10%. Reconstitution and rebalancing occur on a quarterly basis with buffer rules helping to limit unnecessary turnover.As of the end of 2021  the index’s largest sector exposure was clothing & accessories at 17%  followed by pharmaceuticals  banks  electrical components  aerospace  and cosmetics  each accounting for a weight between 7% and 10%. Notable positions included LVMH (9.9%)  L’Oréal (7.7%)  Sanofi (7.4%)  Schneider Electric (7.2%)  Air Liquide (5.3%)  and BNP Paribas (5.0%).The ETF maintains its expense ratio of 0.25% and is now classified as an Article 8 product under the European Union’s Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).The fund is listed in euros on Euronext Paris (C40 FP)  Deutsche Börse (GC40 GY)  Borsa Italiana (C40 IM)  and SIX Swiss Exchange (C40 SW).BNP Paribas also offers an ETF linked to the CAC 40 ESG Index. The BNP Paribas Easy CAC 40 ESG UCITS ETF (E40 FP) houses €180m in assets and also comes with an expense ratio of 0.25%.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['CAC 40 ETF', 'ESG index', 'Amundi', 'The BNP Paribas Easy CAC 40 ESG UCITS ETF', '€3.3bn Lyxor CAC 40 UCITS ETF', 'The Amundi CAC 40 UCITS ETF', 'Amundi CAC 40 ESG UCITS ETF', 'Amundi Stoxx Europe 600 UCITS ETF', 'UN Global Compact principles', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'blockbuster French equity ETF', 'fellow French ETF issuer', 'incoming CAC 40 ESG Index', 'parent CAC Large 60 Index', 'responsible CAC 40 ETF', 'existing CAC 40 ETF', 'The ESG methodology', '€4.5bn Lyxor ETF', 'CAC Large 60 universe', 'ETF STRATEGY NEWS', 'ETF Strategy Hub', 'best ESG practices', 'six ESG categories', 'highest ESG ratings', 'lowest ESG scores', 'average carbon intensity', 'float-adjusted market capitalization', 'L’Oréal', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'largest sector exposure', 'The ETF', 'eligible highest-ESG-scoring securities', 'CAC 40 Index', 'CAC FP', 'outgoing CAC', 'parent universe', 'ESG) criteria', 'ESG Solutions', 'new index', 'ESG-tailored index', 'index change', 'index measures', 'white papers', 'Special Series', 'Digital Economy', 'recent acquisition', 'similar action', 'significant stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'V.E', 'Vigeo Eiris', 'tar sands', 'oil shale', 'civilian firearms', 'controversial weapons', 'human rights', 'human resources', 'community involvement', 'business behaviour', 'overall score', 'brown ratio', 'company revenue', 'green’ products', 'individual cap', 'quarterly basis', 'buffer rules', 'unnecessary turnover', 'electrical components', 'Notable positions', 'Schneider Electric', 'Air Liquide', 'expense ratio', 'Article 8 product', 'European Union', 'C40 FP', 'GC40 GY', 'Borsa Italiana', 'C40 IM', 'C40 SW', 'E40 FP', '100 largest firms', '60 largest companies', 'prospective constituents', 'final constituents', 'remaining firm', 'corporate governance', 'new fund', '40 constituents', '40 firms', 'launch', 'etfstrategy', 'demand', 'repository', 'webcasts', 'videos', 'podcasts', 'Technology', 'Innovation', 'China', '€1.2 billion', 'intention', 'August', 'weeks', 'delay', 'decision', 'purchase', 'move', '170 million', 'procurement', 'headline', 'performance', 'reference', 'part', 'Moody', 'Violators', 'operations', 'tobacco', 'coal', 'inclusion', '38 metrics', 'environment', 'improvement', 'services', 'Reconstitution', 'rebalancing', 'end', 'clothing', 'accessories', 'pharmaceuticals', 'banks', 'aerospace', 'cosmetics', 'weight', 'LVMH', 'Sanofi', 'SFDR', 'euros', 'assets']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,etfstrategy.com
2770,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lse.co.uk/rns/KMR/publication-of-2021-annual-report-g9rlptob49m1ukp.html?page=2,Kenmare Resources Regulatory News,The 2021 Annual Report (in ESEF-compliant and PDF formats) is available for inspection on the Company's website at www.kenmareresources.com/investors/reports-and-presentations The 2021 Annual Report has also been submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK ...,The 2021 Annual Report (in ESEF-compliant and PDF formats) is available for inspection on the Company's website at www.kenmareresources.com/investors/reports-and-presentations The 2021 Annual Report has also been submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK ...,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Kenmare Resources Regulatory News', 'The 2021 Annual Report', 'PDF formats', 'Euronext Dublin', 'ESEF-compliant', 'inspection', 'Company', 'website', 'kenmareresources', 'investors', 'reports', 'presentations', 'UK']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,lse.co.uk
2771,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/979586/trust-stamp-posts-record-revenue-for-full-year-2021-with-momentum-continuing-into-2022-979586.html,Trust Stamp posts record revenue for full-year 2021 with momentum continuing into 2022,Meanwhile  Trust Stamp (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID)’s net sales soared 69.7% year-over-year to $2.1 million in the 4Q of 2021  compared to the same period a year earlier. Gross profit jumped 124% year-over-year to $2.5 million  while the gross profit ...,In the 12 months ended December 31  2021  the Atlanta-based privacy-first identity company providing AI-powered trust and identity services  saw net sales of $3.7 million  up 38.9% from $2.6 million in full-year 2020Trust Stamp’s net sales soared 69.7% year-over-year to $2.1 million in the 4Q of 2021  compared to the same period a year earlierTrust Stamp (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID) Inc posted record revenue for the fourth quarter and full-year 2021 driven by new customers and expanded agreements with existing customers.In the 12 months ended December 31  2021  the Atlanta-based privacy-first identity company providing AI-powered trust and identity services  saw net sales of $3.7 million  up 38.9% from $2.6 million in full-year 2020.The technology company pointed out that it acquired new customers  doubling the number of non-affiliated clients generating significant revenue to six customers. As a result  the firm’s flagship customers comprised a smaller proportion of revenue compared to prior years despite their own increased engagements with the company.READ: Trust Stamp partners with VIVA Finance to transform inclusive financeMeanwhile  Trust Stamp (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID)’s net sales soared 69.7% year-over-year to $2.1 million in the 4Q of 2021  compared to the same period a year earlier.Gross profit jumped 124% year-over-year to $2.5 million  while the gross profit margin for the FY 2021 was 68.7%  compared to 42.59% for FY 2020.Significantly  net loss decreased by 15.22% year-over-year  allowing Trust Stamp (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID) to improve its diluted net loss per share to $0.46 in 2021 from $0.90 in 2020.In addition  the company said it closed $9.8 million in financing from offerings initiated in 2021.In a statement accompanying the numbers  Trust Stamp (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID) CEO Gareth Genner said: “I am pleased to report strong financial performance in 2021  with notable growth in the 4Q reflecting the momentum which has continued into another record period in Q1 of 2022.”He added: “Our go-to-market traction  successful financing activities  and investment in intellectual property and scalable infrastructure position us to drive consistent growth and meaningful value for shareholders throughout 2022 and beyond.”Genner noted that Trust Stamp’s investment into building out its internal capabilities and developing its IP portfolio to address evolving needs for “privacy  security  and accessibility in digital operations” resulted in key strategic achievements in 2021.“This included entry into the GovTech space with a contract from the United States federal government  growth in our client and prospect base  and expanded commercial relationships with both new and flagship customers ” added Genner.Trust Stamp highlighted the following achievements:Initial government contract award of $3.92 million with the US Department of Homeland Security in September 2021  subsequently increased to $7.17 million in March 2022;Intellectual property portfolio growth with three new issued patents and 11 new pending patents produced in Full Year 2021;Wholly-owned subsidiaries established  with Trust Stamp Rwanda Limited focused on R&D  and Metapresence Limited focused on crypto-asset services.“We established a subsidiary in Rwanda  which today represents our second largest R&D hub  and a key base as we continue to develop important governmental and commercial relationships in the region ” said Genner.Not surprisingly  Trust Stamp’s headcount has grown to 94 full-time team members from 57 members.In the meantime  the company’s total assets also expanded to $8.7 million at the end of 2021  a 80% increase from $3.9 million at end of 2020.Rosy outlook for first half of 2022“We expect significant year-on-year revenue growth for the first two quarters of 2022 ” said the company. The growth is expected to come from pre-contracted monthly payments from current clients along with revenue growth from new clients in a maturing sales pipeline.At the end of December 31  2021  Trust Stamp’s commercial pipeline included 55 potential revenue contracts and projects.Trust Stamp said it has made “significant progress” on executing key strategic goals in the first quarter of 2022  by uplisting to the tech-dominated Nasdaq on January 28  2022.With a strong balance sheet and cash on hand following closing $5.8 million in funding in January 2022  Trust Stamp believes it has “sufficient liquidity” to execute on its growth plan this year.Contact the author Uttara Choudhury at uttara@proactiveinvestors.comFollow her on Twitter: @UttaraProactive,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,mixed,0.51,0.19,0.3,True,English,"['Trust Stamp', 'record revenue', 'full-year', 'momentum', 'second largest R&D hub', 'United States federal government', 'Initial government contract award', 'three new issued patents', 'Atlanta-based privacy-first identity company', 'Intellectual property portfolio growth', 'Trust Stamp Rwanda Limited', 'strong financial performance', 'strong balance sheet', '11 new pending patents', 'key strategic goals', 'first two quarters', 'key strategic achievements', '55 potential revenue contracts', 'gross profit margin', 'successful financing activities', '94 full-time team members', 'author Uttara Choudhury', 'maturing sales pipeline', 'diluted net loss', 'CEO Gareth Genner', 'Trust Stamp partners', 'year revenue growth', 'identity services', 'IP portfolio', 'Metapresence Limited', 'key base', 'following achievements', 'commercial pipeline', 'net sales', 'new customers', 'first half', 'new clients', 'first quarter', 'AI-powered trust', 'record revenue', 'notable growth', 'consistent growth', 'growth plan', 'same period', 'fourth quarter', 'existing customers', 'technology company', 'affiliated clients', 'six customers', 'flagship customers', 'smaller proportion', 'prior years', 'VIVA Finance', 'inclusive finance', 'record period', 'market traction', 'scalable infrastructure', 'meaningful value', 'internal capabilities', 'evolving needs', 'digital operations', 'GovTech space', 'prospect base', 'commercial relationships', 'US Department', 'crypto-asset services', 'important governmental', 'total assets', 'Rosy outlook', 'monthly payments', 'current clients', 'sufficient liquidity', 'significant revenue', 'Full Year', 'significant progress', 'Homeland Security', 'NASDAQ:IDAI', 'EURONEXT:AIID', '57 members', '12 months', 'full-year', '4Q', 'agreements', 'number', 'result', 'firm', 'engagements', 'READ', 'FY 2021', 'share', 'addition', 'offerings', 'statement', 'momentum', 'Q1', 'investment', 'accessibility', 'entry', 'September', 'March', 'subsidiary', 'region', 'headcount', 'meantime', '80% increase', 'December', 'projects', 'tech-dominated', 'January', 'cash', 'hand', 'funding', 'proactiveinvestors', 'Twitter', 'UttaraProactive', '2022']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,proactiveinvestors.com
2772,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/air-liquide-divested-industrial-merchant-154500764.html,Air Liquide Divested Its Industrial Merchant Business in UAE & Bahrain,Story continues Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 23 billion euros in 2021. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50 and FTSE4Good indexes. www.airliquide ...,PARIS  April 12  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Air Liquide (Paris:AI) announces the sale of its Industrial Merchant business in the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain to Air Products Group. This transaction includes Air Liquide Emirates for Industrial Gases LLC (ALEMIR) and Air Liquide’s share in Middle East Carbon Dioxide W.L.L (MECD).This divestment is immaterial with regards to the overall portfolio of Air Liquide in the Africa Middle East and India region. It is part of the Group’s strategy to regularly review its asset portfolio and focus on selected fast developing areas and activities. As a consequence of this divestiture  the 97 employees are now integrated within the Air Products organization.Air Liquide is well-positioned to further grow its already strong presence in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region in Large Industries and Healthcare businesses and pursue the many opportunities emerging with clean Hydrogen and Energy Transition.A world leader in gases  technologies and services for Industry and Health  Air Liquide is present in 75 countries with approximately 66 400 employees and serves more than 3.8 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the company’s activities since its creation in 1902.Air Liquide’s ambition is to be a leader in its industry  deliver long term performance and contribute to sustainability - with a strong commitment to climate change and energy transition at the heart of its strategy. The company’s customer-centric transformation strategy aims at profitable  regular and responsible growth over the long term. It relies on operational excellence  selective investments  open innovation and a network organization implemented by the Group worldwide. Through the commitment and inventiveness of its people  Air Liquide leverages energy and environment transition  changes in healthcare and digitization  and delivers greater value to all its stakeholders.Story continuesAir Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 23 billion euros in 2021. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50 and FTSE4Good indexes.www.airliquide.comFollow us on Twitter @airliquidegroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220412005830/en/ContactsCorporate Communicationsmedia@airliquide.comInvestor RelationsIRTeam@airliquide.com,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.29,0.34,0.37,True,English,"['Industrial Merchant Business', 'Air Liquide', 'UAE', 'Bahrain', 'Middle East Carbon Dioxide W.L.L', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Africa Middle East', 'United Arab Emirates', 'fast developing areas', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'essential small molecules', 'View source version', 'Industrial Merchant business', 'Industrial Gases LLC', 'long term performance', 'Air Products organization', 'customer-centric transformation strategy', 'Air Liquide Emirates', 'Air Products Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'network organization', 'Regulatory News', 'overall portfolio', 'India region', 'asset portfolio', 'strong presence', 'GCC) region', 'Large Industries', 'many opportunities', '3.8 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'climate change', 'profitable, regular', 'responsible growth', 'operational excellence', 'selective investments', 'open innovation', 'environment transition', 'greater value', '23 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX', 'FTSE4Good indexes', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'Healthcare businesses', 'clean Hydrogen', 'Energy Transition', 'world leader', 'strong commitment', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'April', 'sale', 'Bahrain', 'transaction', 'ALEMIR', 'share', 'MECD', 'divestment', 'regards', 'activities', 'consequence', 'divestiture', '97 employees', 'technologies', 'services', 'Industry', '75 countries', '66,400 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'company', 'creation', 'ambition', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'inventiveness', 'people', 'changes', 'digitization', 'stakeholders', 'Story', 'revenue', 'airliquide', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'IRTeam']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,ca.finance.yahoo.com
2773,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cch-tagetik-esg-sustainability-expert-203100839.html,CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution from Wolters Kluwer helps organizations go beyond compliance to drive growth and combat risk,The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands. Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters ...,"Gain control  meet compliance requirements and improve ESG scores while supporting strategic  sustainable growth with comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance ManagementNEW YORK  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announces CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management  further extending its comprehensive regulatory compliance offering. The pre-built expert solution combines Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives and financial performance to enable companies to create powerful ESG reporting and manage compliance requirements while driving their sustainable growth strategies.Wolters_Kluwer_LogoWith the more stringent EU Taxonomy taking effect from January 2023 and mounting stakeholder pressure  the office of finance  as well as compliance and ESG professionals  need complete confidence that their organization is compliant with evolving ESG requirements. CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management accelerates compliance for EU Taxonomy  GRI  SASB  and other standards and frameworks by using pre-built and extendable processes to aggregate and analyze complex data and automatically generate ESG reports for disclosure. Beyond compliance  customers benefit from better  faster decision-making  to drive sustainable growth and combat risk through the unification of ESG data with financial results  integrated plans  and scenario analysis.""Our customers asked  and we delivered. That's why we are proud to offer our CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability expert solution to ensure customers can continuously meet compliance with ease  now and in the future "" said Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting. ""Companies gain streamlined regulatory reporting through pre-configured content for quick implementations  and automated and scalable processes that simplify compliance. But that's not all. By embedding ESG data into financial and operational plans  companies are empowered with the insights to see ESG opportunities  identify cost savings and minimize risk.""Story continuesCCH® Tagetik is a global expert solution that enables digital transformation in the office of the CFO  providing a strategic and intelligent platform for financial close & consolidation  financial & operational planning  and regulatory compliance. With its proven regulatory compliance expertise and the broadest range of regulatory products  addressing different requirements from Solvency II  IFRS  to Lease Accounting and more  CCH® Tagetik helps global enterprises to keep pace with proliferating and increasingly complex regulations.Discover more about the new CCH® Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management here.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Contacts:Beatriz SantinCCH® Tagetik+1 339 229 2447 officeBeatriz.santin@wolterskluwer.comGreta BartoliCCH® Tagetik+39 058396811 officegreta.bartoli@wolterskluwer.comLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1441883/Wolters_Kluwer_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cch-tagetik-esg--sustainability-expert-solution-from-wolters-kluwer-helps-organizations-go-beyond-compliance-to-drive-growth-and-combat-risk-301524295.htmlSOURCE Wolters Kluwer",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'organizations', 'compliance', 'growth', 'risk', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'comprehensive regulatory compliance offering', 'proven regulatory compliance expertise', 'comprehensive CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'new CCH® Tagetik ESG', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'powerful ESG reporting', 'Sustainability Performance Management', 'stringent EU Taxonomy', 'sustainable growth strategies', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'evolving ESG requirements', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Sustainability expert solution', 'global expert solution', 'strategic, sustainable growth', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'regulatory reporting', 'NEW YORK', 'expert solutions', 'regulatory products', 'regulatory sectors', 'ESG scores', 'ESG) initiatives', 'ESG professionals', 'ESG reports', 'ESG data', 'ESG opportunities', 'financial performance', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'different requirements', 'global enterprises', 'Gain control', 'compliance requirements', 'Environmental, Social', 'stakeholder pressure', 'complete confidence', 'other standards', 'extendable processes', 'complex data', 'faster decision-making', 'integrated plans', 'scenario analysis', 'General Manager', 'quick implementations', 'scalable processes', 'operational plans', 'cost savings', 'digital transformation', 'intelligent platform', 'operational planning', 'broadest range', 'Solvency II', 'complex regulations', 'critical decisions', 'advanced technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contacts', 'Beatriz Santin', 'Beatriz.santin', 'professional information', 'financial results', 'financial close', 'Greta Bartoli', 'original content', 'Lease Accounting', '058396811 office greta', '2447 office', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'services', 'Governance', 'companies', 'Wolters_Kluwer_Logo', 'effect', 'January', 'finance', 'organization', 'GRI', 'SASB', 'frameworks', 'built', 'disclosure', 'customers', 'risk', 'unification', 'future', 'streamlined', 'automated', 'insights', 'Story', 'CFO', 'consolidation', 'IFRS', 'pace', 'proliferating', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'news-releases', 'sustainability-expert', 'wolters-kluwer', 'SOURCE', '229']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2774,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/trust-stamp-announces-record-revenue-193800044.html,Trust Stamp announces record revenue for both Q4 and full-year 2021 with Trust Stamp’s momentum continuing into 2022,"U.S. consumer inflation hit another four-decade high in March when it reached 8.5% in large part on gasoline prices surging to a record  but the data sported enough soft spots for some Wall Street pundits to declare ""peak inflation"" was at hand.",Trust StampATLANTA  April 12  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Trust Stamp (Nasdaq: IDAI  Euronext Growth: AIID ID)  the Privacy-First Identity Company™ providing AI-powered trust and identity services used globally across multiple sectors  provides a business update and commentary on reported financial results for the three and twelve month periods ended 31 December 2021 (“Q4 2021” and “Full Year 2021”  respectively).Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial HighlightsNet Sales were $3.7M in Full Year 2021  a 38.9% increase year-over-yearNet Sales were $2.1M in Q4 2021  a 69.7% increase year-over-yearGross Profit was $2.5M  a 124.0% increase year-over-yearGross Profit Margin for Full Year 2021 was 68.7% compared to 42.59% for Full Year 2020Operating Margin improved in Q4 2021 to -93.83% compared to -241.74% for Full Year 2021Net Profit Margin was -96.55% in Q4 2021 compared to -246.31% in Full Year 2021Net Loss decreased by 15.22% year-over-year  improving Diluted Net Loss per Share to $(0.46) in 2021 from $(0.90) in 2020Total Financing closed came to $9.8M from offerings commenced in 2021Total Assets were $8.7M at year end 2021  a 80.0% increase from $3.9M at year end 20202021 Operational HighlightsInitial government contract award of $3.92M with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in September 2021  subsequently increased to $7.17M in March 2022Intellectual property portfolio growth with three new issued patents and 11 new pending patents produced in Full Year 2021Headcount grew to 94 full-time team members at year end 2021 from 57 at year end 2021Wholly-owned subsidiaries established  with Trust Stamp Rwanda Limited focused on R&D  and Metapresence Limited focused on crypto-asset servicesGareth Genner  Chief Executive Officer  comments: “I am pleased to report strong financial performance in 2021  with notable growth in the fourth quarter reflecting the momentum which has continued into another record period in Q1 of 2022. Our go-to-market traction  successful financing activities  and investment in intellectual property and scalable infrastructure position us to drive consistent growth and meaningful value for shareholders throughout 2022 and beyond.Story continuesOur ongoing investment into building out our internal capabilities and developing our innovative IP portfolio to address evolving needs for privacy  security  and accessibility in digital operations resulted in key strategic achievements in 2021  including entry into the GovTech space with a contract from the United States federal government  growth in our client and prospect base  and expanded commercial relationships with both new and flagship customers.Trust Stamp provides transformational  privacy-first technologies that give individuals greater control and protection of their own data while strengthening organizational security  at a fraction of the cost of legacy solutions. Our growth in 2021 parallels an increased awareness of the risks associated with conventional means of authentication including the breach and exposure of data  along with a rapidly evolving global regulatory landscape around data privacy and protection  both of which we anticipate to continue trending upward.Trust Stamp is committed to delivering solutions that support robust  accessible  and equitable financial systems with vast potential to impact the large yet underserved addressable market made up of an estimated 4B underbanked individuals around the world. Innovation for global inclusion remained a core strategic focus in 2021 as we established a subsidiary in Rwanda  which today represents our second largest R&D hub  and a key base as we continue to develop important governmental and commercial relationships in the region.With continued cross-industry successes as we execute on a mission-driven strategy for global growth  we remain highly encouraged by the outlook for the business and look forward to providing further updates in the weeks and months ahead.”Financial Performance OverviewRevenueNet Sales for the Full Year increased to $3.7M in 2021 from $2.6M in 2020 as Trust Stamp expanded on agreements with existing customers in line with our strategy of seeking long-term revenue channels that can drive stable growth. We also acquired new customers  doubling the number of non-affiliated clients generating significant revenue to six customers. As a result  our flagship customers comprise a smaller proportion of revenue compared to prior years despite their own increased engagements with us.Gross Profit and Profit MarginGross Profit increased by a notable 124.0% year-over-year  to $2.5M in 2021 from $1.1M in 2020  while Gross Profit Margin improved by 26.1% year-over-year  to 68.7% in 2021 from 42.6% in 2020. The improvements in Gross Profit and Profit Margin result from a change in the disaggregation of revenue earned through different sales models  reflecting our ongoing efforts to shift income streams from custom implementation and development work to semi-custom implementations  in addition to onboarding contracts that provide for long-term pay-per-use revenue  with relatively nominal costs to implementing existing technology.Operational and Strategic DevelopmentsGrowth in Global Team and PresenceTrust Stamp’s headcount grew to 94 team members from 57  with a focus on accelerating R&D and productization in addition to expanding our global sales team’s capacity to address increased interest across geographies and verticals. Trust Stamp hired our Chief Innovation Officer in September 2021 to lead various R&D initiatives as well as the monetization of existing technology.Trust Stamp Rwanda Limited was formed in May 2021 as part of our commitment to delivering equitable  accessible  and secure identity technologies that power inclusion in all regions of the world. Our African R&D center had 12 employees by 31 December 2021. Trust Stamp Malta Limited also experienced significant expansion during 2021  growing from 23 to 40 staff members as Trust Stamp’s largest R&D center and our hub for E.U. operations.This growth in headcount and resulting overhead requirements led to a $1.9M increase in year-over-year Selling  General  and Administrative expenses  totalling $8.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021  and contributing to a 13.8% or $1.5M increase in Total Operating Expenses. Both increases were outpaced by the growth rate of Net Sales.Intellectual PropertyTrust Stamp continued developing a robust intellectual property portfolio  adding three new patent issuances and 11 new pending patents  including multiple that serve to secure protection and validate our innovation behind the liveness verification and presentation attack detection technologies central to our fraud-resistant biometric services. Most notably  we received allowance of the patent for Trust Stamp’s core market differentiator  our privacy-first data tokenization technology.Digital Asset and Cryptocurrency ServicesTo further develop a competitive position in the digital asset space  Trust Stamp established the Metapresence Limited subsidiary as a participant in The Digital Isle of Man Accelerator Program  which provides access to a regulatory sandbox where flexible licensing conditions enable agile development of digital asset services. The subsidiary operates Trust Stamp’s currently beta-stage Crypto Key Vault solution designed to provide cryptocurrency and NFT investors with the security and convenience of traditional financial services  using our proven facial biometric authentication technology.FinancingThese operational developments were supported in part by the Trust Stamp’s financing activities throughout 2021  carrying into early 2022. Building on the success of a private $4.0M round of funding in the first half of 2021 and driven by investor interest  Trust Stamp launched a public round of funding in Q3 2021 with the primary goal of driving our January 2022 uplisting to the Nasdaq Capital Market. Financing and operating activities  combined with the monetization of internal-use software  resulted in an 80.0% increase in Total Assets to $8.7M at year-end 2021 from $3.9M at year-end 2020.H1 2022 OutlookWe expect significant year-on-year revenue growth for the first two quarters of 2022. This growth is expected to come from pre-contracted monthly payments from current clients along with revenue growth from new clients in a maturing sales pipeline. As of 31 December 2021  our commercial pipeline included 55 potential revenue contracts and projects.In addition to generating revenue in 2021  our investment in business development led to significant client engagements for proof-of-concept and new product development  which we expect to result in future recurring revenue. The 64.9% headcount increase in 2021 enabled the transition of most of Trust Stamp’s software development activities from outsourcing to in-house  which we expect to further reduce costs  improve margins  and accelerate service delivery.We will continue pursuing new commercial opportunities to expand our client base  along with the scope and range of services provided both to and through our clients as we also focus efforts on engaging channel partners with substantial distribution networks and the potential for high revenue impact at relatively low costs. Following substantial investment into developing our core technology services in prior years and its targeted commercialization through development of cost-effective  streamlined routes of service delivery in 2021  two financial service providers utilizing our “low-code” implementation platform publicly announced partnership with Trust Stamp in Q1 2022  including S&P 500 company and global leader in financial services technology  FIS.Trust Stamp has made significant progress on executing key strategic goals in the first quarter of 2022  including uplisting to the Nasdaq Capital Market on 28 January 2022. With a strong balance sheet and cash on hand following closing $5.8M in funding in January 2022  we anticipate having sufficient liquidity to support our working capital needs to execute on our growth plan through 2022.Enquiries Trust Stamp Email: Shareholders@truststamp.ai Gareth Genner  Chief Executive Officer Nisha Naik  Executive VP of Communications Davy (Euronext Growth Advisor) Tel: +353 1 679 6363 Barry Murphy Investor Relations Tel: +1 212-671-1021 Crescendo Communications Email: idai@crescendo-ir.comAbout Trust StampTrust Stamp   the Privacy-First Identity Company™  is a global provider of AI-powered identity services for use in multiple sectors including banking and finance  regulatory compliance  government  real estate  communications  and humanitarian services. Its technology empowers organizations with advanced biometric identity solutions that reduce fraud  protect personal data privacy  increase operational efficiency  and reach a broader base of users worldwide through its unique data transformation and comparison capabilities.Located in seven countries across North America  Europe  Asia  and Africa  Trust Stamp trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( Nasdaq: IDAI ) and Euronext Growth in Dublin ( Euronext Growth: AIID ID ). Founded in 2016 by Gareth Genner and Andrew Gowasack  the company now employs over 100 people.Safe Harbor Statement: Caution Concerning Forward-Looking RemarksAll statements in this release that are not based on historical fact are “forward-looking statements” including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The information in this announcement may contain forward-looking statements and information related to  among other things  the company  its business plan and strategy  and its industry. These statements reflect management’s current views with respect to future events based on information currently available and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company does not undertake any obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,positive,0.73,0.22,0.04,True,English,"['Trust Stamp', 'record revenue', 'Q4', 'full-year', 'momentum', 'large yet underserved addressable market', 'second largest R&D hub', 'United States federal government', 'Initial government contract award', 'evolving global regulatory landscape', 'three new issued patents', 'Intellectual property portfolio growth', 'Trust Stamp Rwanda Limited', 'Full Year 2021 Financial Highlights', 'innovative IP portfolio', 'twelve month periods', 'U.S. Department', '11 new pending patents', '94 full-time team members', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong financial performance', 'transformational, privacy-first technologies', 'equitable financial systems', 'core strategic focus', 'Financial Performance Overview', 'Privacy-First Identity Company™', 'successful financing activities', 'key strategic achievements', 'different sales models', '4B underbanked individuals', 'Diluted Net Loss', 'long-term revenue channels', 'Gross Profit Margin', 'Net Profit Margin', 'market traction', 'financial results', '2021 Operational Highlights', 'Metapresence Limited', 'evolving needs', 'global inclusion', 'global growth', 'Net Sales', 'identity services', 'Operating Margin', 'Total Financing', 'key base', 'new customers', 'AI-powered trust', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'AIID ID', 'multiple sectors', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Total Assets', 'Wholly-owned subsidiaries', 'crypto-asset services', 'Gareth Genner', 'notable growth', 'record period', 'scalable infrastructure', 'consistent growth', 'meaningful value', 'internal capabilities', 'digital operations', 'GovTech space', 'prospect base', 'commercial relationships', 'flagship customers', 'greater control', 'conventional means', 'vast potential', 'important governmental', 'cross-industry successes', 'existing customers', 'stable growth', 'affiliated clients', 'six customers', 'smaller proportion', 'prior years', 'ongoing efforts', 'income streams', 'custom implementation', 'development work', 'Homeland Security', 'organizational security', 'year end', 'significant revenue', 'business update', 'ongoing investment', 'legacy solutions', 'mission-driven strategy', 'data privacy', 'ATLANTA', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'IDAI', 'commentary', 'Q4', '38.9% increase', '69.7% increase', '124.0% increase', 'Share', 'offerings', '80.0% increase', 'September', 'March', 'Headcount', 'momentum', 'Q1', 'Story', 'accessibility', 'entry', 'protection', 'fraction', 'cost', 'increased', 'awareness', 'risks', 'authentication', 'breach', 'exposure', 'world', 'Innovation', 'subsidiary', 'region', 'outlook', 'updates', 'weeks', 'months', 'agreements', 'line', 'number', 'engagements', 'improvements', 'change', 'disaggregation', 'addition', 'contracts', '2022']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,yahoo.com
2775,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-154500381.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows: Trading Date (dd/mm/yyyy) Stock Exchange Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees 05/04/2022 (*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange ...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  April 11  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche of the common share buyback program announced on March 3  2022 (“Sixth Tranche”)  additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)05/04/2022 EXM 10 770 208.3179 2 243 583.50 06/04/2022 EXM 14 407 202.4619 2 916 868.50 07/04/2022 EXM 10 442 201.5519 2 104 605.40 08/04/2022 EXM 5 122 201.8376 1 033 812.40Total- 40 741 203.6982 8 298 869.80(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of the Sixth Tranche of the buyback program dated March 3  2022 till April 8  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 40 613 712.35 for No. 215 916 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 9 990 538.84 (Euro 9 133 362.89*) for No. 52 571 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of April 8  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 10 696 692 common shares equal to 4.16% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since January 1  2019 until April 8  2022  the Company has purchased a total of 5 576 974 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  excluding transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 853 167 641.79.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'common share buyback program', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', 'Buyback Programs section', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 215,916 common shares', 'No. 52,571 common shares', 'Stock Exchange', '10,696,692 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', 'sixth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'April', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'March', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'January', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '5,576,974']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,ca.finance.yahoo.com
2776,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/esi-group-release-2021-universal-170000778.html,ESI Group: Release of the 2021 Universal Registration Document,ESI is present in more than 20 countries  employs 1200 people around the world and reported 2021 sales of €136.6 million. ESI is headquartered in France and is listed on compartment B of Euronext Paris. For further information  go to www.esi-group.com.,"PARIS  April 12  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:ESI Group  Paris  France  (ISIN Code: FR0004110310  Symbol: ESI)  filed its 2021 Universal Registration Document  in ESEF format  with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers - AMF) on April 11  2022  under number D.22-0273.The Universal Registration Document includes  in particular  the following information:The annual financial report for the year ended on December 31  2021;The Statement on extra-financial performance of the Group;The presentation of the company's risk factors;The report of the Board of Directors on corporate governance;The reports of the Statutory Auditors and information on their fees;The resolutions submitted to the Combined General Meeting of June 28  2022.The Universal Registration Document is available on the ""Investors"" section of the company's website at the following address: https://investors.esi-group.com/financial-information/reportsAbout ESI GroupFounded in 1973  ESI Group envisions a world where Industry commits to bold outcomes  addressing high stakes concerns - environmental impact  safety & comfort for consumers and workers  adaptable and sustainable business models. ESI provides reliable and customized solutions anchored on predictive physics modeling and virtual prototyping expertise to allow industries to make the right decisions at the right time  while managing their complexity. Acting principally in automotive & land transportation  aerospace  defense & naval and heavy industry  ESI is present in more than 20 countries  employs 1200 people around the world and reported 2021 sales of €136.6 million. ESI is headquartered in France and is listed on compartment B of Euronext Paris.For further information  go to www.esi-group.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220412005922/en/ContactsESI GroupFlorence Barrépress@esi-group.com+33 1 49 78 28 28Verbatee - Press & Shareholder RelationsJérôme Goaer  j.goaer@verbatee.com  +33 6 61 61 79 34Aline Besselièvre  a.besselievre@verbatee.com  +33 6 61 85 10 05",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', 'ESI Group', 'Release', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Jérôme Goaer', 'The Universal Registration Document', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Combined General Meeting', 'high stakes concerns', 'predictive physics modeling', 'virtual prototyping expertise', 'View source version', 'Aline Besselièvre', 'annual financial report', 'sustainable business models', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'ISIN Code', 'ESEF format', 'extra-financial performance', 'risk factors', 'corporate governance', 'Statutory Auditors', 'following address', 'bold outcomes', 'environmental impact', 'customized solutions', 'right decisions', 'right time', 'land transportation', 'compartment B', 'Florence Barré', 'Shareholder Relations', 'Regulatory News', 'Investors"" section', 'heavy industry', 'following information', 'Euronext Paris', 'ESI Group', 'April', 'France', 'Symbol', 'AMF', 'number', 'year', 'December', 'Statement', 'presentation', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'reports', 'fees', 'resolutions', 'June', 'website', 'financial-information', 'world', 'safety', 'comfort', 'consumers', 'workers', 'adaptable', 'reliable', 'industries', 'complexity', 'automotive', 'aerospace', 'defense', 'naval', '20 countries', '1200 people', '2021 sales', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Verbatee', 'Press', 'besselievre']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,nz.finance.yahoo.com
2777,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-04/55763844-showroomprive-showroomprive-to-make-a-majority-investment-in-the-bradery-650.htm,SHOWROOMPRIVE: SHOWROOMPRIVE TO MAKE A MAJORITY INVESTMENT IN THE BRADERY,Showroomprivé is listed on Euronext Paris (code: SRP) and reported gross revenue of almost €1 billion incl. VAT[1] in 2021  and net revenue of €724 million. The Group is headed by David Dayan  the co-founder  and employs over 950 people.,"STRENGTHENING ON THE PREMIUM AND MILLENNIALS MARKETA STRATEGIC ACQUISITION FOR OUR SMART SHOPPING POSITIONINGLa Plaine Saint Denis  12 April 2022 - Showroomprivé (SRP Groupe)  a European group specialised in smart shopping  announces today the acquisition of The Bradery  an extremely fast-growing player in the premium flash sales market  primarily targeting millennials.Showroomprivé announces today that it has reached an agreement to make a majority investment (51%) in The Bradery with the option of acquiring the remaining 49% by 2026 at a price to be determined based on the company's future performance. This acquisition is fully financed with the Showroomprivé's cash on hand. Since its inception three years ago  The Bradery has made remarkable inroads in its sector  already achieving nearly €30 million in GMV1 and recording a very strong growth year-on-year for Q1 2022 despite the challenging market environment. With an average basket size close to €100  The Bradery has established itself as a key player in the premium flash sales market. Founders Edouard Caraco and Timothée Linyer  along with their teams  will continue to manage the company and build the platform's strong business momentum. With the aim of doubling its GMV within three years  the transaction is expected to be accretive by 2024. The Bradery will continue to develop under its own brand name  with its current management team.Among the newest entrants on the flash sales market  The Bradery already boasts an extensive community made up of over 200 000 buyers  and has worked with more than 400 brand partners. With a clear positioning on the millennials and the premium market segments  The Bradery stands out as one of the sector's most dynamic player. The brand also benefits from a compelling social network presence  with nearly 300 000 Instagram followers.Focused primarily on fashion  The Bradery has broadened its offering to the Lifestyle and Travel segments to meet customers' demanding expectations. The company is currently predominantly active in France and has launched its expansion into Spain and Belgium.This strategic acquisition directly complements Showroomprivé's core business  strengthening the Group's position among a younger - and highly sought-after - customer base and accelerating its shift towards premiumisation with a product and service offering that opens up great potential for commercial synergies both with brands (partnership agreements) and members. The Group is thus consolidating its strategy of becoming the Go-to platform for smart shopping by bringing together platforms with complementary positioning: Showroomprivé.com as a generalist player  Beauté Privée as a specialist in the promising beauty segment  and The Bradery in the fast-growing millennials and premium fashion segment.On the other hand  The Bradery will benefit from Showroomprivé's expertise and operational resources  particularly its logistics platform  for greater efficiency and profitability.David Dayan  co-founder and Director and Chief Executive Officer of Showroomprivé  said: ""This acquisition will contribute to the Group's premiumisation strategy by giving members direct access to an expanded offering in the premium market segment. Furthermore  The Bradery features a younger community which will complement our customer base  as well as a dynamism inherent to start-up led by talented entrepreneurs  which is perfectly in line with Showroomprivé's culture and values. We look forward to working with The Bradery's teams  who has demonstrated a high sense of innovation  and who will now be able to draw on Showroomprivé's savoir-faire  particularly with regard to sales and logistics. This acquisition is highly strategic for us  as it will complement our generalist platform showroomprivé.com and our specialist platform Beauté Privée. This acquisition is a major step towards achieving our ultimate goal: become the Go-to platform for smart shopping by accelerating brand digitisation and promoting affordable and sustainable purchasing practices.""Edouard Caraco  co-founder and CEO of The Bradery  and Timothée Linyer  co-founder and COO  stated: ""By joining Showroomprivé Group  we will be able to benefit from the expertise of its teams and its prodigious member community to support and accelerate growth for The Bradery. This alliance is an opportunity for us to partner with a top European player in the flash sales market  endowed with a well-established structure and proven processes developed over its 15-year history. By maintaining our independence  we will continue to offer The Bradery's brand partners a protective and rewarding framework while giving them access to an expanded customer base. This development will further enhance our value proposition.""The operation is expected to close in Q2 2022 and is subject to customary regulatory approvals.UPCOMING INFORMATIONQ1 2022 revenues: 21 April 2022FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains only summary information and is not intended to be comprehensive.This press release may contain forward-looking information and statements about the Group and its subsidiaries. These statements include financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives and expectations with respect to future operations  products and services  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the words ""believe "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""goal"" or similar expressions. Although the Group appreciates that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and the Group's shareholders are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the Group  which could cause actual results and developments to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (France's financial markets authority) made or to be made by the Group (particularly those detailed in Chapter 4 of the Company's registration document). The Group makes no commitment to publicly update its forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.ABOUT SHOWROOMPRIVEShowroomprivé is an innovative European player in the online private sales industry  specialized in fashion. Showroomprivé offers a daily selection of more than 3000 brand partners via its mobile apps or website in France and six other countries. Since its launch in 2006  the company has enjoyed quick growth.Showroomprivé is listed on Euronext Paris (code: SRP) and reported gross revenue of almost €1 billion incl. VAT[1] in 2021  and net revenue of €724 million. The Group is headed by David Dayan  the co-founder  and employs over 950 people.For more information: https://showroomprivegroup.comCONTACTSShowroomprivé Taddeo Sylvie Chan Diaz  Investor Relations +33 6 58 53 45 91 investor.relations@showroomprive.net presse.showroomprive@taddeo.fr Priscilla Le Minter  Communication priscilla.leminter@showroomprive.net[1] Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV) is the total amount transactions invoiced  including all taxes. It therefore includes gross online sales  including sales on the Marketplace  other services and other income------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:yphwkZ1sk2yalZ9uZ8tlapOUaZiSlGPJmmKcxmWdl56VaXBhmWdobJWYZnBknmtn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-73961-en-press-release-srp-enters-into-an-agreement-to-make-a-majority-investment-in-the-bradery.pdf",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.27,0.15,True,English,"['MAJORITY INVESTMENT', 'SHOWROOMPRIVE', 'THE', 'BRADERY', 'La Plaine Saint Denis', 'compelling social network presence', 'premium flash sales market', 'challenging market environment', 'premium market segment', 'average basket size', 'Timothée Linyer', 'current management team', 'Beauté Privée', 'promising beauty segment', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sustainable purchasing practices', 'customary regulatory approvals', 'prodigious member community', 'Founders Edouard Caraco', 'strong business momentum', 'premium fashion segment', 'top European player', 'expanded customer base', 'SMART SHOPPING POSITIONING', 'generalist platform showroomprivé', 'generalist player', 'MILLENNIALS MARKET', 'Travel segments', 'core business', 'extensive community', 'clear positioning', 'complementary positioning', 'growing player', 'key player', 'dynamic player', 'expanded offering', 'European group', 'SRP Groupe', 'majority investment', 'future performance', 'remarkable inroads', 'strong growth', 'three years', 'newest entrants', '300,000 Instagram followers', 'demanding expectations', 'great potential', 'commercial synergies', 'partnership agreements', 'operational resources', 'greater efficiency', 'David Dayan', 'talented entrepreneurs', 'high sense', 'major step', 'ultimate goal', 'proven processes', '15-year history', 'rewarding framework', 'value proposition', 'UPCOMING INFORMATION', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'press release', 'summary information', 'The Bradery', 'younger community', 'brand name', '400 brand partners', 'brand digitisation', 'service offering', 'The Group', 'growing millennials', 'other hand', 'direct access', 'Q1 2022 revenues', 'STRATEGIC ACQUISITION', 'logistics platform', 'specialist platform', 'premiumisation strategy', 'Showroomprivé Group', 'STRENGTHENING', 'option', 'price', 'company', 'cash', 'inception', 'sector', 'GMV1', 'teams', 'aim', 'transaction', '200,000 buyers', 'Lifestyle', 'France', 'expansion', 'Spain', 'Belgium', 'shift', 'product', 'brands', 'members', 'platforms', 'expertise', 'profitability', 'Director', 'dynamism', 'line', 'culture', 'values', 'innovation', 'savoir-faire', 'regard', 'affordable', 'CEO', 'COO', 'alliance', 'opportunity', 'structure', 'independence', 'protective', 'development', 'Q2 2022', '21 April']",2022-04-05,2022-04-12,finanznachrichten.de
2778,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-q1-2022-strong-demand-162500448.html,Ekinops Q1 2022: strong demand and +20% revenue growth,PARIS  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and businesses  has published its ...,PARIS  April 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and businesses  has published its consolidated revenue for the first quarter of FY 2022 (January 1 - March 31  2022).Ekinops Corporate€m - IFRSConsolidated data (non-audited) 2021 2022 Change Change at constant scope and exchange rates Q1 revenue 23.2 27.8 +20% +16%SixSq has been consolidated since November 1  2021.Robust growth of almost +20% in Q1 2022Ekinops reported Q1 2022 consolidated revenue of €27.8m  up by a very substantial +20% vs. Q1 2021 (+19% at constant scope).At constant scope and exchange rates  revenue is up +16%  in line with the 2022 annual target for organic growth at least equal to that of 2021 (+12%).All business lines show growth  with software and services up +64%All the Group's businesses contributed to this solid quarterly performance. To be noted in particular the buoyancy of the Optical Transport activity which  in line with 2021  shows a strong increase over Q1 2022  thanks to the success of the 200 Gb/s and 400 Gb/s WDM systems.Profiting from the strength of its Services activity  its SDN (Software Defined Networks) solutions  the network function virtualization solutions  and the contribution of SixSq's activities  revenue generated by software and services rose by +64% over the quarter.The share of software and services continued to increase  and now accounts for 17% of the Group's quarterly revenue  versus 12% one year prior  and 14% for full year 2021.Solid momentum of international sales: growth of +54% in North AmericaThe quarter was marked by dynamic international growth of +34%. The share of international activity accounted for 67% of revenue in Q1 2022  an increase over Q1 2021 (60%) and stable vs. FY 2021.In North America  which totals 18% of Group's sales  Ekinops achieved vigorous quarterly growth of +54% in Q1 2022 (+42% in US dollars). This performance is the result of an extremely solid increase in the activity of both Optical Transport and Access solutions.Story continuesEMEA (Europe - excl. France - Middle East & Africa) region  which represents 42% of the Group's activity  achieved growth of +21% for the quarter  underpinned largely by Optical Transport solutions  particularly in Germany.After two years of severely impacted business environment by the pandemic  Asia-Pacific got back to a more sustained level of activity in H2 2021. Q1 2022 demonstrates the continuation of this trajectory with a substantial increase of +113% in quarterly sales. This rebound comes as a result of upbeat sales of Access products in the region. The arrival of an Australian operator  who chose Ekinops' Access solutions  into the Group's top 10 clients list illustrates the renewed vitality of this region.Lastly  on its domestic market  the Group's activity remained virtually stable (-2%) in Q1 2022. It should be noted that Q1 2021 was marked by very sustained growth of +31% in France (activity stable over FY 2021).2022 financial objectives confirmedAfter an upbeat 2021  Ekinops has made an excellent start to 2022 with very robust demand. Nevertheless  the Group remains vigilant regarding the component crisis which should remain to the fore in the coming quarters.The Group confirms its 2022 annual financial objectives:robust organic growth   at least equal to 2021 growth (+12%) and pushing towards +15%;gross margin of between 52% and 56%   in line with its long-term ambitions and factoring in the potential impact of the supply chain crisis on electronic components  which is still very much ongoing;EBITDA margin between 14% and 18%  integrating human and technological investments to execute the new growth plan.Meanwhile  the Group is continuing to explore all acquisition opportunities that could create value for the company.All press releases are published after Euronext Paris market close.All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frEkinops Logo (PRNewsfoto/Ekinops)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-q1-2022-strong-demand-and-20-revenue-growth-301524070.htmlSOURCE Ekinops,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.03,mixed,0.48,0.29,0.23,True,English,"['Ekinops Q1', 'strong demand', '+20% revenue growth', 'network function virtualization solutions', 'Software Defined Networks) solutions', 'top 10 clients list', 'Didier Brédy', 'supply chain crisis', 'Optical Transport solutions', '400 Gb/s WDM systems', 'new growth plan', 'vigorous quarterly growth', '2022 annual financial objectives', 'dynamic international growth', 'solid quarterly performance', ""Ekinops' Access solutions"", 'robust organic growth', 'Euronext Paris market', 'Optical Transport activity', 'telecommunications solutions', '2022 financial objectives', '2022 annual target', 'domestic market', 'component crisis', 'Robust growth', 'Solid momentum', 'Access products', 'robust demand', 'quarterly sales', 'international sales', 'solid increase', 'leading supplier', 'telecom operators', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'business lines', 'full year', 'North America', 'US dollars', 'Middle East', 'two years', 'business environment', 'sustained level', 'Australian operator', 'sustained growth', 'excellent start', 'coming quarters', 'gross margin', 'long-term ambitions', 'potential impact', 'electronic components', 'EBITDA margin', 'technological investments', 'acquisition opportunities', 'press releases', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'original content', 'quarterly revenue', 'international activity', 'strong increase', 'substantial increase', 'Consolidated data', 'Ekinops Corporate', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'Ekinops Logo', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'first quarter', 'upbeat sales', 'The Group', 'consolidated revenue', 'Services activity', 'Q1 revenue', '200 Gb/s', '2021 growth', 'Q1 2021', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'businesses', 'FY', 'January', 'March', 'IFRS', 'SixSq', 'November', 'buoyancy', 'success', 'strength', 'SDN', 'contribution', 'activities', 'share', 'result', 'Story', 'EMEA', 'Europe', 'France', 'Africa', 'region', 'Germany', 'pandemic', 'Asia-Pacific', 'H2', 'continuation', 'trajectory', 'rebound', 'arrival', 'vitality', 'fore', 'human', 'value', 'company', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'actus', 'PRNewsfoto', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'strong-demand', 'revenue-growth']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
2779,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-04/55763628-bilendi-very-strong-growth-in-2021-results-015.htm,BILENDI: Very strong growth in 2021 results,In 2021  Bilendi achieved a turnover of EUR 44.1 million. The group is listed on Euronext Growth Paris. ISIN code FR 0004174233 - MNEMO code  ALBLD - Eligible PEA PME. BILENDI Marc Bidou - Chairman and CEO m.bidou@bilendi.com Phone: +331 44 88 60 30 ...,"DJ BILENDI: Very strong growth in 2021 resultsBILENDI BILENDI: Very strong growth in 2021 results 12-Apr-2022 / 17:50 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Very strong growth in 2021 results-- Revenues: +29%-- EBITDA: +52%-- Net income multiplied by 2.4By 2026  the Group has set itself new ambitions100 million in revenues and an EBITDA margin of 20% to 25%Paris  April 12  2022 - Bilendi  a European leader in research technology and data  today reported strong growth in its FY2021 results.En MEUR 2019 2020 2021[1] - 2021/2020 2021 proforma[2] Revenues 32.3 34.1 44.1 +29.3% 57.9 EBITDA[3] 5.9 6.3 9.5 +51.8% 10.9 As % of Revenues 18.3% 18.4% 21.6% 18.9% Operating Profit 3.7 3.1 5.8 +88.0% 6.4 As % of Revenues 11.5% 9.1% 13.3% 11.0% Net Income 2.2 2.0 4.8 x2.4 5.1Marc Bidou  Chairman and CEO and founder of Bilendi said: ""The year 2021 marked a major turning point in the history of the Group. With organic growth of 21.3% and the acquisition of respondi  Bilendi has changed dimension  allowing us  2 years ahead of schedule  to reach and exceed the EUR50M revenue target we had set for 2023. This performance was only possible thanks to all of the Bilendi and respondi teams  who worked together to support our 1.700 customers across Europe.""Exceeding 2023 target and change of dimension:2021 proforma revenues of EUR57.9mIn 2021  consolidated revenues amounted to EUR44.1m up 29.3% (+21.3% organically and at constant exchange rates) including a EUR2.3m contribution from respondi  which has been fully consolidated since December 1  2021.International operations (77% of revenues) were at the heart of this remarkable performance  with revenues of EUR33.9 million up 30.5% (+22.2% organically and at constant exchange rates).In the French market (23% of revenues) the dynamic was also very favorable with revenues of EUR10.2 million  up 25.6% (+18.6% organic and at constant exchange rates).The new entity  which includes respondi  will thus have proforma revenues of EUR57.9 million in 2021 exceeding the EUR50 million target set by the Group for 2023  two years ahead of schedule.Strong EBITDA growth of +51.8%For the year  Bilendi recorded an EBITDA of EUR9.5 million up 51.8%  representing an EBITDA margin of 21.6% compared to 18.4% in 2020 (+3.2 points). The consolidated EBITDA margin benefited from the integration of the month of December of Respondi. Excluding respondi  the EBITDA margin for Bilendi ""stand alone"" is slightly above 20%.This performance reflects the Group's ability to generate value  on the strength of a proven and solid model combining sustained organic growth and the completion of structuring acquisitions.On a pro forma basis  as if the acquisition of respondi had been completed on January 1  2021  the EBITDA margin is 18.9%  generating strong potential for profitability growth  with the anticipated alignment of respondi's profitability with that of the Group in the next 24 months.Operating income was EUR5.8 million  up 88.0% or 13.3% of revenues  compared with 9.1% in 2020 (+4.2 points). It includes an increase in depreciation and amortization from EUR3.2 million to EUR3.8 million linked to the Group's investments and technological developments.After accounting for the financial result and the tax charge  net income (group share) is EUR4.8 million  a 2.4 fold increase compared to 2020.Strengthened financial structureThe solid financial structure is characterized by a free cash flow of EUR13.5 million  a net debt of EUR2.1 million (compared to a net cash flow of EUR5.8 million at the end of 2020) including EUR15.63 million of financial debt  and shareholders' equity of EUR28.9 million (compared to EUR23.1 million at the end of 2020).New 2026 strategic plan: EUR100 million in revenues  with 20 to 25% EBITDAAfter a successful year in which Bilendi reached its objectives two years ahead of schedule and with a renewed confidence for the future  the Group has set itself the ambition to reach EUR100 million in revenues by 2026 with an EBITDA margin between 20% and 25%  combining organic growth and new acquisitions.To achieve this goal  Bilendi will rely on several strategic levers:- Continued organic growth thanks to a buoyant market  the launch of new offers  the development of the customer portfolio  geographical reinforcement with the opening of new offices and the constant search for innovation;- Maintaining the Group's technological advantage by investing in the automation of data collection  artificial intelligence for new research solutions  etc;- Optimizing and improving the profitability of the new entity by amortizing fixed costs over a broader revenue base  increasing productivity with the continued automation of research  developing new high-margin offerings  etc;- A selective acquisition strategy with the objective of adding new panels  integrating new technologies  and completing the Group's range of offerings.Next publication: Q1 2022 revenues: May 10  2022 (after market close)About BilendiAt a time when the amounts  variety and speed of data being issued and communicated are increasing exponentially. Bilendi provides an innovative technological response to the collection  processing and enhancement of this data.That is why Bilendi is positioned at the epicentre of data collection for two market segments. These are: Technologies and Services for Market Research and Technologies and Services for Customer Engagement and Loyalty.We have locations in France  United Kingdom  Germany  Switzerland  Spain  Italy  Denmark  Finland  Sweden  Belgium  Morocco. The group also has business activities in Austria and Norway. In 2021  Bilendi achieved a turnover of EUR 44.1 million. The group is listed on Euronext Growth Paris.ISIN code FR 0004174233 - MNEMO code  ALBLD - Eligible PEA PME.www.bilendi.comContactsBILENDI Marc Bidou - Chairman and CEO m.bidou@bilendi.com Phone: +331 44 88 60 30 ACTIFIN Analysts & Investors Relations Press Relations Nicolas Lin/ Alexandre Commerot Isabelle Dray nlin/acommerot@actifin.fr idray@actifin.fr Phone: +331 56 88 11 11 Phone: +331 56 88 11 29-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[1] The accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on April 8  2022 and audited by the statutory auditors. The certification report is currently being issued.2Pro forma scope 2021: as if the acquisition of respondi had taken place on 1 January 20213 Integration as of 1 January 2021 of 100% of Humanizee SAS  which owns the Discussnow platform and as of 1 December 2021  of 100% of respondi4 2021 organic scope: excluding the acquisition of Humanizee SAS (Discussnow) and respondi  at constant exchange rates-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Regulatory filing PDF file File: Bilendi: very strong growth in 2021 results=---------------------------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: BILENDI 4 rue de Ventadour 75001 PARIS France E-mail: contact.fr@bilendi.com Internet: www.bilendi.com ISIN: FR0004174233 Euronext Ticker: ALBLD AMF Category: Inside information / News release on accounts  results EQS News ID: 1326737 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1326737 12-Apr-2022 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1326737&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresApril 12  2022 11:50 ET (15:50 GMT)",positive,0.83,0.15,0.02,mixed,0.61,0.2,0.19,True,English,"['strong growth', 'BILENDI', '2021 results', 'major turning point', 'EUR2.3m contribution', 'pro forma basis', 'free cash flow', 'several strategic levers', 'broader revenue base', 'constant exchange rates', 'French Regulatory News', 'EUR50M revenue target', 'EUR50 million target', 'New 2026 strategic plan', 'new high-margin offerings', 'net cash flow', 'selective acquisition strategy', 'sustained organic growth', 'new research solutions', 'solid financial structure', 'consolidated EBITDA margin', 'Strong EBITDA growth', 'constant search', 'French market', 'solid model', 'strong growth', 'new ambitions', 'new entity', 'new acquisitions', 'new offers', 'new offices', 'new panel', 'financial result', 'financial debt', 'Net income', 'net debt', 'strong potential', 'CET/CEST Dissemination', 'European leader', 'research technology', 'En MEUR', 'Operating Profit', 'Marc Bidou', 'International operations', 'structuring acquisitions', 'next 24 months', 'Operating income', 'technological developments', 'tax charge', ""shareholders' equity"", 'buoyant market', 'customer portfolio', 'geographical reinforcement', 'technological advantage', 'artificial intelligence', 'fixed costs', '20 to 25% EBITDA', 'consolidated revenues', 'profitability growth', '2.4 fold increase', 'data collection', 'continued automation', 'remarkable performance', 'successful year', 'DJ BILENDI', 'FY2021 results', 'EQS Group', 'group share', 'respondi teams', '2021 proforma revenues', 'BILENDI BILENDI', '2023 target', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Very', 'Paris', 'April', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'founder', 'history', 'dimension', 'schedule', '1.700 customers', 'December', 'heart', 'dynamic', 'integration', 'value', 'strength', 'proven', 'completion', 'January', 'alignment', 'points', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'investments', 'objectives', 'confidence', 'future', 'goal', 'launch', 'opening', 'innovation', 'productivity']",2022-04-05,2022-04-12,finanznachrichten.de
2780,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed  acc.~90%  always check] Earnings Release April 12  15:38:00: https://t.co/CgFesTDRKq,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed  acc.~90%  always check] Earnings Release April 12  15:38:00: https://t.co/CgFesTDRKq,neutral,0.01,0.69,0.3,neutral,0.01,0.69,0.3,True,English,"['Earnings Release', 'April', 'CgFesTDRKq', 'Earnings Release', 'April', 'CgFesTDRKq']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2781,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on April 12  15:38:00: Trust Stamp announces record revenue for both… https://t.co/v2aVK9Kz6B,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on April 12  15:38:00: Trust Stamp announces record revenue for both… https://t.co/v2aVK9Kz6B,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Trust Stamp', 'record revenue', 'April', 'v2aVK9Kz6B', 'Press Release', 'Trust Stamp', 'record revenue', 'April', 'v2aVK9Kz6B']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2782,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GrainHedger @Veaulin1 @GautreauMaxime @Guiguiperdereau @Olivierviticog1 @PortierArthur @euronext_fr @agritelparis… https://t.co/kJCfRUZyHV,nan,@GrainHedger @Veaulin1 @GautreauMaxime @Guiguiperdereau @Olivierviticog1 @PortierArthur @euronext_fr @agritelparis… https://t.co/kJCfRUZyHV,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['GrainHedger', 'Veaulin1', 'GautreauMaxime', 'Guiguiperdereau', 'Olivierviticog1', 'PortierArthur', 'euronext_fr', 'agritelparis', 'kJCfRUZyHV', 'GrainHedger', 'Veaulin1', 'GautreauMaxime', 'Guiguiperdereau', 'Olivierviticog1', 'PortierArthur', 'euronext_fr', 'agritelparis', 'kJCfRUZyHV']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2783,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Delighted to see @LSEGplc replacing @euronext to provide @QatarBursa a new trading and clearing technology platform… https://t.co/BDgpXzMxFn,nan,Delighted to see @LSEGplc replacing @euronext to provide @QatarBursa a new trading and clearing technology platform… https://t.co/BDgpXzMxFn,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['clearing technology platform', 'new trading', 'euronext', 'BDgpXzMxFn', 'clearing technology platform', 'new trading', 'euronext', 'BDgpXzMxFn']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2784,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Focuses on Borsa Italiana Integrationhttps://t.co/f8Up8RfPiq,nan,Euronext Focuses on Borsa Italiana Integrationhttps://t.co/f8Up8RfPiq,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Borsa Italiana Integration', 'Euronext', 'f8Up8RfPiq', 'Borsa Italiana Integration', 'Euronext', 'f8Up8RfPiq']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2785,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@European_DGI ASML on euronext and Nasdaq  whats the diffeence?,nan,@European_DGI ASML on euronext and Nasdaq  whats the diffeence?,neutral,0.02,0.61,0.37,neutral,0.02,0.61,0.37,True,English,"['euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'diffeence', 'euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'diffeence']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2786,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 this week 1196 break.,nan,Euronext 100 this week 1196 break.,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Euronext', '1196 break', 'Euronext', '1196 break']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2787,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#OATT 🌾🌾🌾🌾🌾🌾🌾@euronext_fr @  15.02 hrs CET  : €390.75 (⬆️ 1️⃣1️⃣.2️⃣5️⃣%) after touching a high of €395.50,nan,#OATT 🌾🌾🌾🌾🌾🌾🌾@euronext_fr @  15.02 hrs CET  : €390.75 (⬆️ 1️⃣1️⃣.2️⃣5️⃣%) after touching a high of €395.50,positive,0.83,0.14,0.04,positive,0.83,0.14,0.04,True,English,"['15.02 hrs CET', 'euronext', 'fr', 'high', '15.02 hrs CET', 'euronext', 'fr', 'high']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2788,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,🚨Our partner @euronext_be has reserved some seats at TechShare exclusively for ASATT members.Interested in a care… https://t.co/j9NwtiLOBu,nan,🚨Our partner @euronext_be has reserved some seats at TechShare exclusively for ASATT members.Interested in a care… https://t.co/j9NwtiLOBu,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['ASATT members', 'partner', 'euronext_be', 'seats', 'TechShare', 'care', 'j9NwtiLOBu', 'ASATT members', 'partner', 'euronext_be', 'seats', 'TechShare', 'care', 'j9NwtiLOBu']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2789,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading Halted for $ALADV.PA  ADVENIS | at 11:00 CEST / 05:00 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-04-12… https://t.co/tNsJaLmAea,nan,Trading Halted for $ALADV.PA  ADVENIS | at 11:00 CEST / 05:00 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-04-12… https://t.co/tNsJaLmAea,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['PA  ADVENIS', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', '$ALADV', '11:00 CEST', 'tNsJaLmAea', '05:00', 'PA  ADVENIS', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', '$ALADV', '11:00 CEST', 'tNsJaLmAea', '05:00']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
2790,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,🌾 2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ 🌾 Pour la première fois  le blé @euronext récolte 2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ passe la barre symbolique des 3️⃣… https://t.co/9s9fCw8X30,nan,🌾 2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ 🌾 Pour la première fois  le blé @euronext récolte 2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ passe la barre symbolique des 3️⃣… https://t.co/9s9fCw8X30,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['première fois', 'euronext récolte', 'barre symbolique', 'blé', '3️', 'première fois', 'euronext récolte', 'barre symbolique', 'blé', '3️']",2022-04-12,2022-04-12,Unknown
