UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57423,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://sputnikglobe.com/20260917/russian-central-bank-challenges-eu-regulation-blocking-230bln-claim-against-euroclear-1124753115.html,Russian Central Bank Challenges EU Regulation Blocking $230Bln Claim Against Euroclear,MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Russian Central Bank on Thursday challenged an EU regulation that prevents it from recovering 200 billion euros ($229.8 billion) from the Belgium-based Euroclear depository  which has indefinitely frozen Russian sovereign assets.,"https://sputnikglobe.com/20260917/russian-central-bank-challenges-eu-regulation-blocking-230bln-claim-against-euroclear-1124753115.htmlRussian Central Bank Challenges EU Regulation Blocking $230Bln Claim Against EuroclearRussian Central Bank Challenges EU Regulation Blocking $230Bln Claim Against EuroclearSputnik InternationalThe Russian Central Bank on Thursday challenged an EU regulation that prevents it from recovering 200 billion euros ($229.8 billion) from the Belgium-based Euroclear depository  which has indefinitely frozen Russian sovereign assets.2026-09-17T16:05+00002026-09-17T16:05+00002026-09-17T16:05+0000worldrussiaeuropebelgiumukraineeuropean union (eu)russian central bankbank of russiaassetsfrozen assetshttps://cdn1.img.sputnikglobe.com/img/07e6/04/15/1094951958_0:320:3072:2048_1920x0_80_0_0_30c9481137fb38e20e6a8ccdf7d04edb.jpgEarlier in the day  the Russian regulator said that it had filed an application on September 15 with the General Court of the EU  challenging restrictions on recognition of Russian court decisions in all countries  which concerned Article 1(28) of Regulation of the Council of the European Union of July 23  2026 No. 2026/1848. ""The document is a direct attempt to interfere in the ongoing legal proceedings in Belgium and prevent the Bank of Russia from enforcing a ruling by the Moscow Arbitration Court issued in the Bank of Russia's lawsuit against Euroclear "" the central bank said. It added that the measures impose disproportionate restrictions on the Russian regulator's ability to protect its rights outside the EU  including through financial penalties for violating the relevant court orders. The bank also reserves all rights  claims  objections and legal remedies available to it in connection with the regulation and any other measures adopted by the EU against the central bank or its assets. On May 15  the Moscow Arbitration Court upheld the claim filed by the Russian Central Bank against Euroclear  awarding damages totaling nearly 200 billion euros. On May 26  the court granted the Russian Central Bank's request for immediate enforcement of the ruling. On June 2  the court issued a writ of execution to the Russian Central Bank. The Russian Central Bank's assets were frozen after the start of Russia's special military operation in Ukraine in 2022. The bulk of the assets is held at Belgium-based Euroclear  Europe's largest central securities depository.https://sputnikglobe.com/20260901/russia-warns-seizing-frozen-assets-amounts-to-theft--retaliation-to-follow-1124656266.htmlrussiabelgiumukraineSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 602026Sputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Newsen_ENSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 601920 1080 true1920 1440 true1920 1920 trueSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Sputnik Internationalrussia  europe  belgium  ukraine  european union (eu)  russian central bank  bank of russia  assets  frozen assets",neutral,0.0,0.58,0.41,negative,0.0,0.4,0.6,True,English,"['Russian Central Bank', 'EU Regulation', '$230Bln Claim', 'Euroclear', 'largest central securities depository', 'The Russian Central Bank', 'belgium ukraine european union', 'special military operation', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'Russian court decisions', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'relevant court orders', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Belgium-based Euroclear depository', 'Russian regulator', 'legal remedies', 'General Court', 'Sputnik International', '200 billion euros', 'direct attempt', 'financial penalties', 'immediate enforcement', 'Rossiya Segodnya', '$230Bln Claim', 'disproportionate restrictions', 'other measures', 'frozen assets', 'world russia', 'russia belgium', 'EU Regulation', 'russia assets', 'sputnikglobe', 'russian-central-bank-challenges', 'Thursday', 'cdn1.', 'application', 'September', 'recognition', 'countries', 'Article', 'Council', 'July', 'document', 'ruling', 'lawsuit', 'ability', 'rights', 'claims', 'objections', 'connection', 'May', 'damages', 'request', 'June', 'writ', 'execution', 'start', 'bulk', 'retaliation', 'sputniknews', 'MIA']",2026-09-17,2026-09-18,sputnikglobe.com
57424,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/library/news/russia/2026/09/russia-260917-sputnik01.htm,Russian Central Bank Challenges EU Regulation Blocking $230Bln Claim Against Euroclear,The Russian Central Bank on Thursday challenged an EU regulation that prevents it from recovering 200 billion euros ($229.8 billion) from the Belgium-based Euroclear depository  which has indefinitely frozen Russian sovereign assets.,"Russian Central Bank Challenges EU Regulation Blocking $230Bln Claim Against Euroclear20260917MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Russian Central Bank on Thursday challenged an EU regulation that prevents it from recovering 200 billion euros ($229.8 billion) from the Belgium-based Euroclear depository  which has indefinitely frozen Russian sovereign assets.Earlier in the day  the Russian regulator said that it had filed an application on September 15 with the General Court of the EU  challenging restrictions on recognition of Russian court decisions in all countries  which concerned Article 1(28) of Regulation of the Council of the European Union of July 23  2026 No. 2026/1848.""The document is a direct attempt to interfere in the ongoing legal proceedings in Belgium and prevent the Bank of Russia from enforcing a ruling by the Moscow Arbitration Court issued in the Bank of Russia's lawsuit against Euroclear "" the central bank said.It added that the measures impose disproportionate restrictions on the Russian regulator's ability to protect its rights outside the EU  including through financial penalties for violating the relevant court orders.""The measures in question are inconsistent  in particular  with the principles of access to justice  legal certainty  and the principle of immunity of states and central banks. Furthermore  the mechanism provided for in the regulation to prohibit actions in any jurisdiction is extraterritorial in nature  which cannot be considered lawful "" the Bank of Russia said.The bank also reserves all rights  claims  objections and legal remedies available to it in connection with the regulation and any other measures adopted by the EU against the central bank or its assets.On May 15  the Moscow Arbitration Court upheld the claim filed by the Russian Central Bank against Euroclear  awarding damages totaling nearly 200 billion euros. On May 26  the court granted the Russian Central Bank's request for immediate enforcement of the ruling. On June 2  the court issued a writ of execution to the Russian Central Bank.The Russian Central Bank's assets were frozen after the start of Russia's special military operation in Ukraine in 2022. The bulk of the assets is held at Belgium-based Euroclear  Europe's largest central securities depository.© SputnikNEWS LETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address",neutral,0.0,0.58,0.41,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Russian Central Bank', 'EU Regulation', '$230Bln Claim', 'Euroclear', 'GlobalSecurity.org mailing list', 'largest central securities depository', 'The Russian Central Bank', 'special military operation', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'Russian court decisions', 'relevant court orders', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'Belgium-based Euroclear depository', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Russian regulator', 'central banks', 'legal certainty', 'legal remedies', 'General Court', '200 billion euros', 'European Union', 'direct attempt', 'financial penalties', 'immediate enforcement', 'NEWS LETTER', 'Email Address', '$230Bln Claim', 'disproportionate restrictions', 'other measures', 'EU Regulation', 'Sputnik', 'Thursday', 'application', 'September', 'recognition', 'countries', 'Article', 'Council', 'July', 'document', 'ruling', 'lawsuit', 'ability', 'rights', 'question', 'principles', 'access', 'justice', 'immunity', 'states', 'mechanism', 'actions', 'jurisdiction', 'nature', 'claims', 'objections', 'connection', 'May', 'damages', 'request', 'June', 'writ', 'execution', 'start', 'Ukraine', 'bulk', '©']",2026-09-17,2026-09-18,globalsecurity.org
57425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sobi-and-innate-announce-partnership-is-now-effective-following-completion-of-closing-conditions-302881377.html,Sobi and Innate announce partnership is now effective following completion of closing conditions,"STOCKHOLM  Sept. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) and Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH) (NASDAQ: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"") today announced that the previously announced strategic partnership with Innate is now e…","STOCKHOLM  Sept. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) and Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH) (NASDAQ: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"") today announced that the previously announced strategic partnership with Innate is now effective following the expiration of applicable antitrust waiting periods and completion of other conditions.On the 10th of August 2026  Sobi entered a strategic partnership to enable initiation of the TELLOMAK-3 confirmatory Phase 3 study in cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL)  a key step toward filing for accelerated approval of lacutamab in Sézary syndrome  a subtype of CTCL with first patient expected Q1 2027.Under the agreement  Innate will conduct the TELLOMAK-3 Phase 3 confirmatory trial in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma to support a planned accelerated approval filing for Sézary syndrome. The planned TELLOMAK-3 study will support applications for full approvals in key jurisdictions in Sézary syndrome and mycosis fungoides  the most common subtype. Sobi will receive exclusive global rights to commercialise lacutamab upon potential accelerated approval and will be eligible to assume full global development rights following positive Phase 3 results.Under the terms of the agreement  Sobi will pay Innate Pharma USD 75 million upon the partnership becoming effective. Innate will be eligible to receive up to a further USD 40 million in respect of near-term development milestones connected to Sezary syndrome. Additionally  Innate will be eligible to receive up to USD 465 million related to the option for Sobi to get full development rights and to future regulatory and commercial milestones. Innate will be eligible to receive tiered double-digit royalties on net sales.Sobi®Sobi is a global biopharma company unlocking the potential of breakthrough innovations  transforming everyday life for people living with rare diseases. Sobi has approximately 2 000 employees across Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia and Australia. In 2025  revenue amounted to SEK 28 billion. Sobi's share (STO: SOBI) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. More about Sobi at sobi.com and LinkedIn.ContactsFor details on how to contact the Sobi Investor Relations Team  please click here. For Sobi Media contacts  click here.Gerard TobinHead of Investor RelationsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com.https://news.cision.com/swedish-orphan-biovitrum-ab/r/sobi-and-innate-announce-partnership-is-now-effective-following-completion-of-closing-conditions c4397055The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['closing conditions', 'Sobi', 'Innate', 'partnership', 'completion', 'applicable antitrust waiting periods', 'cutaneous T cell lymphoma', 'TELLOMAK-3 Phase 3 confirmatory trial', 'TELLOMAK-3 confirmatory Phase 3 study', 'full global development rights', 'Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB', 'Sobi Investor Relations Team', 'cutaneous T-cell lymphoma', 'exclusive global rights', 'full development rights', 'positive Phase 3 results', 'tiered double-digit royalties', 'near-term development milestones', 'Sézary syndrome', 'global biopharma company', 'accelerated approval filing', 'potential accelerated approval', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'TELLOMAK-3 study', 'Sobi Media contacts', 'full approvals', 'Sezary syndrome', 'commercial milestones', 'Euronext Paris', 'other conditions', 'key step', 'first patient', 'key jurisdictions', 'mycosis fungoides', 'future regulatory', 'net sales', 'breakthrough innovations', 'everyday life', 'rare diseases', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Gerard Tobin', 'following files', 'strategic partnership', 'common subtype', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'news.cision', 'Sobi®', 'PRNewswire', 'IPH', 'expiration', 'completion', '10th', 'August', 'initiation', 'CTCL', 'lacutamab', 'agreement', 'applications', 'terms', 'respect', 'option', 'people', '2,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'revenue', 'SEK', 'share', 'LinkedIn', 'details', 'Head', 'information', 'closing-conditions', 'download']",2026-09-17,2026-09-18,prnewswire.com
57426,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oci-nv-statement-regarding-an-open-letter-from-shareholders-302881598.html,OCI N.V. statement regarding an open letter from shareholders,"AMSTERDAM  Sept. 17  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- OCI Global N.V. (""OCI"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext: OCI) confirms that on 16 September 2026 it received from Oceanwood Capital Management LLP the attached open letter  written on behalf of a group of three shareholder…","AMSTERDAM  Sept. 17  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- OCI Global N.V. (""OCI"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext: OCI) confirms that on 16 September 2026 it received from Oceanwood Capital Management LLP the attached open letter  written on behalf of a group of three shareholders in the Company. OCI is publishing the letter for information purposes only  without comment or endorsement.Annex – Open letter to the Board of OCI Global N.V.  16 September 2026View PDF OCI N.V. statement regarding an open letter from shareholdersABOUT OCI GLOBALLearn more about OCI at www.oci-global.com. You can also follow OCI on LinkedIn.SOURCE OCI NV",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['OCI N.V. statement', 'open letter', 'shareholders', 'Oceanwood Capital Management LLP', 'OCI N.V. statement', 'OCI Global N.V.', 'SOURCE OCI NV', 'information purposes', 'open letter', 'three shareholders', 'AMSTERDAM', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'Euronext', '16 September', 'behalf', 'group', 'comment', 'endorsement', 'Annex', 'Board', 'PDF', 'LinkedIn']",2026-09-17,2026-09-18,prnewswire.com
57427,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2162925/greek-shipping-industry-turns-to-euronext-athens/,Greek shipping industry turns to Euronext Athens,The Greek shipping community is turning its attention to Euronext Athens.Safe Bulkers  owned by Polys V. Hajioannou  made the first move. The company pursued a secondary listing of its…Greek shipping industry turns to Euronext Athens - Η ΝΑΥΤΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΗ,The Greek shipping community is turning its attention to Euronext Athens.Safe Bulkers  owned by Polys V. Hajioannou  made the first move. The company pursued a secondary listing of its…Greek shipping industry turns to Euronext Athens - Η ΝΑΥΤΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΗ,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Greek shipping industry', 'Euronext Athens', 'Greek shipping community', 'Polys V. Hajioannou', 'Greek shipping industry', 'Euronext Athens', 'Safe Bulkers', 'first move', 'secondary listing', 'attention', 'company', 'Η']",2026-09-17,2026-09-18,naftemporiki.gr
57428,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2162652/star-bulk-raises-e107-8-million-in-euronext-athens-listing-amid-strong-investor-demand/,Star Bulk raises €107.8 million in Euronext Athens listing amid strong investor demand,Star Bulk Carriers Corp. raised €107.8 million through its listing on Euronext Athens under the ticker SBLK  drawing strong demand from investors.According to a statement by Euronext  the listing…Star Bulk raises €107.8 million in Euronext Athens listing am…,Star Bulk Carriers Corp. raised €107.8 million through its listing on Euronext Athens under the ticker SBLK  drawing strong demand from investors.According to a statement by Euronext  the listing…Star Bulk raises €107.8 million in Euronext Athens listing am…,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Athens listing', 'strong investor demand', 'Star Bulk', 'Star Bulk Carriers Corp.', 'Euronext Athens listing', 'ticker SBLK', 'strong demand', 'investors', 'statement']",2026-09-17,2026-09-18,naftemporiki.gr
57429,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/17/samaras-kasidiaris-and-the-far-right-apartment-building-the-difficult-winter-and-mitsotakiss-measures-the-center-left-salad-and-the-new-nikos-the-kamba-villa-and-dimand/,Samaras  Kasidiaris and the far-right apartment building  the difficult winter and Mitsotakis’s measures  the center-left salad and the “new Nikos ” the Kamba villa and Dimand,The country’s fifth systemic bank & Greece as an infrastructure platform for Europe’s AIThe post Samaras  Kasidiaris and the far-right apartment building  the difficult winter and Mitsotakis’s measures  the center-left salad and the “new Nikos ” the Kamba vi…,Newsroom September 17 09:38Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  I was writing to you yesterday as well that the most interesting finding in the latest polls is Kasidiaris. And this is because the specific person  without having even formed a party yet—and without our knowing constitutionally whether he can or cannot do so—has swept up the numbers on the right and far right  apart from New Democracy  that is  votes that under no circumstances would go to the governing party. By contrast  for example  in one of the polls three weeks ago  Samaras was measured at 4% in voting intention and at 5% to 6% in the estimate  whereas now  following Kasidiaris’s announcement  he (the former prime minister) is measured at just 3.2%. But what is the “problem”? That the votes Kasidiaris may receive  because they come from people who would not even go to the polls  raise the electoral threshold  with the result that this does not benefit the first party. On the other hand  of course  can you imagine Samaras thinking that if he himself forms a party he will run the risk of entering Parliament  while the man he himself put in prison years ago  Kasidiaris  could get as much as 8%? I did  of course  ask my source at the Maximos Mansion about all this  and he replied that “the analysis being made on the matter is correct  but of course it is still far too early to see what will happen with these two cases.” In any event  it is true that Kasidiaris is sweeping up the far-right wing  and the entire political system knows this.The difficult winter and Mitsotakis’s support measuresIt may have gone somewhat under the radar  but during his appearance in Parliament yesterday  K.M. warned of a “difficult winter” ahead. The basic problem facing the government  but also all European governments  is that the pressure is coming from two directions  both from the Gulf and from the war in Ukraine  and there are not many national resources available  while at the same time there appears to be no willingness for a comprehensive European intervention that would give the member states some breathing room. In other words  everyone will have to get themselves out of trouble on their own. A first discussion took place yesterday among the Mitsotakis-Hatzidakis-Pierrakakis-Papastavrou circle  and decisions for October are expected shortly  while Petralia  who controls the purse strings  is once again running the numbers to see the country through the winter. In any case  Greece will not be among the countries imposing a new extraordinary levy on refineries. And  from what it appears  the measure will not be mandatory at European level either. Today  in the interview Mitsotakis will give  he will announce support measures for households with regard to energy ahead of the winter. “No one will be left alone ” he will say.Center-left saladAnd while the government has various difficulties  things in the center-left resemble a salad. The appearance of leader Nikos from Thessaloniki and his message about an autonomous course was abruptly undermined by MP Panas  who estimated that post-election cooperation with Alexis Tsipras’s EL.A.S. could take place  only to receive a rebuke from Harilaou Trikoupi. And as if Panas were not enough  Vasia Anastasiou also appeared yesterday to say that PASOK could cooperate with the remnants of SYRIZA on the basis of their programmatic priorities  not with the individuals. Obviously  things cannot work this way  which is why PASOK remains stuck at the same levels  without capitalizing on the evident ceiling in the momentum of its leader  Alexis. Since I mention Alexis  I hear that Mayor Haris Doukas sat down and grabbed a quick bite with Alexis Charitsis  who is preparing for Tsipras’s party  immediately after the political funeral of Spyros Chalvatzis. Now  you will tell me that one meal by itself means nothing  but when you are constantly meeting with someone  obviously you also have something to say to one another politically.And PASOK…rebrandingSince we are on the subject of the opposition  they say that our Nikos in PASOK  so that he cannot say we are not paying him any attention  was encouraged by the two polls by Pulse and Opinion Poll  which give him a slight rise  and is now waiting for Marc and Metron Analysis to see whether there is some kind of trend. I am told that he has also changed his communications firm or adviser (he had Sefertzis and then Kousoulis)  as well as his speechwriter. If  among many other things  he also changes his political pattern  I would say he might have reason to hope that he will get something  but he knows best.Pre-election clashesAnd in New Democracy  of course  pre-election nerves are also stretched tight. After Minister Kerameos—who was the first to rush to disagree with Marinakis’s idea for the unemployment benefit—Dimitris Kairidis also came forward yesterday. What do all these people have in common? The pre-election arena of the Northern Sector of Athens B’  where there is a real slaughter. And Flōridis’s appearance in Thessaloniki  however  has also activated the reflexes of all the players  who realize that there will be a real battle over preference votes. It is said  however  that some also have alternative plans  with an eye on local government  since those elections are coming in 2028  after the national elections.The bargaining over the European budgetAt the European Parliament at the beginning of the week was Deputy Minister for European Affairs Tasos Hatzivasiliou  who met with President Roberta Metsola and heads of committees and groups  as he continues at an intensive pace the preparations for the Greek presidency and at the same time is dealing with the hot issue of the day: negotiations over the EU Budget for the 2028–2034 period. Greece’s position is in favor of an ambitious plan without across-the-board cuts. The same position is shared by 17 EU countries that make up the Friends of Cohesion group. Opposing them is the bloc of the “frugal” countries (Germany  Austria  Denmark  etc.)  which are calling for lower common expenditure. It is obvious that there will be considerable discussion of the issue at the October Summit  while Hatzivasiliou also briefed the President of the Republic on the matter yesterday.The figures on demographic pressureGreece’s demographic balance remained strongly negative in the first quarter of 2026  despite a marginal recovery in births and a reduction in deaths. Live births amounted to 15 946  an increase of 0.4% compared with the 15 889 recorded in 2025. During the same period  based on the first 13 weeks of the year  deaths fell to 33 113 from 34 130  marking a decline of 3.0%. Despite the relative improvement  deaths remained more than twice as numerous as births: for every birth  there were approximately 2.08 deaths. The natural decrease in the population amounted to approximately 17 167 people  compared with 18 241 in the corresponding period of 2025  a reduction of 1 074 people  or 5.9%. The figures show that demographic pressure eased slightly  without  however  altering the basic picture of the large gap between births and deaths. According to official data from the Ministry of the Interior  43% of Greeks state that they have at least one pet in their home. The number of registered dogs and cats in Greece has exceeded the total number of children and adolescents (aged 0–14)  who  based on the latest censuses  are estimated at approximately 1.32 million.No (new) extension for the Swiss-franc arrangementTime is running out for borrowers who have a loan in Swiss francs and want to take advantage of the arrangement that has been established. The decision of the Ministry of Finance appears to be final and  consequently  no new extension until the end of the year is expected  as had initially been estimated. Under the new circumstances  those concerned have a clear deadline by which to decide whether to join the arrangement  namely September 30  2026. If they do so  they convert their mortgage loan from Swiss francs into euros and can benefit from the tiered “haircut” on the debt  depending on the relevant criteria. The process is in its final stretch and so far approximately 65% of borrowers have responded. It is estimated that the percentage could reach approximately 70% as we approach the expiry of the deadline.The Kampa villa and DIMANDAfter decades of abandonment  the historic Kampa villa in Kantza is acquiring a new lease on life. Crews from a construction company have already begun cleaning the property; rubbish and debris are being removed  and trees that had grown even inside the building are being uprooted  since its roof had collapsed. The reconstruction of the villa is just one part of the €440 million investment that Dimand will implement at the Kampa Estate  with completion targeted within the next four years. According to the Environmental Impact Assessment that has been put out for public consultation  the Campas Gardens development  with a total built-up area of approximately 92 000 sq. m.  including ancillary spaces  is estimated to accommodate approximately 7 000 employees and visitors on a daily basis. At the heart of the plan is an office complex (Office Park)  complemented by commercial uses and dining  while the restoration and adaptive reuse of the historic Kampa Winery as a cultural hub is also planned  as well as the showcasing of the old Kantza Railway Station. The project also includes a small hospitality unit  extensive green spaces  sports facilities  vineyards and olive groves. Financing is expected to consist of 35% private capital and 65% bank lending.Kri Kri: Frozen yogurt and the exaggeration over a €1.1 billion market capitalizationIn yesterday’s session  Kri Kri rose 3.15% and closed at €32.70  with an intraday high of €33.25  reaching a new all-time record. Trading activity was increased  with turnover approaching €1.4 million and the company’s total market capitalization now approaching €1.1 billion. Kri Kri is unquestionably a good company with good prospects  but €1.1 billion is too much  even if Americans and Chinese eat frozen yogurt from morning till night. With strong upward momentum  the share of Euronext Athens also rose 3.55%  closing at €8.47  a level not seen in 18 years. The share is now targeting the psychological €9 level  which it last touched in June 2008.Qualco: Strong backlog “points to” acceleration in the second halfQualco Group closed the first half with double-digit revenue growth  but profitability absorbed the cost of the next phase of expansion. Sales increased by 14% to €101.1 million  while adjusted EBITDA rose 3% to €13.4 million  with the margin declining to 13.2%. The pressure on margins is mainly linked to increased investment in project-delivery capabilities  Artificial Intelligence and dual-use technologies  while at the adjusted bottom-line level a small loss of €0.6 million was recorded. The substance  however  lies more in what is coming. International revenues grew by 24% and reached €32.1 million  now accounting for almost one-third of turnover. Even more important is the five-year backlog of €762 million  with 44% coming from international customers  providing significant visibility for the coming years. Management is maintaining its target of approximately 15% revenue growth for 2026 as a whole and an EBITDA margin close to 20%  banking on strong seasonality  since approximately 60% of annual revenue is generated in the second half. At the same time  it expects a return to positive operating cash flows and a reduction in leverage to around 1x by year-end.Piraeus Bank: Strong signal with €100 million turnover ahead of the rebalancingRising and playing a leading role in the banking sector  Piraeus Bank’s share closed at €10.69  approaching the year’s high of €10.80 and reaching levels not seen since March 2021. Trading activity was impressive  with turnover reaching €99.05 million and volume 9.23 million shares  a level not seen in eight months. A key feature of the session was the 10 block trades with a total value of €50.3 million  confirming the strong positioning of institutional portfolios. The intense activity is serving as a precursor to the forthcoming index restructuring (rebalancing) next Friday.One in every four euros spent at the market is on a promotional productCircana yesterday published its Market View for the first seven months of 2026  accompanied by a reassuring headline  namely that the value of sales of fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) in supermarkets rose by 5.6%. Turnover rose to €8.39 billion from €7.95 billion  with volumes up 3.6% and the average price up just 1.6%  while inflation over the same period was running at around 4%. Consequently  the report says  the gap between the value and volume of sales is narrowing. The interesting message  however  is hidden on two other pages. Some 26.2% of sales value now passes through temporary price reductions  up 1.5 percentage points in one year. For food  the figure is 27.1%  an increase of 1.9 percentage points. Put simply  one in every four euros at the checkout is spent on a product that is on promotion. Also  the share of private-label products has stalled at 27.2%  unchanged from last year and — for the first time “in a long while” — branded products are growing at the same rate (+5.2%). In 2025  non-branded products (private label) were growing at +7.5%  compared with +4.8%. This means that multinationals have stopped the erosion of their market shares not through lower shelf prices but through more promotional activity and offers. The average price of food rose 2%  non-alcoholic beverages 4.7%  and snacks 3%. Promotions kept consumers buying branded products without price reductions. In addition  Circana found that hypermarkets (over 2 500 sq. m.) are growing at +8.2% and small stores (up to 400 sq. m.) at +7.1%  while medium-sized supermarkets (1 000–2 500 sq. m.)  which account for 43.4% of the market  remain at +4.8%.When Attiki Odos measures the economyFrom yesterday’s conference call between GEK TERNA management and analysts  we learned that toll-road traffic on Attiki Odos in July and August increased by approximately 2.5%  roughly in line with the first half (+2.4%)  despite the fact that gasoline was more expensive because of Hormuz and Athenians were supposedly on the islands. ELSTAT has no better indicator of how the Attica economy is performing during the summer. The concession’s operating leverage turned the +2.4% increase in traffic into +7.7% EBITDA in the first half. We also learned from the conference call that construction margins did not move. Neither up nor down  but remained “the same ” in a year when energy and materials costs are putting pressure on the sector. The explanation lies in the composition of the €8.9 billion remaining backlog. 54% consists of the group’s own investments and 25% of private projects for third parties.The country’s fifth systemic bankSince 2013  Greece has had four systemic banks. At yesterday’s Investors Day  CrediaBank’s management gave a date for the fifth systemic bank. By the end of the year  it aims to come under the direct supervision of the European Central Bank. The route is known and runs through Malta. The acquisition of 70.03% of HSBC Malta (€200 million  0.48x TBV) doubles the €8.5 billion balance sheet and activates the SSM criteria. Closing is scheduled for the first quarter of 2027  with approvals expected in the fourth quarter of 2026. Management’s targets also include increasing market share from 3.5% today to 7% in 2030. A doubling in four years  in a market where the four major banks share more than 90%. The targets include loans of more than €11 billion in the medium term and €14 billion in the long term  net profits of more than €225 million and subsequently €325 million  NIM of 3%  cost-to-income of 30–40%  CET1 above 15%  and a dividend from 2026 profits. Credit expansion in the first half (€841 million) is running at a multiple of the system’s rate  while the absorption of Evropa Holdings adds bancassurance.The 89 and the club that is getting smallerRemember one number from the new Petrofin Research survey. Not the 6 822 ships  nor the 493.5 million dwt of the Greek-owned fleet. Remember 89. That is now the number of Greek shipping groups exceeding 1 million dwt  and together they control 80.81% of total capacity. And here lies a story that does not make as much noise as the multibillion-dollar orders at Asian shipyards. Greek shipping is growing  but at the same time it is becoming more concentrated. There are now 587 companies  compared with 588 last year  but the interesting point is not the difference of one company. It is about who can withstand a game that is becoming increasingly expensive. Because today it is not enough to have two or three good ships and good relationships with charterers. You need access to financing  technical infrastructure  purchasing power  people for regulatory and compliance matters and  of course  capital for newer tonnage. Petrofin itself points out that economies of scale favor the larger players  while smaller owners  particularly those with aging fleets  are under greater pressure. And now add to the equation the 679 newbuildings owned by Greeks  with total capacity of 60.4 million dwt. The next day  therefore  may not be decided solely by who will order more ships. It will also be decided by who will be able to remain at the table. But the number of chairs is shrinking.The Iranian “blacklist” and the Greek headacheUntil now  the main fear of Greek shipowners in Hormuz was one thing: that one of their ships might be hit. Now another  more complex fear has been added. That the ship might end up on the wrong list. Tehran has raised to 77 the number of vessels it considers to have violated its own rules for transiting the Strait. Among them are vessels with Greek interests. The truly worrying part  however  is in the “fine print.” The Iranians are not only threatening fines  detention or even seizure during a future transit. They warn that ships cooperating with those already listed can also be added to the list  including through ship-to-ship transfers  while insurers  P&I Clubs and classification societies are also being brought into the picture. And this is where the Greek headache begins. Greek-owned shipping is so large and so heavily present in tankers that a blacklist acquiring chain-like characteristics could create operational complications far beyond the vessels actually named on it. This does not mean that Greek-owned shipping is under Iranian sanctions. It does mean  however  that every fixture  every STS and every passage through Hormuz now requires one more check. Who is on the other side  and on which list are they registered? In shipping  ultimately  it appears that blacklist risk has become part of voyage planning.Greece as an infrastructure platform for Europe’s AIYesterday  a five-page “executive brief” was circulated by the U.S. Greece Trade & Investment Council  with a title that could be rendered as “From the backlash against Artificial Intelligence to a new transatlantic opportunity” for Greece. In the third section  “Strategic Message to Washington ” the report’s central narrative says that Greece has a unique opportunity to position itself as a “reliable strategic infrastructure platform” at the convergence of energy  Artificial Intelligence  connectivity and data management. Ahead of the November elections in America  Alexandros Kostopoulos of FORESIGHT records the backlash emerging in six states (Virginia  Texas  California  Illinois  Georgia and Ohio)  where hyperscale facilities  the revival of nuclear energy through small modular reactors  and the concentration of capital among a few “technology and energy” business groups have opened a major debate over the cost of electricity. The conclusion is that the next phase of Artificial Intelligence infrastructure will be built “outside overburdened  politically contested domestic markets.” The report refers to the Pax Silica instrument  the State Department initiative (December 2025) for “trusted” AI supply chains. Greece signed the Declaration at the June 25–26 summit in Washington  together with the EU  Germany and the Netherlands. There are 24 members in total. The proposal of the U.S. Greece Trade & Investment Council is for Greece to become a major infrastructure platform and for the Vertical Corridor to serve as the “backbone” of the digital and defense architecture of the Balkans  with an eye toward the reconstruction of Ukraine. At the end  eight strategic players are mentioned as potential leading participants in this effort: PPC  METLEN  HELLENiQ Energy  Motor Oil  AKTOR  AVAX  Hellenic Cables and the Copelouzos Group.,neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,mixed,0.08,0.2,0.73,True,English,"['right apartment building', 'difficult winter', 'center-left salad', 'new Nikos', 'Kamba villa', 'Samaras', 'Kasidiaris', 'far', 'Mitsotakis', 'measures', 'Dimand', 'many national resources', 'EL.A.S.', 'Mayor Haris Doukas', 'former prime minister', 'entire political system', 'comprehensive European intervention', 'new extraordinary levy', 'many other things', 'Minister Kerameos', 'New Democracy', 'other hand', 'European governments', 'other words', 'European level', 'political funeral', 'political pattern', 'Protothema.gr', 'interesting finding', 'specific person', 'voting intention', 'electoral threshold', 'Maximos Mansion', 'two cases', 'far-right wing', 'support measures', 'K.M.', 'two directions', 'same time', 'member states', 'breathing room', 'first discussion', 'Mitsotakis-Hatzidakis-Pierrakakis-Papastavrou circle', 'purse strings', 'various difficulties', 'autonomous course', 'post-election cooperation', 'Harilaou Trikoupi', 'Vasia Anastasiou', 'programmatic priorities', 'same levels', 'evident ceiling', 'quick bite', 'Spyros Chalvatzis', 'Opinion Poll', 'slight rise', 'communications firm', 'Pre-election clashes', 'pre-election nerves', 'unemployment benefit', 'Dimitris Kairidis', 'pre-election arena', 'Northern Sector', 'Athens B', 'real slaughter', 'Flōridis', 'latest polls', 'difficult winter', 'basic problem', 'MP Panas', 'Alexis Charitsis', 'one meal', 'two polls', 'Metron Analysis', 'governing party', 'first party', 'Center-left salad', 'leader Nikos', 'Alexis Tsipras', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'Kasidiaris', 'numbers', 'votes', 'circumstances', 'contrast', 'example', 'Samaras', 'estimate', 'announcement', 'people', 'result', 'risk', 'Parliament', 'prison', 'matter', 'event', 'radar', 'appearance', 'pressure', 'Gulf', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'willingness', 'everyone', 'trouble', 'place', 'decisions', 'October', 'Petralia', 'country', 'Greece', 'countries', 'refineries', 'interview', 'households', 'regard', 'energy', 'Thessaloniki', 'message', 'rebuke', 'PASOK', 'remnants', 'SYRIZA', 'basis', 'individuals', 'momentum', 'someone', 'something', 'rebranding', 'subject', 'opposition', 'attention', 'Pulse', 'Marc', 'kind', 'trend', 'adviser', 'Sefertzis', 'Kousoulis', 'speechwriter', 'reason', 'Marinakis', 'idea', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-09-17,2026-09-18,en.protothema.gr
