UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
24386,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shares-noho-partners-oyj-registered-070000645.html,The new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy,NoHo Partners OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 5 MAY 2023 10:00 EETThe new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book...,NoHo Partners OyjNoHo Partners OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 5 MAY 2023 10:00 EETThe new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland OyThe Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Oyj has on 3 May 2023 resolved on a directed share issue without payment to the key employees of the company in order to pay the reward for the third earning period of the long-term share-based incentive plan from 1 December 2021 to 31 March 2023. The stock exchange release concerning the directed share issue without payment was published on 3 May 2023.A total of 106 877 new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj subscribed in the directed share issue without payment have been registered into the Trade Register on 5 May 2023 and admitted into the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy. Following the registration of the new shares  the total number of shares in NoHo Partners Oyj is 20 806 678. The new shares are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. on or about 9 May 2023.NoHo Partners OyjBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Aku Vikström  CEO  NoHo Partners Oyj  puh. +358 44 235 7817Jarno Suominen  deputy to the CEO  NoHo Partners Oyj  puh. +358 40 721 5655Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor media outletswww.noho.fiNoHo Partners Plc is a Finnish group established in 1996  specialising in restaurant services. The company  which was listed on Nasdaq Helsinki in 2013 and became the first Finnish listed restaurant company  has continued to grow strongly throughout its history. The Group companies include some 250 restaurants in Finland  Denmark and Norway. The well-known restaurant concepts of the company include Elite  Savoy  Teatteri  Sea Horse  Stefan’s Steakhouse  Palace  Löyly  Hanko Aasia  Friends & Brgrs  Campingen and Cock’s & Cows. Depending on the season  the Group employs approximately 2 300 people converted into full-time employees. The Group aims to achieve turnover of MEUR 400 by the end of 2024. The company’s vision is to be the leading restaurant company in Northern Europe.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NoHo Partners Oyj', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'new shares', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'first Finnish listed restaurant company', 'long-term share-based incentive plan', 'NoHo Partners Oyj Board', 'third earning period', 'Aku Vikström', 'Major media outlets', 'NoHo Partners Plc', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'stock exchange release', 'leading restaurant company', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'The Group companies', 'Finnish group', 'restaurant services', 'restaurant concepts', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'key employees', 'official list', 'Additional information', 'Jarno Suominen', 'Sea Horse', 'Löyly', 'Hanko Aasia', 'full-time employees', 'Northern Europe', 'new shares', 'total number', 'share issue', 'MAY', 'Directors', 'payment', 'order', 'reward', '1 December', '31 March', 'registration', 'CEO', 'deputy', 'Distribution', 'history', '250 restaurants', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'Elite', 'Savoy', 'Teatteri', 'Stefan', 'Steakhouse', 'Palace', 'Friends', 'Brgrs', 'Campingen', 'Cock', 'Cows', 'season', '2,300 people', 'turnover', 'MEUR', 'vision']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24387,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-general-meeting-valoe-corporation-190000464.html,NOTICE TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF VALOE CORPORATION,Stock Exchange Release 5 May 2023 at 22.00 Finnish time Notice is given to the shareholders of Valoe Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on ...,Valoe OyjStock Exchange Release 5 May 2023 at 22.00 Finnish timeNotice is given to the shareholders of Valoe Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 26 May 2023 at 11:30 (Finnish time) at the Concert and Congress Hall Mikaeli at Sointukatu 1  50100 Mikkeli  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 11:00 (Finnish time).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the group financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022 and the review by the CEO7. Adoption of the financial statements and the group financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the loss for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 is entered in retained earnings and that no dividend will be distributed.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies 2022. According to the Companies Act  the resolution is advisory.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors12. Resolution on the remuneration and principles for travelling cost payments of the members of the Board of DirectorsAs part of the remuneration of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on option rights  pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  to be given to the Directors of the Board so that  following the share subscriptions based on option rights  the number of the shares in the Company could increase by a total maximum amount of 30 million shares. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for a stock option scheme directed to the Directors of the Board during the financial year 2023. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 31 December 2023.Story continuesIt is proposed that based on this authorization  15 million option rights would be given to the Chairman of the Board  and to the other Board members 7.5 million option rights per member.The subscription price for shares subscribed for based on the option rights would be EUR 0.03 per share. Based on the option rights  shares could be subscribed for until 31 December 2025.The exercise of options granted to the Board of Directors based on this authorization would be conditional on the company's operating cash flow being positive in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2023.13. Election of members of the Board of Directors14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor15. Election of auditor16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue as well as other option rights and other special rights entitling to shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue with and/or without payment  either in one or in several occasions  including right to resolve on option rights and other rights entitling to shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act so that the number of new shares issued based on the authorization or number of shares issued based on option rights and other special rights entitling to the shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish companies Act  could increase by a total maximum amount of 200 000 000 shares. The authorization does not exclude the Board’s right to decide also on directed issue of shares or option rights and other special rights pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for important arrangements from the company’s point of view e.g. to strengthen the capital structure  to finance investments  for acquisitions and business transactions or other business arrangements  or to expand ownership structure  or for other purposes resolved by the Board involving a weighty financial reason for issuing shares or option rights or special rights entitling to shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The share issue may be executed by deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right provided the company has a weighty financial reason for that. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 30 June 2024.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on option rights to the company’s personnel and CEOThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on option rights pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act so that  following the share subscriptions based on option rights  the number of the shares in the Company could increase by a total maximum amount of 30 million shares. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for a stock option scheme directed to the company’s personnel and CEO during the financial year 2023. It is proposed that the Board of Directors would be entitled to decide on the other terms of the option rights. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 31 December 2023.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this Notice to the General Meeting are available on Valoe Corporation’s website at www.valoe.com.The latest financial statements  the latest group financial statements  the latest report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report of Valoe Corporation  and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies are available on the above-mentioned website.The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this Notice to the General Meeting will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 9 June 2023.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on 15 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 23 May 2023 by 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) by giving a prior notice of participation which shall be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date. Such notice can be given:(a) by e-mail to the email address minna.wilkman@valoe.com(b) by telephone to the number +358 40 5600 530 (Minna Wilkman) from Monday to Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time); or(c) by regular mail to the address Valoe Corporation  Minna Wilkman  Insinöörinkatu 8  50150 Mikkeli  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Valoe Corporation is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove her/her identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 15 May 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest by 23 May 2023 by 10:00 a.m. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to the address Valoe Corporation  Minna Wilkman  Insinöörinkatu 8  50150 Mikkeli  Finland or by email minna.wilkman@valoe.com  before the last date and time for registration.4. Other instructions/informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this Notice to the General Meeting  5 May 2023  the total number of shares in Valoe Corporation is 448.359.195 shares.In Mikkeli  on 5 May 2023Valoe CorporationBoard of DirectorsFor more information:CEO Iikka Savisalo  Valoe CorporationTel. +358 40 5216082email: iikka.savisalo@valoe.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.valoe.comValoe Corporation specializes in the clean energy  especially in photovoltaic solutions. Valoe provides automated production technology for solar modules based on the company’s own technology; production lines for modules; solar modules and special components for solar modules. Valoe's head office is located in Mikkeli  Finland.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.19,0.64,True,English,"['GENERAL MEETING', 'VALOE CORPORATION', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'Valoe Oyj Stock Exchange Release', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'stock option scheme', 'Congress Hall Mikaeli', 'travelling cost payments', 'total maximum amount', 'operating cash flow', 'weighty financial reason', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'group financial statements', 'other special rights', 'other business arrangements', 'other option rights', '15 million option rights', '7.5 million option rights', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Valoe Corporation', 'other Board members', 'other rights', 'subscription price', 'other purposes', '22.00 Finnish time', 'important arrangements', 'business transactions', 'financial year', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'Governing Bodies', 'fourth quarter', 'several occasions', 'capital structure', 'ownership structure', '30 million shares', 'share issue', 'new shares', 'Remuneration Report', '200,000,000 shares', 'Notice', '26 May', 'Concert', 'Sointukatu', '50100 Mikkeli', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'loss', '31 December', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'number', 'principles', 'part', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'subscriptions', 'Company', 'authorization', 'force', 'Story', 'Chairman', 'exercise', 'options', 'one', 'point', 'investments', 'acquisitions', '30 June', '11:30', '11:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24388,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662297/0/en/The-new-shares-of-NoHo-Partners-Oyj-have-been-registered-into-the-Trade-Register-and-the-book-entry-system-of-Euroclear-Finland-Oy.html,The new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy,NoHo Partners OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 5 MAY 2023 10:00 EETThe new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy,English FinnishNoHo Partners OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 5 MAY 2023 10:00 EETThe new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland OyThe Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Oyj has on 3 May 2023 resolved on a directed share issue without payment to the key employees of the company in order to pay the reward for the third earning period of the long-term share-based incentive plan from 1 December 2021 to 31 March 2023. The stock exchange release concerning the directed share issue without payment was published on 3 May 2023.A total of 106 877 new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj subscribed in the directed share issue without payment have been registered into the Trade Register on 5 May 2023 and admitted into the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy. Following the registration of the new shares  the total number of shares in NoHo Partners Oyj is 20 806 678. The new shares are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. on or about 9 May 2023.NoHo Partners OyjBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Aku Vikström  CEO  NoHo Partners Oyj  puh. +358 44 235 7817Jarno Suominen  deputy to the CEO  NoHo Partners Oyj  puh. +358 40 721 5655Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor media outletswww.noho.fiNoHo Partners Plc is a Finnish group established in 1996  specialising in restaurant services. The company  which was listed on Nasdaq Helsinki in 2013 and became the first Finnish listed restaurant company  has continued to grow strongly throughout its history. The Group companies include some 250 restaurants in Finland  Denmark and Norway. The well-known restaurant concepts of the company include Elite  Savoy  Teatteri  Sea Horse  Stefan’s Steakhouse  Palace  Löyly  Hanko Aasia  Friends & Brgrs  Campingen and Cock’s & Cows. Depending on the season  the Group employs approximately 2 300 people converted into full-time employees. The Group aims to achieve turnover of MEUR 400 by the end of 2024. The company’s vision is to be the leading restaurant company in Northern Europe.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NoHo Partners Oyj', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'new shares', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'first Finnish listed restaurant company', 'long-term share-based incentive plan', 'NoHo Partners Oyj Board', 'NoHo Partners Plc', 'third earning period', 'Aku Vikström', 'Major media outlets', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'stock exchange release', 'leading restaurant company', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'The Group companies', 'English Finnish', 'Finnish group', 'restaurant services', 'restaurant concepts', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'key employees', 'official list', 'Additional information', 'Jarno Suominen', 'Sea Horse', 'Löyly', 'Hanko Aasia', 'full-time employees', 'Northern Europe', 'new shares', 'total number', 'share issue', 'MAY', 'Directors', 'payment', 'order', 'reward', '1 December', '31 March', 'registration', 'CEO', 'deputy', 'Distribution', 'history', '250 restaurants', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'Elite', 'Savoy', 'Teatteri', 'Stefan', 'Steakhouse', 'Palace', 'Friends', 'Brgrs', 'Campingen', 'Cock', 'Cows', 'season', '2,300 people', 'turnover', 'MEUR', 'vision', '10:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24389,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOHO-PARTNERS-OYJ-15022453/news/The-new-shares-of-NoHo-Partners-Oyj-have-been-registered-into-the-Trade-Register-and-the-book-entry-43752727/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,The new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy,(marketscreener.com) NoHo Partners OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 5 MAY 2023 10:00 EETThe new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy The Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Oyj has…,NoHo Partners OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 5 MAY 2023 10:00 EETThe new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland OyThe Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Oyj has on 3 May 2023 resolved on a directed share issue without payment to the key employees of the company in order to pay the reward for the third earning period of the long-term share-based incentive plan from 1 December 2021 to 31 March 2023. The stock exchange release concerning the directed share issue without payment was published on 3 May 2023.A total of 106 877 new shares of NoHo Partners Oyj subscribed in the directed share issue without payment have been registered into the Trade Register on 5 May 2023 and admitted into the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy. Following the registration of the new shares  the total number of shares in NoHo Partners Oyj is 20 806 678. The new shares are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. on or about 9 May 2023.NoHo Partners OyjBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Aku Vikström  CEO  NoHo Partners Oyj  puh. +358 44 235 7817Jarno Suominen  deputy to the CEO  NoHo Partners Oyj  puh. +358 40 721 5655Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor media outletswww.noho.fiNoHo Partners Plc is a Finnish group established in 1996  specialising in restaurant services. The company  which was listed on Nasdaq Helsinki in 2013 and became the first Finnish listed restaurant company  has continued to grow strongly throughout its history. The Group companies include some 250 restaurants in Finland  Denmark and Norway. The well-known restaurant concepts of the company include Elite  Savoy  Teatteri  Sea Horse  Stefan’s Steakhouse  Palace  Löyly  Hanko Aasia  Friends & Brgrs  Campingen and Cock’s & Cows. Depending on the season  the Group employs approximately 2 300 people converted into full-time employees. The Group aims to achieve turnover of MEUR 400 by the end of 2024. The company’s vision is to be the leading restaurant company in Northern Europe.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NoHo Partners Oyj', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'new shares', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'first Finnish listed restaurant company', 'long-term share-based incentive plan', 'NoHo Partners Oyj Board', 'third earning period', 'Aku Vikström', 'Major media outlets', 'NoHo Partners Plc', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'stock exchange release', 'leading restaurant company', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'The Group companies', 'Finnish group', 'restaurant services', 'restaurant concepts', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'key employees', 'official list', 'Additional information', 'Jarno Suominen', 'Sea Horse', 'Löyly', 'Hanko Aasia', 'full-time employees', 'Northern Europe', 'new shares', 'total number', 'share issue', 'MAY', 'Directors', 'payment', 'order', 'reward', '1 December', '31 March', 'registration', 'CEO', 'deputy', 'Distribution', 'history', '250 restaurants', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'Elite', 'Savoy', 'Teatteri', 'Stefan', 'Steakhouse', 'Palace', 'Friends', 'Brgrs', 'Campingen', 'Cock', 'Cows', 'season', '2,300 people', 'turnover', 'MEUR', 'vision', '10:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24390,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-070000565.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Minesto AB,"The shareholders of Minesto AB  reg. no. 556719-4914 (""Minesto"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on...","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 5  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Minesto AB  reg. no. 556719-4914 (""Minesto"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  7 June 2023 at 3 p.m. at Hotel Riverton at the address Stora Badhusgatan 26 in Gothenburg. The entrance opens and the registration starts at 2.30 p.m.Exercise voting rights at the general meetingAny shareholder wishing to participate at the Annual General Meeting must:i. be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday 29 May 2023  and  if the shares are nominee-registered  request that the nominee register the voting rights no later than Wednesday 31 May 2023  andii. have notified their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting to the Company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Registration of personal participation or participation by proxy""  in such time that the notification is received by the Company no later than 31 May 2023.Notification of personal participation or participation by proxyShareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy shall notify the Company no later than Wednesday 31 May 2023  either:i. by e-mail to ir@minesto.com; orii. by post to Minesto AB  J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda  Sweden (mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2023"").The notification shall include name or company name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number as well as  where applicable  the number of assistants (maximum two).Anyone who does not wish to attend in person may exercise their right at the Annual General Meeting by proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent document of authorisation for the legal entity must be attached.Story continuesTo facilitate access to the Annual General Meeting powers of attorney  registration certificates and other authorisation documents should be received by the Company at the address Minesto AB  J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda (mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2023"") well in advance of the Annual General Meeting and preferably no later than Wednesday  31 May 2023.Please note that the notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting shall take place even if a shareholder wishes to exercise its rights at the Annual General Meeting by proxy. Submission of power of attorney shall not constitute a valid notification to the Annual General Meeting.A power of attorney form is available on the Company's website  www.minesto.com.Nominee registered sharesTo be entitled to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have caused their shares to be registered with a nominee must request that they be temporarily registered in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. The shareholder should provide notice to the nominee thereof in due time so that entry in the share register has taken place on Wednesday 31 May 2023.BusinessProposed agenda :1. Opening of the meeting;2. Election of chairperson of the meeting;3. Preparation and approval of the voting register;4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes;5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened;6. Approval of the agenda;7. Presentation by the CEO;8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report for the company and the group;9. Resolutions regarding:a. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet for the company and the group;b. allocation of the company's results according to the adopted balance sheet;c. discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO;10. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directors;11. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditors;12. Election of the Board of Directors;13. Election of auditor;14. Resolution regarding determination of principles for the nomination committee;15. Resolution regarding guidelines for compensation to senior executives;16. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles;17. Resolution regarding adjustment authorization;18. Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeIn accordance with the principles adopted by last year's Annual General Meeting  the nomination committee is composed of three directors  whereof two directors are appointed by the Company's largest shareholder as per 30 September 2022  and one director who has been convening. The nomination committee appoints a chairman from amongst its members.The nomination committee has consisted of Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (appointed by BGA Invest AB)  Göran Linder (appointed by Corespring New Technology AB) and Bengt Adolfsson (appointed chairman. The chairman of the nomination committee has been Git Sturesjö Adolfsson.Proposed resolutions by the nomination committee2. Election of chairperson of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes attorney Eric Ehrencrona or  in the event of an impediment  the person appointed by the nomination committee to be elected as the chair of the Annual General Meeting.10. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directorsThe nomination committee proposes that the number of directors for the period until the next Annual General Meeting is six and that one deputy director shall be appointed.11. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the fee per director elected shall be distributed as follows (the same price base amount level as last year): annual fee of four price base amounts to the chairman of the Board of Directors and annual fee of two price base amounts to directors not employed by the Company. The price-base amount per 2023 shall be applied upon resolution under this item.If the meeting resolves according to the nomination committee's proposal as regards the composition of the Board of Directors  the total fee will amount to twelve (ten) price base amounts.It is proposed that no fee shall be paid to the board of director's remuneration committee respectively auditors committee since these are made up of members of the board of directors.It is proposed that fees be paid to the auditor according to invoice approved by the Company.12. Election of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes re-election of directors of the board Bengt Adolfsson  Martin Edlund  Göran Linder  Jonas Millqvist and Git Sturesjö Adolfsson as well as new election of Joel Lybert. Andreas Gunnarsson is proposed to be re-elected as deputy director.Joel Lybert (born 1975) has a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from University of Kalmar and an IHM Advanced Certificate Business Development from IHM Business School. Johan Lybert is manging director of Granitor Systems AB and was managing director of Zander & Ingeström AB during the years 2019-2021. Joel Lybert has previously been  among other things  head of business unit industry costumer services and sales director on the business unit power and gas at Siemens during the years 2014-2019.The nomination committee proposes re-election of Jonas Millqvist as chairman of the Board of Directors.The proposed composition of the Board of Directors of the Company complies with the corporate governance code regarding independence. All directors except Martin Edlund are independent in relation to the Company and the company management. Jonas Millqvist  Martin Edlund  and Joel Lybert are independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders.13. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Ernst & Young AB (EY) as auditor of the Company. EY has informed that in the event it is re-elected  Andreas Mast will continue in his capacity as principal auditor.14. Resolution regarding determination of principles for the nomination committeeIt is proposed that the Company shall have a nominations committee consisting of three persons in accordance with last year's principles according to the following. Each of the Company's two largest shareholders in terms of voting power as of 30 September 2023 shall each have the right to appoint a member of the nomination committee. In addition  the nomination committee shall consist of the chairman of the Board of Directors who shall convene the first meeting. The nominations committee appoints the chairman of the committee.The nomination committee shall submit proposals to the 2024 Annual General Meeting for: a) election of chairman of the Annual General Meeting  b) resolution regarding number of board members  c) resolution regarding compensation to the chairman of the Board of Directors and each of the other directors d) election of board members  e) election of chairman of the board  f) resolution regarding remuneration to auditor  g) election of auditor  h) resolution regarding principles for appointing the nomination committee and i) resolution regarding principles for the nomination committee..If any of the two members of the nomination committee appointed by the two largest shareholders by voting power resign from the nomination committee prior to completion of its work  the shareholder appointing the resigning member shall have the right to appoint a new member. In case any of the two largest shareholders by voting power sells all  not only a portion  of its shares in the Company prior to the nomination committee completing its work  instead of such shareholder the third largest shareholder shall have the right to appoint a new member etc.Fees shall not be paid to members of the nomination committee. Upon request of the nomination committee  the Company shall  however  provide personnel resources to facilitate the work of the nomination committee  such as  for example  a secretary. If necessary  the Company shall also pay for other reasonable costs necessary for the work of the nomination committee.Proposed resolutions by the Board of Directors9 b. Resolution on allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company's results be allocated according to the Board of Directors' proposal in the annual report. The Board of Directors accordingly proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2022.15. Resolution regarding guidelines for compensation to senior executivesCompensation to senior managementSenior executives in the Company refer to the CEO and other members of the management group. The remuneration committee  which consists of the Board of Directors excluding the CEO  prepares the issue of adoption of guidelines for compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives  and proposes them to the board of directors.The Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for the determination of salaries and other compensation to senior management. For the purpose of ensuring that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives  the fundamental principle is that the senior executives must be offered employment terms and compensation on market terms.Salaries and other benefits: Compensation to the senior executives shall be comprised of a fixed salary and pension. The fixed salaries are normally reviewed on a calendar year basis. In addition to fixed salary  a variable salary may be implemented under the pre-requisite that the variable part never exceeds 25 percent of the yearly salary. In addition  senior management shall be entitled to customary non-monetary benefits such as  company cars and occupational healthcare. Other benefits may also be offered on an individual basis.Pension: Senior executives shall be offered pension terms that include a defined plan for provisions with premiums based on the entire basic salary. The pension provisions are individual and shall be in relation to the basic salary.Notice of termination period and severance pay: The notice period shall be a maximum of six months  if the Company gives the notice and a maximum of six months if the notice is given on the initiative of the senior executive. In the event of termination by the Company  severance pay may  in addition be paid in an amount corresponding to a maximum of six-monthly salaries.Incentive program: Resolution regarding share and share price-related incentive programs directed to senior executives shall be made by the Annual General Meeting.Remuneration Committee: The remuneration committee  i.e.  the board excluding the CEO  shall prepare issues regarding compensation principles  compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives. The more detailed principles for salary setting  pensions and other benefits shall be found in the salary policy established by the Remuneration Committee regarding senior executives.Deviations in individual cases: The Board of Directors shall be entitled to deviate from these guidelines where there is special cause for such an individual case.Compensation to Board of DirectorsCompensation to the Board of Directors is determined by the Annual General Meeting based on proposals from the nomination committee. However  the Board of Directors is entitled  in specific cases  to commission an individual director to perform consultancy services on behalf of the Company within their respective areas of competence. Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting shall  in these specific cases  be eligible to receive fees for services  which do not constitute board work. With respect to the services  a fee on market terms will be payable  which must be approved by the Board of Directors. This shall also be applicable if the work is carried out through a company wholly or partially owned by a board member.These guidelines correspond to the guidelines approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022.16. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or several occasions  on issue of shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles during the time until the next Annual General Meeting for payment in cash and/or with terms regarding set-off or issue in kind or otherwise with terms and thereby deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders.The number of shares that could be issued  or the number of shares that could be subscribed for through warrants  or the number of shares that convertibles could be converted into shall amount to a total maximum of 17 859 188 new shares representing a dilution amounting to ten per cent.The purpose of the authorization and the reason to deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders is that issues shall be possible for financing the company's business  commercialisation and development of the company's products and markets and/or acquisition of businesses  companies  or parts of companies and/or enable a broadening of the owner base of the Company.If the Board of Directors consider it appropriate to enable delivery of shares in connection with an issue as described above  the issue can be made at a subscription price corresponding to the share's quota value.The approval by the Annual General Meeting of this proposal in accordance with the above is valid only if supported by shareholders representing at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the votes represented at the meeting.17. Resolution regarding adjustment authorizationThe Board of Directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the Board of Directors shall be authorized to make such minor amendments and clarifications of the resolution by the Annual General Meeting that may prove necessary in connection with registration of the resolutions.Number of shares and votesAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 160 732 694. The Company holds no treasury shares.OtherPower of attorney forms and complete proposals for resolutions with adhering documents will be made available no later than two weeks prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting. The notice and documents as above will be made available at the Company on J A Wettergrens Gata 14 in Västra Frölunda  Sweden  and on the Company's website www.minesto.com and will be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their e-mail or postal address. The Extraordinary General Meeting's shareholder's register is available at the Company's office at the above address.The shareholders are reminded of the right to  at the Extraordinary General Meeting  request information from the Board of Directors and the Managing Director in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed please refer to the integrity policy available on Euroclear's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.Gothenburg in May 2023Minesto ABThe Board of DirectorsFor additional information  please contactCecilia Sernhage  Communications Manager+46 735 23 71 58ir@minesto.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14621/3764353/2035444.pdf Press releaseCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-of-minesto-ab-301816893.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.45,0.24,0.3,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Minesto AB', 'Notice', 'J A Wettergrens Gata', 'Västra Frölunda', 'Corespring New Technology AB', 'Annual General Meeting powers', 'Göran Linder', 'BGA Invest AB', 'Git Sturesjö Adolfsson', 'other authorisation documents', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'Nominee registered shares', 'annual report', 'Bengt Adolfsson', 'Minesto AB', 'Hotel Riverton', 'Stora Badhusgatan', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'voting register', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'nomination committee', 'senior executives', 'last year', 'registration certificate', 'personal participation', 'voting rights', 'Monday 29 May', 'due time', 'adjustment authorization', 'one director', 'deputy directors', 'three directors', 'two directors', 'Wednesday 31 May', 'dated power', ""shareholders' register"", 'largest shareholder', 'valid notification', 'attorney form', 'company name', 'GOTHENBURG', 'notice', 'June', 'address', 'entrance', 'intention', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'heading', 'proxy', 'mail', 'post', 'envelope', 'assistants', 'Anyone', 'written', 'copy', 'Story', 'access', 'advance', 'place', 'Submission', 'website', 'entry', 'Business', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairperson', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'group', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'results', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Board', 'principles', 'guidelines', 'compensation', 'issue', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', '30 September', 'chairman', 'members', 'bee', '2.30', '5.', '12.', '17.']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24391,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662649/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-05-12BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3113  SE0009548704  2027-12-01 Bid date2023-05-12Bid......,Bid procedure  2023-05-12 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3113  SE0009548704  2027-12-01Bid date 2023-05-12 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 100 million SEK +/-100 million SEK3113: 150 million SEK +/-150 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 100 million SEK per bid3113: 150 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-05-16 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-05-05This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'Swedish language version', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '100 million SEK', '150 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'allocation', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24392,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLAVISION-AB-PUBL-6498975/news/CellaVision-Bulletin-from-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-CellaVision-AB-publ-43762563/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,CellaVision : Bulletin from the Annual General Meeting of CellaVision AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)   Bulletin from the Annual General Meeting of CellaVision AB    The following resolutions were passed at the Annual General Meeting of CellaVision AB on 5 May 2023 in Lund.   Adoption of profit and loss account and balance sheet a…,"Bulletin from the Annual General Meeting of CellaVision AB (publ)The following resolutions were passed at the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") of CellaVision AB (publ) (""CellaVision"") on 5 May 2023 in Lund.Adoption of profit and loss account and balance sheet and discharge from liabilityThe AGM resolved to adopt the profit and loss account and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss account and the consolidated balance sheet for the financial year 2022. Furthermore  the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO were discharged from liability for the financial year 2022.Allocation of resultThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal  on a dividend of SEK2.25 per share with record date on 9 May 2023. The dividend is expected to be paid by Euroclear Sweden AB on 12 May 2023.Board of Directors and auditorThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  on re-election of Mikael Worning  Christer Fåhraeus  Stefan Wolf and Ann-Charlotte Jarleryd  as well as new election of Louise Armstrong-Denby as Board members. Åsa Hedin had declined re-election to the Board of Directors. Mikael Worning was also re-elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The AGM resolved on re-election of the audit firm KPMG AB as auditor.Furthermore  the AGM resolved on remuneration to the Board of Directors  remuneration to the auditor and additional remuneration for work in the Board's committees in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CellaVision AB', 'Bulletin', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Christer Fåhraeus', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'KPMG AB', 'following resolutions', 'loss account', 'financial year', 'record date', 'Nomination Committee', 'Mikael Worning', 'Stefan Wolf', 'Ann-Charlotte Jarleryd', 'Louise Armstrong-Denby', 'Åsa Hedin', 'audit firm', 'CellaVision AB', 'consolidated profit', 'additional remuneration', 'new election', 'The AGM', 'Board members', ""Directors' proposal"", 'Bulletin', '5 May', 'Lund.', 'Adoption', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'Allocation', 'result', 'accordance', 'SEK', 'share', '9 May', '12 May', 'auditor', 'Chairman', 'work', 'committees']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24393,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/METSO-OUTOTEC-OYJ-1412510/news/Metso-Outotec-Oyj-Minutes-of-AGM-2023-43761578/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Metso Outotec Oyj : Minutes of AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)       Minutes no. 1/2023     Metso Outotec Corporation          Annual General Meeting ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/METSO-OUTOTEC-OYJ-1412510/news/Metso-Outotec-Oyj-Minutes-of-AGM-2023-43761578/?utm_…,Minutes no. 1/2023 Metso Outotec Corporation Annual General Meeting May 3  2023 UNOFFICIAL TRANSLATIONremaining part of the profit for the financial year be retained and carried further in unrestricted equity.According to the proposal of the Board of Directors  the dividend would be paid in two instalments as follows:The first dividend instalment of EUR 0.15 per share would be paid to the shareholders who are registered as shareholders in the company's register of shareholders as maintained byEuroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  May 5  2023. The Board of Directors had proposed that the first dividend instalment be paid on May 12  2023.Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  May 5  2023. The Board of Directors had proposed that the first dividend instalment be paid on May 12  2023. The second dividend instalment of EUR 0.15 per share would be paid in November 2023 to the shareholders who are registered as shareholders in the company's register of shareholders as maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date. The Board of Directors shall resolve on the dividend record date and the date of payment of the second dividend instalment in its meeting agreed to be held on October 26  2023. Based on the current rules of the Finnish book-entry system  the dividend record date would be October 30  2023 and the date of payment November 6  2023.It was noted that according to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a prerequisite for the distribution of funds is that the company is solvent  and that the distribution of funds will not cause the company to become insolvent. It was recorded that the Board of Directors will carry out this assessment regarding the payment of the second dividend instalment in connection with its payment. All the shares in the company will be entitled to a dividend with the exception of own shares held by the company on the relevant dividend record date.The Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  that a dividend of EUR 0.30 per share shall be paid for the financial year 2022 in two instalments and that the remaining part of the profit for the financial year shall be retained and carried further in unrestricted equity.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year January 1 - December 31  2022It was noted that the discharging from liability for the financial year January 1 - December 31  2022 concerns each individual who  during the said financial year  has served as a member of the Board of Directors or as the President and CEO of the company  i.e. the following persons:Kari Stadigh  Chair of the Board of Directors Klaus Cawén  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors Christer Gardell  member of the Board of Directors Ian W. Pearce  member of the Board of Directors Emanuela Speranza  member of the Board of Directors Arja Talma  member of the Board of DirectorsAntti Mäkinen  member of the Board of DirectorsBrian Beamish  member of the Board of Directors as of April 21  2022 Terhi Koipijärvi  member of the Board of Directors as of April 21  2022 Pekka Vauramo  President and CEO,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Metso Outotec Oyj', 'Minutes', 'AGM', 'Metso Outotec Corporation Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Directors Klaus Cawén', 'relevant dividend record date', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Ian W. Pearce', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'Terhi Koipijärvi', 'UNOFFICIAL TRANSLATION', 'remaining part', 'financial year', 'unrestricted equity', 'two instalments', 'current rules', 'following persons', 'Kari Stadigh', 'Christer Gardell', 'Emanuela Speranza', 'Arja Talma', 'Brian Beamish', 'Pekka Vauramo', 'The Board', 'Vice Chair', 'Minutes', 'profit', 'proposal', 'share', 'company', 'register', 'May', 'November', 'payment', 'October', 'prerequisite', 'distribution', 'funds', 'assessment', 'connection', 'exception', 'accordance', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'members', 'President', 'CEO', 'December', 'individual', 'April']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24394,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662803/0/en/NOTICE-TO-THE-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-VALOE-CORPORATION.html,NOTICE TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF VALOE CORPORATION,Stock Exchange Release 5 May 2023 at 22.00 Finnish time  Notice is given to the shareholders of Valoe Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be...,English FinnishStock Exchange Release 5 May 2023 at 22.00 Finnish timeNotice is given to the shareholders of Valoe Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 26 May 2023 at 11:30 (Finnish time) at the Concert and Congress Hall Mikaeli at Sointukatu 1  50100 Mikkeli  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 11:00 (Finnish time).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the group financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022 and the review by the CEO7. Adoption of the financial statements and the group financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the loss for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 is entered in retained earnings and that no dividend will be distributed.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies 2022. According to the Companies Act  the resolution is advisory.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors12. Resolution on the remuneration and principles for travelling cost payments of the members of the Board of DirectorsAs part of the remuneration of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on option rights  pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  to be given to the Directors of the Board so that  following the share subscriptions based on option rights  the number of the shares in the Company could increase by a total maximum amount of 30 million shares. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for a stock option scheme directed to the Directors of the Board during the financial year 2023. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 31 December 2023.It is proposed that based on this authorization  15 million option rights would be given to the Chairman of the Board  and to the other Board members 7.5 million option rights per member.The subscription price for shares subscribed for based on the option rights would be EUR 0.03 per share. Based on the option rights  shares could be subscribed for until 31 December 2025.The exercise of options granted to the Board of Directors based on this authorization would be conditional on the company's operating cash flow being positive in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2023.13. Election of members of the Board of Directors14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor15. Election of auditor16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue as well as other option rights and other special rights entitling to shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue with and/or without payment  either in one or in several occasions  including right to resolve on option rights and other rights entitling to shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act so that the number of new shares issued based on the authorization or number of shares issued based on option rights and other special rights entitling to the shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish companies Act  could increase by a total maximum amount of 200 000 000 shares. The authorization does not exclude the Board’s right to decide also on directed issue of shares or option rights and other special rights pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for important arrangements from the company’s point of view e.g. to strengthen the capital structure  to finance investments  for acquisitions and business transactions or other business arrangements  or to expand ownership structure  or for other purposes resolved by the Board involving a weighty financial reason for issuing shares or option rights or special rights entitling to shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The share issue may be executed by deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right provided the company has a weighty financial reason for that. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 30 June 2024.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on option rights to the company’s personnel and CEOThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on option rights pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act so that  following the share subscriptions based on option rights  the number of the shares in the Company could increase by a total maximum amount of 30 million shares. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for a stock option scheme directed to the company’s personnel and CEO during the financial year 2023. It is proposed that the Board of Directors would be entitled to decide on the other terms of the option rights. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 31 December 2023.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this Notice to the General Meeting are available on Valoe Corporation’s website at www.valoe.com.The latest financial statements  the latest group financial statements  the latest report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report of Valoe Corporation  and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies are available on the above-mentioned website.The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this Notice to the General Meeting will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 9 June 2023.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on 15 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 23 May 2023 by 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) by giving a prior notice of participation which shall be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date. Such notice can be given:(a) by e-mail to the email address minna.wilkman@valoe.com(b) by telephone to the number +358 40 5600 530 (Minna Wilkman) from Monday to Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time); or(c) by regular mail to the address Valoe Corporation  Minna Wilkman  Insinöörinkatu 8  50150 Mikkeli  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Valoe Corporation is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove her/her identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 15 May 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest by 23 May 2023 by 10:00 a.m. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to the address Valoe Corporation  Minna Wilkman  Insinöörinkatu 8  50150 Mikkeli  Finland or by email minna.wilkman@valoe.com  before the last date and time for registration.4. Other instructions/informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this Notice to the General Meeting  5 May 2023  the total number of shares in Valoe Corporation is 448.359.195 shares.In Mikkeli  on 5 May 2023Valoe CorporationBoard of DirectorsFor more information:CEO Iikka Savisalo  Valoe CorporationTel. +358 40 5216082email: iikka.savisalo@valoe.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.valoe.comValoe Corporation specializes in the clean energy  especially in photovoltaic solutions. Valoe provides automated production technology for solar modules based on the company’s own technology; production lines for modules; solar modules and special components for solar modules. Valoe's head office is located in Mikkeli  Finland.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['GENERAL MEETING', 'VALOE CORPORATION', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'English Finnish Stock Exchange Release', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'stock option scheme', 'Congress Hall Mikaeli', 'travelling cost payments', 'total maximum amount', 'operating cash flow', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'weighty financial reason', 'group financial statements', 'other special rights', 'other business arrangements', 'other option rights', '15 million option rights', '7.5 million option rights', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other Board members', 'other rights', 'subscription price', '22.00 Finnish time', 'other purposes', 'important arrangements', 'business transactions', 'financial year', 'Valoe Corporation', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'Governing Bodies', 'fourth quarter', 'several occasions', 'capital structure', 'ownership structure', '30 million shares', 'share issue', 'new shares', 'Remuneration Report', '200,000,000 shares', 'Notice', '26 May', 'Concert', 'Sointukatu', '50100 Mikkeli', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'loss', '31 December', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'number', 'principles', 'part', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'subscriptions', 'Company', 'authorization', 'force', 'Chairman', 'exercise', 'options', 'one', 'point', 'investments', 'acquisitions', '30 June', '11:30', '11:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24395,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALOE-OYJ-35928734/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-VALOE-CORPORATION-43764425/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,NOTICE TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF VALOE CORPORATION,(marketscreener.com) Stock Exchange Release 5 May 2023 at 22.00 Finnish time Notice is given to the shareholders of Valoe Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 26 May 2023 at 11:30 at the Concert and Congress Hall Mikaeli at Sointukatu 1  50…,Stock Exchange Release 5 May 2023 at 22.00 Finnish timeNotice is given to the shareholders of Valoe Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 26 May 2023 at 11:30 (Finnish time) at the Concert and Congress Hall Mikaeli at Sointukatu 1  50100 Mikkeli  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 11:00 (Finnish time).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the group financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022 and the review by the CEO7. Adoption of the financial statements and the group financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the loss for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 is entered in retained earnings and that no dividend will be distributed.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies 2022. According to the Companies Act  the resolution is advisory.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors12. Resolution on the remuneration and principles for travelling cost payments of the members of the Board of DirectorsAs part of the remuneration of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on option rights  pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  to be given to the Directors of the Board so that  following the share subscriptions based on option rights  the number of the shares in the Company could increase by a total maximum amount of 30 million shares. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for a stock option scheme directed to the Directors of the Board during the financial year 2023. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 31 December 2023.It is proposed that based on this authorization  15 million option rights would be given to the Chairman of the Board  and to the other Board members 7.5 million option rights per member.The subscription price for shares subscribed for based on the option rights would be EUR 0.03 per share. Based on the option rights  shares could be subscribed for until 31 December 2025.The exercise of options granted to the Board of Directors based on this authorization would be conditional on the company's operating cash flow being positive in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2023.13. Election of members of the Board of Directors14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor15. Election of auditor16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue as well as other option rights and other special rights entitling to shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue with and/or without payment  either in one or in several occasions  including right to resolve on option rights and other rights entitling to shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act so that the number of new shares issued based on the authorization or number of shares issued based on option rights and other special rights entitling to the shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish companies Act  could increase by a total maximum amount of 200 000 000 shares. The authorization does not exclude the Board’s right to decide also on directed issue of shares or option rights and other special rights pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for important arrangements from the company’s point of view e.g. to strengthen the capital structure  to finance investments  for acquisitions and business transactions or other business arrangements  or to expand ownership structure  or for other purposes resolved by the Board involving a weighty financial reason for issuing shares or option rights or special rights entitling to shares pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The share issue may be executed by deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right provided the company has a weighty financial reason for that. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 30 June 2024.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on option rights to the company’s personnel and CEOThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting  that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on option rights pursuant to the Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act so that  following the share subscriptions based on option rights  the number of the shares in the Company could increase by a total maximum amount of 30 million shares. It is proposed that the authorization may be used for a stock option scheme directed to the company’s personnel and CEO during the financial year 2023. It is proposed that the Board of Directors would be entitled to decide on the other terms of the option rights. It is proposed that the authorization is in force until 31 December 2023.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this Notice to the General Meeting are available on Valoe Corporation’s website at www.valoe.com.The latest financial statements  the latest group financial statements  the latest report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report of Valoe Corporation  and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies are available on the above-mentioned website.The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this Notice to the General Meeting will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 9 June 2023.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on 15 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 23 May 2023 by 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) by giving a prior notice of participation which shall be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date. Such notice can be given:(a) by e-mail to the email address minna.wilkman@valoe.com(b) by telephone to the number +358 40 5600 530 (Minna Wilkman) from Monday to Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time); or(c) by regular mail to the address Valoe Corporation  Minna Wilkman  Insinöörinkatu 8  50150 Mikkeli  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Valoe Corporation is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove her/her identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 15 May 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest by 23 May 2023 by 10:00 a.m. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to the address Valoe Corporation  Minna Wilkman  Insinöörinkatu 8  50150 Mikkeli  Finland or by email minna.wilkman@valoe.com  before the last date and time for registration.4. Other instructions/informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this Notice to the General Meeting  5 May 2023  the total number of shares in Valoe Corporation is 448.359.195 shares.In Mikkeli  on 5 May 2023Valoe CorporationBoard of DirectorsFor more information:CEO Iikka Savisalo  Valoe CorporationTel. +358 40 5216082email: iikka.savisalo@valoe.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.valoe.comValoe Corporation specializes in the clean energy  especially in photovoltaic solutions. Valoe provides automated production technology for solar modules based on the company’s own technology; production lines for modules; solar modules and special components for solar modules. Valoe's head office is located in Mikkeli  Finland.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['GENERAL MEETING', 'VALOE CORPORATION', 'NOTICE', 'THE', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Congress Hall Mikaeli', 'travelling cost payments', 'total maximum amount', 'operating cash flow', 'weighty financial reason', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'stock option scheme', 'group financial statements', 'other special rights', 'other business arrangements', 'other option rights', '15 million option rights', '7.5 million option rights', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other Board members', 'other rights', 'subscription price', 'other purposes', '22.00 Finnish time', 'important arrangements', 'business transactions', 'financial year', 'Valoe Corporation', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'Governing Bodies', 'fourth quarter', 'several occasions', 'capital structure', 'ownership structure', '30 million shares', 'share issue', 'new shares', 'Remuneration Report', '200,000,000 shares', 'Notice', '26 May', 'Concert', 'Sointukatu', '50100 Mikkeli', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'loss', '31 December', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'number', 'principles', 'part', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'subscriptions', 'Company', 'authorization', 'force', 'Chairman', 'exercise', 'options', 'one', 'point', 'investments', 'acquisitions', '30 June', '11:30', '11:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24396,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rovio-entertainment-corp-sega-europe-101500719.html,Rovio Entertainment Corp.: Sega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended public cash offer for all the shares and options in Rovio Entertainment Corporation on May 8  2023,Rovio Entertainment Corporation / Sega Europe Limited Tender Offer May 5  2023  at 1:15 p.m. EEST Sega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended...,Rovio Entertainment Corp.Rovio Entertainment Corporation / Sega Europe Limited Tender Offer May 5  2023  at 1:15 p.m. EESTSega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended public cash offer for all the shares and options in Rovio Entertainment Corporation on May 8  2023NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SHAREHOLDERS AND OPTION HOLDERS IN THE UNITED STATES SHOULD ALSO REFER TO THE SECTION TITLED “INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS AND OPTION HOLDERS OF ROVIO IN THE UNITED STATES” AT THE END OF THIS RELEASE.Offer document regarding Sega Europe Limited’s voluntary recommended public cash offer to the shareholders and option holders of Rovio Entertainment Corporation made public  and offer period to commence on May 8  2023Sega Europe Limited (“Sega Europe” or the “Offeror”)  a private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation (“Sega Corporation”)  a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of Japan  that  in turn  is directly and wholly owned by Sega Sammy Holdings Inc. (“SSHD”)  a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of Japan  with its shares listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange  and Rovio Entertainment Corporation (“Rovio” or the “Company”) announced on April 17  2023 that SSHD and Rovio had entered into a combination agreement (the “Combination Agreement”) pursuant to which the Offeror has made a voluntary recommended cash offer to the shareholders of Rovio to tender all their shares (“Shares”) and the option holders of Rovio to tender all their options (“Options”) in Rovio to the Offeror (the “Offer”)  and pursuant to which SSHD has transferred its rights and obligations to the Offeror (in accordance with its terms).Story continuesThe Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the tender offer document relating to the Offer (the “Offer Document”).The Offer Document is available as of today  May 5  2023  in Finnish at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/pto/ and www.danskebank.fi/rovio-offer/ and in English at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/en/pto/ and www.danskebank.fi/rovio-offer-en/.The offer period for the Offer will commence on Monday May 8  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on July 3  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended or any extended offer period is discontinued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer (the “Offer Period”). The Offer is currently expected to be completed during the third quarter of 2023. The Offeror may extend the Offer Period in accordance with  and subject to  the terms and conditions of the Offer and applicable laws and regulations  in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Offer. The Offeror will announce  by way of stock exchange releases  any possible extension of the Offer Period as soon as practically possible as well as any other information required to be announced in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.The shareholders of Rovio are offered EUR 9.25 in cash for each validly tendered Share (the “Share Offer Price”) and the option holders of Rovio are offered EUR 1.48 in cash for each validly tendered Option (the “Option Offer Price”).The Share Offer Price has been determined based on 76 179 063 Shares and the Option Offer Price has been determined based on 742 300 Options. Should the Company increase the number of Shares as a result of any measure with a dilutive effect  excluding any subscription for the Company’s shares based on the Options  or in any other way distribute or transfer value to its shareholders or option holders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any settlement of the Offer (with the effect that any resulting distribution of funds is not payable to the Offeror)  then the Share Offer Price and the Option Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.The Board of Directors of Rovio  represented by a quorum comprising all members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously agreed to recommend in its statement issued pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the “Helsinki Takeover Code”) that the shareholders and option holders of Rovio accept the Offer. The Board of Directors of Rovio has received an opinion  dated April 17  2023  from Rovio’s financial adviser  Goldman Sachs International (“Goldman Sachs”)  that  as of April 17  2023 and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein  the EUR 9.25 in cash per Share to be paid to the shareholders (other than SSHD and its affiliates) pursuant to the Offer is fair from a financial point of view to such shareholders.Moor Holding AB  Brilliant Problems Oy  Adventurous Ideas Oy  Oy Impera Ab  Niklas Hed  Mert Can Kurum  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Veritas Pension Insurance Company Ltd.  who in aggregate hold approximately 49.1 percent of the outstanding Shares and votes in Rovio  have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Offer  subject to certain customary conditions. The undertakings are among other terms subject to the condition that the Offeror does not announce that it will no longer pursue or complete (or that it will cancel) the Offer  and that no other party announces a competing offer to acquire the Shares in Rovio for a consideration of at least EUR 9.72 per Share where Sega Europe does not within seven (7) business days match or exceed the competing offer by increasing the Share Offer Price.The completion of the Offer is  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer  subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or prior to the Offeror’s announcement of the final results of the Offer  including  among others  that all necessary approvals by competition authorities and other regulatory authorities have been received and that the Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any Shares otherwise held by the Offeror prior to the announcement of the final result of the Offer  on a fully diluted basis  more than 90 percent of the Shares and voting rights of the Company as calculated in accordance with Chapter 18 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) allowing the Offeror to commence compulsory redemption proceedings.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Offer and related instructions and an acceptance form to their customers who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders’ register of Rovio maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. Shareholders of Rovio who do not receive such instructions or an acceptance form from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (“Danske Bank”) by sending an e-mail to rovio-offer@danskebank.com  where such shareholders of Rovio can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Rovio whose Shares are nominee-registered and who wish to accept the Offer  must submit their acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by their custodian of the nominee-registered Shares. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Offer to these nominee-registered shareholders of Rovio.A shareholder of Rovio who wishes to accept the Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator that manages the shareholder’s book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator. Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period and/or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Offer enclosed to this stock exchange release) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Rovio submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable  or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The Offer may be accepted by an option holder registered during the Offer Period in the register of option holders  with the exception of Rovio and its subsidiaries. Evli Alexander Incentives Oy (“Evli”)  which manages Rovio’s Options  will send a notification of the Offer  including instructions and the relevant acceptance form  to all such option holders. Evli will instruct all holders of Options on the acceptance of the Offer through Evli’s website. Option holders who do not receive such notification from Evli can contact Danske Bank by sending an email to: rovio-offer@danskebank.com.An option holder registered during the Offer Period in the register of option holders wishing to accept the Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to Evli in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by Evli. The acceptance form shall be submitted so that it is received during the Offer Period or  if the Offer Period has been extended  during such extended Offer Period  however  always in accordance with the instructions of Evli. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable  or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The option holders may accept the Offer only in whole and regarding all of their Options. The option holders may not agree to sell only a portion of their Options.By accepting the Offer  the option holders authorise Evli to sell the Options to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. An option holder may accept the Offer only unconditionally and in relation to all of its Options and subject to the right to withdraw the Options tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. The Offeror may reject any partial tender of the Options. An option holder that has validly accepted the Offer and that has not properly withdrawn its acceptance in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer may not sell or otherwise dispose of its tendered Options unless otherwise provided by mandatory law.The preliminary result of the Offer will be announced by a stock exchange release on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended and discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of the preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion continuing to be fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares and Options in respect of which the Offer has been validly accepted and not validly withdrawn will be confirmed.The Offeror and its parent companies reserve the right to acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares and Options before  during and/or after the offer period outside the Offer in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki (“Nasdaq Helsinki”) or otherwise. Any purchases made or arranged will be disclosed in accordance with applicable rules.The terms and conditions of the Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).The Offeror and Sega Corporation have appointed BofA Securities Japan Co.  Ltd as financial adviser  Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch as arranger and Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd as legal adviser in connection with the Offer. Rovio has appointed Goldman Sachs International as financial adviser and Roschier  Attorneys Ltd. as legal adviser in connection with the Offer.Investor and Media enquiries:RovioFor investors:Alexandre Pelletier-NormandCEORovioIR@rovio.com+358 40 730 3442For media:Lotta BacklundHead of communications  RovioLotta.Backlund@rovio.comSega groupFor investors:Makoto TakahashiExecutive Vice President  Executive Officer  Managing Director of Corporate Planning Division  SSHDhd_ir@home.segasammy.co.jpFor media:Tarja Valde-Brown (Finland PR Advisor)Executive Senior Consultant  Partner  Eurofacts Oytarja.valde-brown@eurofacts.fiPeter OliverCentral Communications Director  Sega EuropePeter.oliver@sega.co.ukInformation about the Offer is made available at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/en.ABOUT THE OFFEROR AND SEGA CORPORATIONSega Europe is a UK private limited company  domiciled in the United Kingdom with its registered address at 27 Great West Rd  Brentford TW8 9BW  Middlesex  United Kingdom  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation. Sega Europe is the European distribution arm of Sega Corporation  a worldwide leader in interactive entertainment. Headquartered in Brentford  London  Sega Europe wholly owns some leading development studios  including Sports Interactive and Creative Assembly  the creators of Football Manager and Total War  respectively.Sega Corporation engages in the planning  development  sales  and operation of consoles  PCs  and mobile games  as well as arcade equipment. Sega Corporation also plans  develops and provides products based on characters  in the form of digital services and prizes  by utilizing expertise gained from the video game business. In the console  PC  and mobile game business  Sega Corporation develops content through its various studios in Japan and overseas and distributes them worldwide through its many marketing bases around the globe. In the arcade products business  Sega Corporation has developed many ground-breaking products that symbolized each era with innovation and creativity  such as prize machines  and medal games  in addition to various different arcade games. In order to strengthen global development capabilities  Sega Corporation has historically acquired numerous development studios  from the UK-based Creative Assembly in 2005  to the Japan-based ATLUS. CO.  LTD. (formerly  Index Corporation) in 2013  and the acquired studios have all greatly expanded in scale while also releasing many new titles across the globe.ABOUT ROVIORovio is a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Finland with its shares admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Rovio is a global mobile-first games company that creates  develops and publishes mobile games  which have been downloaded over 5 billion times. Rovio is best known for the global Angry Birds brand  which started as a popular mobile game in 2009  and has since evolved from games to various entertainment  animations and consumer products in brand licensing. Rovio has produced The Angry Birds Movie  and its sequel. The Company offers multiple mobile games and has eight game studios – one in Espoo (Finland)  one in Stockholm (Sweden)  one in Copenhagen (Denmark)  one in Barcelona (Spain)  two in Montreal and one in Toronto (Canada). The studios also include a subsidiary in Izmir (Turkey) called Ruby Oyun ve Yazılım Danışmanlık Sanayi Ticaret Anonim Şirketi  which was acquired in 2021. Most of the employees are based in Finland where Rovio is headquartered.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders and option holders of Rovio in the United StatesShareholders and option holders of Rovio in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Rovio is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) thereunder.The Offer is made for the Shares and Options of Rovio  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Offer is expected to be made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) of  and Regulation 14E  under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(d) under the Exchange Act  for a Tier II tender offer and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those applicable under the tender offer procedures and laws of the United States for domestic offers. In particular  the financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Offer is made to Rovio’s shareholders and option holders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders and option holders of Rovio to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this announcement  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders and option holders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Rovio’s other shareholders and option holders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and the consideration in the Offer must be increased to match any such consideration paid outside the Offer. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders and option holders of Rovio of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Rovio  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares or Options may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares or Options is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Offer.To the extent the Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. holders of Shares or Options  and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. It may be difficult for Rovio’s shareholders or option holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Rovio are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Rovio’s shareholders or option holders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Rovio or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Rovio or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court’s judgment.Forward-looking statementsThis stock exchange release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes”  “intends”  “may”  “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this stock exchange release.DisclaimerBofA Securities Japan Co.  Ltd  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Sega and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this release and will not be responsible to anyone other than Sega for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this release.Danske Bank A/S is authorised under Danish banking law. It is subject to supervision by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. Danske Bank A/S is a private  limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with its head office in Copenhagen where it is registered in the Danish Commercial Register under number 61126228.Danske Bank A/S (acting via its Finland Branch) is acting as a financial adviser to the Offeror and no other person in connection with these materials or their contents. Danske Bank A/S will not be responsible to any person other than the Offeror for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Danske Bank A/S  nor for providing any advice in relation to any matter referred to in these materials. Without limiting a person’s liability for fraud  Danske Bank A/S  nor any of its affiliates nor any of its respective directors  officers  representatives  employees  advisers or agents shall have any liability to any other person (including  without limitation  any recipient) in connection with the Offer.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Rovio and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this announcement. Neither Goldman Sachs International nor its affiliates  nor their respective partners  directors  officers  employees or agents are responsible to anyone other than Rovio for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this announcement.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.48,0.51,True,English,"['Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'Sega Europe Limited', 'public cash offer', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'options', 'May', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Sega Europe Limited Tender Offer', 'Sega Sammy Holdings Inc', 'Finnish Securities Markets Act', 'Finnish Securities Market Association', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'Finnish language version', 'stock exchange releases', 'Helsinki Takeover Code', 'tender offer document', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'Moor Holding A', 'private limited company', 'Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'extended offer period', 'Option Offer Price', 'public cash offer', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'Share Offer Price', 'Sega Corporation', 'Finnish time', 'financial adviser', 'financial point', 'OPTION HOLDERS', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW.', 'UNITED STATES', 'SECTION TITLED', 'combination agreement', 'third quarter', 'possible extension', 'record date', 'euro basis', 'other information', 'dilutive effect', 'other way', 'resulting distribution', 'applicable laws', 'Monday May', 'The Offeror', '9:30 a', 'EEST', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'options', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'INTO', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'England', 'Wales', 'turn', 'SSHD', 'April', 'rights', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'Story', 'today', 'blueoffer', 'English', 'July', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'order', 'completion', 'number', 'measure', 'subscription', 'value', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlement', 'funds', 'Board', 'Directors', 'quorum', 'members', 'statement', 'opinion', 'factors', 'assumptions', 'affiliates', 'view', '1:15', '4:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24397,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROVIO-ENTERTAINMENT-OYJ-37980118/news/Rovio-Entertainment-Corp-Sega-Europe-Limited-commences-the-voluntary-recommended-public-cash-offer-43759306/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Rovio Entertainment Corp.: Sega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended public cash offer for all the shares and options in Rovio Entertainment Corporation on May 8  2023,(marketscreener.com) Rovio Entertainment Corporation / Sega Europe Limited      Tender Offer       May 5  2023  at 1:15 p.m. EEST Sega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended public cash offer for all the shares and options in Rovio Entertainment C…,Rovio Entertainment Corporation / Sega Europe Limited Tender Offer May 5  2023  at 1:15 p.m. EESTSega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended public cash offer for all the shares and options in Rovio Entertainment Corporation on May 8  2023NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SHAREHOLDERS AND OPTION HOLDERS IN THE UNITED STATES SHOULD ALSO REFER TO THE SECTION TITLED “INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS AND OPTION HOLDERS OF ROVIO IN THE UNITED STATES” AT THE END OF THIS RELEASE.Offer document regarding Sega Europe Limited’s voluntary recommended public cash offer to the shareholders and option holders of Rovio Entertainment Corporation made public  and offer period to commence on May 8  2023Sega Europe Limited (“Sega Europe” or the “Offeror”)  a private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation (“Sega Corporation”)  a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of Japan  that  in turn  is directly and wholly owned by Sega Sammy Holdings Inc. (“SSHD”)  a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of Japan  with its shares listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange  and Rovio Entertainment Corporation (“Rovio” or the “Company”) announced on April 17  2023 that SSHD and Rovio had entered into a combination agreement (the “Combination Agreement”) pursuant to which the Offeror has made a voluntary recommended cash offer to the shareholders of Rovio to tender all their shares (“Shares”) and the option holders of Rovio to tender all their options (“Options”) in Rovio to the Offeror (the “Offer”)  and pursuant to which SSHD has transferred its rights and obligations to the Offeror (in accordance with its terms).The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the tender offer document relating to the Offer (the “Offer Document”).The Offer Document is available as of today  May 5  2023  in Finnish at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/pto/ and www.danskebank.fi/rovio-offer/ and in English at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/en/pto/ and www.danskebank.fi/rovio-offer-en/.The offer period for the Offer will commence on Monday May 8  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on July 3  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended or any extended offer period is discontinued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer (the “Offer Period”). The Offer is currently expected to be completed during the third quarter of 2023. The Offeror may extend the Offer Period in accordance with  and subject to  the terms and conditions of the Offer and applicable laws and regulations  in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Offer. The Offeror will announce  by way of stock exchange releases  any possible extension of the Offer Period as soon as practically possible as well as any other information required to be announced in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.The shareholders of Rovio are offered EUR 9.25 in cash for each validly tendered Share (the “Share Offer Price”) and the option holders of Rovio are offered EUR 1.48 in cash for each validly tendered Option (the “Option Offer Price”).The Share Offer Price has been determined based on 76 179 063 Shares and the Option Offer Price has been determined based on 742 300 Options. Should the Company increase the number of Shares as a result of any measure with a dilutive effect  excluding any subscription for the Company’s shares based on the Options  or in any other way distribute or transfer value to its shareholders or option holders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any settlement of the Offer (with the effect that any resulting distribution of funds is not payable to the Offeror)  then the Share Offer Price and the Option Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.The Board of Directors of Rovio  represented by a quorum comprising all members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously agreed to recommend in its statement issued pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the “Helsinki Takeover Code”) that the shareholders and option holders of Rovio accept the Offer. The Board of Directors of Rovio has received an opinion  dated April 17  2023  from Rovio’s financial adviser  Goldman Sachs International (“Goldman Sachs”)  that  as of April 17  2023 and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein  the EUR 9.25 in cash per Share to be paid to the shareholders (other than SSHD and its affiliates) pursuant to the Offer is fair from a financial point of view to such shareholders.Moor Holding AB  Brilliant Problems Oy  Adventurous Ideas Oy  Oy Impera Ab  Niklas Hed  Mert Can Kurum  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Veritas Pension Insurance Company Ltd.  who in aggregate hold approximately 49.1 percent of the outstanding Shares and votes in Rovio  have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Offer  subject to certain customary conditions. The undertakings are among other terms subject to the condition that the Offeror does not announce that it will no longer pursue or complete (or that it will cancel) the Offer  and that no other party announces a competing offer to acquire the Shares in Rovio for a consideration of at least EUR 9.72 per Share where Sega Europe does not within seven (7) business days match or exceed the competing offer by increasing the Share Offer Price.The completion of the Offer is  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer  subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or prior to the Offeror’s announcement of the final results of the Offer  including  among others  that all necessary approvals by competition authorities and other regulatory authorities have been received and that the Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any Shares otherwise held by the Offeror prior to the announcement of the final result of the Offer  on a fully diluted basis  more than 90 percent of the Shares and voting rights of the Company as calculated in accordance with Chapter 18 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) allowing the Offeror to commence compulsory redemption proceedings.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Offer and related instructions and an acceptance form to their customers who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders’ register of Rovio maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. Shareholders of Rovio who do not receive such instructions or an acceptance form from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (“Danske Bank”) by sending an e-mail to rovio-offer@danskebank.com  where such shareholders of Rovio can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Rovio whose Shares are nominee-registered and who wish to accept the Offer  must submit their acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by their custodian of the nominee-registered Shares. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Offer to these nominee-registered shareholders of Rovio.A shareholder of Rovio who wishes to accept the Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator that manages the shareholder’s book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator. Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period and/or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Offer enclosed to this stock exchange release) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Rovio submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable  or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The Offer may be accepted by an option holder registered during the Offer Period in the register of option holders  with the exception of Rovio and its subsidiaries. Evli Alexander Incentives Oy (“Evli”)  which manages Rovio’s Options  will send a notification of the Offer  including instructions and the relevant acceptance form  to all such option holders. Evli will instruct all holders of Options on the acceptance of the Offer through Evli’s website. Option holders who do not receive such notification from Evli can contact Danske Bank by sending an email to: rovio-offer@danskebank.com.An option holder registered during the Offer Period in the register of option holders wishing to accept the Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to Evli in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by Evli. The acceptance form shall be submitted so that it is received during the Offer Period or  if the Offer Period has been extended  during such extended Offer Period  however  always in accordance with the instructions of Evli. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable  or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The option holders may accept the Offer only in whole and regarding all of their Options. The option holders may not agree to sell only a portion of their Options.By accepting the Offer  the option holders authorise Evli to sell the Options to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. An option holder may accept the Offer only unconditionally and in relation to all of its Options and subject to the right to withdraw the Options tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. The Offeror may reject any partial tender of the Options. An option holder that has validly accepted the Offer and that has not properly withdrawn its acceptance in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer may not sell or otherwise dispose of its tendered Options unless otherwise provided by mandatory law.The preliminary result of the Offer will be announced by a stock exchange release on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended and discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of the preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion continuing to be fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares and Options in respect of which the Offer has been validly accepted and not validly withdrawn will be confirmed.The Offeror and its parent companies reserve the right to acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares and Options before  during and/or after the offer period outside the Offer in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki (“Nasdaq Helsinki”) or otherwise. Any purchases made or arranged will be disclosed in accordance with applicable rules.The terms and conditions of the Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).The Offeror and Sega Corporation have appointed BofA Securities Japan Co.  Ltd as financial adviser  Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch as arranger and Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd as legal adviser in connection with the Offer. Rovio has appointed Goldman Sachs International as financial adviser and Roschier  Attorneys Ltd. as legal adviser in connection with the Offer.Investor and Media enquiries:RovioFor investors:Alexandre Pelletier-NormandCEORovioIR@rovio.com+358 40 730 3442For media:Lotta BacklundHead of communications  RovioLotta.Backlund@rovio.comSega groupFor investors:Makoto TakahashiExecutive Vice President  Executive Officer  Managing Director of Corporate Planning Division  SSHDhd_ir@home.segasammy.co.jpFor media:Tarja Valde-Brown (Finland PR Advisor)Executive Senior Consultant  Partner  Eurofacts Oytarja.valde-brown@eurofacts.fiPeter OliverCentral Communications Director  Sega EuropePeter.oliver@sega.co.ukInformation about the Offer is made available at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/en.ABOUT THE OFFEROR AND SEGA CORPORATIONSega Europe is a UK private limited company  domiciled in the United Kingdom with its registered address at 27 Great West Rd  Brentford TW8 9BW  Middlesex  United Kingdom  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation. Sega Europe is the European distribution arm of Sega Corporation  a worldwide leader in interactive entertainment. Headquartered in Brentford  London  Sega Europe wholly owns some leading development studios  including Sports Interactive and Creative Assembly  the creators of Football Manager and Total War  respectively.Sega Corporation engages in the planning  development  sales  and operation of consoles  PCs  and mobile games  as well as arcade equipment. Sega Corporation also plans  develops and provides products based on characters  in the form of digital services and prizes  by utilizing expertise gained from the video game business. In the console  PC  and mobile game business  Sega Corporation develops content through its various studios in Japan and overseas and distributes them worldwide through its many marketing bases around the globe. In the arcade products business  Sega Corporation has developed many ground-breaking products that symbolized each era with innovation and creativity  such as prize machines  and medal games  in addition to various different arcade games. In order to strengthen global development capabilities  Sega Corporation has historically acquired numerous development studios  from the UK-based Creative Assembly in 2005  to the Japan-based ATLUS. CO.  LTD. (formerly  Index Corporation) in 2013  and the acquired studios have all greatly expanded in scale while also releasing many new titles across the globe.ABOUT ROVIORovio is a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Finland with its shares admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Rovio is a global mobile-first games company that creates  develops and publishes mobile games  which have been downloaded over 5 billion times. Rovio is best known for the global Angry Birds brand  which started as a popular mobile game in 2009  and has since evolved from games to various entertainment  animations and consumer products in brand licensing. Rovio has produced The Angry Birds Movie  and its sequel. The Company offers multiple mobile games and has eight game studios – one in Espoo (Finland)  one in Stockholm (Sweden)  one in Copenhagen (Denmark)  one in Barcelona (Spain)  two in Montreal and one in Toronto (Canada). The studios also include a subsidiary in Izmir (Turkey) called Ruby Oyun ve Yazılım Danışmanlık Sanayi Ticaret Anonim Şirketi  which was acquired in 2021. Most of the employees are based in Finland where Rovio is headquartered.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders and option holders of Rovio in the United StatesShareholders and option holders of Rovio in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Rovio is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) thereunder.The Offer is made for the Shares and Options of Rovio  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Offer is expected to be made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) of  and Regulation 14E  under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(d) under the Exchange Act  for a Tier II tender offer and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those applicable under the tender offer procedures and laws of the United States for domestic offers. In particular  the financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Offer is made to Rovio’s shareholders and option holders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders and option holders of Rovio to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this announcement  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders and option holders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Rovio’s other shareholders and option holders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and the consideration in the Offer must be increased to match any such consideration paid outside the Offer. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders and option holders of Rovio of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Rovio  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares or Options may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares or Options is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Offer.To the extent the Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. holders of Shares or Options  and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. It may be difficult for Rovio’s shareholders or option holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Rovio are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Rovio’s shareholders or option holders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Rovio or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Rovio or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court’s judgment.Forward-looking statementsThis stock exchange release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes”  “intends”  “may”  “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this stock exchange release.DisclaimerBofA Securities Japan Co.  Ltd  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Sega and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this release and will not be responsible to anyone other than Sega for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this release.Danske Bank A/S is authorised under Danish banking law. It is subject to supervision by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. Danske Bank A/S is a private  limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with its head office in Copenhagen where it is registered in the Danish Commercial Register under number 61126228.Danske Bank A/S (acting via its Finland Branch) is acting as a financial adviser to the Offeror and no other person in connection with these materials or their contents. Danske Bank A/S will not be responsible to any person other than the Offeror for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Danske Bank A/S  nor for providing any advice in relation to any matter referred to in these materials. Without limiting a person’s liability for fraud  Danske Bank A/S  nor any of its affiliates nor any of its respective directors  officers  representatives  employees  advisers or agents shall have any liability to any other person (including  without limitation  any recipient) in connection with the Offer.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Rovio and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this announcement. Neither Goldman Sachs International nor its affiliates  nor their respective partners  directors  officers  employees or agents are responsible to anyone other than Rovio for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this announcement.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'Sega Europe Limited', 'public cash offer', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'options', 'May', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Sega Europe Limited Tender Offer', 'Sega Sammy Holdings Inc', 'Finnish Securities Markets Act', 'Finnish Securities Market Association', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'Finnish language version', 'stock exchange releases', 'Helsinki Takeover Code', 'Moor Holding AB', 'tender offer document', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'private limited company', 'extended offer period', 'Option Offer Price', 'public cash offer', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'Share Offer Price', 'Sega Corporation', 'Finnish time', 'financial adviser', 'financial point', 'OPTION HOLDERS', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW.', 'UNITED STATES', 'SECTION TITLED', 'combination agreement', 'third quarter', 'possible extension', 'record date', 'euro basis', 'Brilliant Problems', 'Adventurous Ideas', 'other information', 'dilutive effect', 'other way', 'resulting distribution', 'applicable laws', 'Monday May', 'The Offeror', 'EEST', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'options', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'England', 'Wales', 'turn', 'SSHD', 'April', 'rights', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'today', 'blueoffer', 'English', '9:30 a', 'July', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'order', 'completion', 'number', 'measure', 'subscription', 'value', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlement', 'funds', 'Board', 'Directors', 'quorum', 'members', 'statement', 'opinion', 'factors', 'assumptions', 'affiliates', 'view', '1:15', '4:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24398,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662374/0/en/Rovio-Entertainment-Corp-Sega-Europe-Limited-commences-the-voluntary-recommended-public-cash-offer-for-all-the-shares-and-options-in-Rovio-Entertainment-Corporation-on-May-8-2023.html,Rovio Entertainment Corp.: Sega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended public cash offer for all the shares and options in Rovio Entertainment Corporation on May 8  2023,Rovio Entertainment Corporation / Sega Europe Limited      Tender Offer       May 5  2023  at 1:15 p.m. EEST          Sega Europe Limited commences the......,English FinnishRovio Entertainment Corporation / Sega Europe Limited Tender Offer May 5  2023  at 1:15 p.m. EESTSega Europe Limited commences the voluntary recommended public cash offer for all the shares and options in Rovio Entertainment Corporation on May 8  2023NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SHAREHOLDERS AND OPTION HOLDERS IN THE UNITED STATES SHOULD ALSO REFER TO THE SECTION TITLED “INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS AND OPTION HOLDERS OF ROVIO IN THE UNITED STATES” AT THE END OF THIS RELEASE.Offer document regarding Sega Europe Limited’s voluntary recommended public cash offer to the shareholders and option holders of Rovio Entertainment Corporation made public  and offer period to commence on May 8  2023Sega Europe Limited (“Sega Europe” or the “Offeror”)  a private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation (“Sega Corporation”)  a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of Japan  that  in turn  is directly and wholly owned by Sega Sammy Holdings Inc. (“SSHD”)  a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of Japan  with its shares listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange  and Rovio Entertainment Corporation (“Rovio” or the “Company”) announced on April 17  2023 that SSHD and Rovio had entered into a combination agreement (the “Combination Agreement”) pursuant to which the Offeror has made a voluntary recommended cash offer to the shareholders of Rovio to tender all their shares (“Shares”) and the option holders of Rovio to tender all their options (“Options”) in Rovio to the Offeror (the “Offer”)  and pursuant to which SSHD has transferred its rights and obligations to the Offeror (in accordance with its terms).The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the tender offer document relating to the Offer (the “Offer Document”).The Offer Document is available as of today  May 5  2023  in Finnish at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/pto/ and www.danskebank.fi/rovio-offer/ and in English at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/en/pto/ and www.danskebank.fi/rovio-offer-en/.The offer period for the Offer will commence on Monday May 8  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on July 3  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended or any extended offer period is discontinued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer (the “Offer Period”). The Offer is currently expected to be completed during the third quarter of 2023. The Offeror may extend the Offer Period in accordance with  and subject to  the terms and conditions of the Offer and applicable laws and regulations  in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Offer. The Offeror will announce  by way of stock exchange releases  any possible extension of the Offer Period as soon as practically possible as well as any other information required to be announced in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.The shareholders of Rovio are offered EUR 9.25 in cash for each validly tendered Share (the “Share Offer Price”) and the option holders of Rovio are offered EUR 1.48 in cash for each validly tendered Option (the “Option Offer Price”).The Share Offer Price has been determined based on 76 179 063 Shares and the Option Offer Price has been determined based on 742 300 Options. Should the Company increase the number of Shares as a result of any measure with a dilutive effect  excluding any subscription for the Company’s shares based on the Options  or in any other way distribute or transfer value to its shareholders or option holders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any settlement of the Offer (with the effect that any resulting distribution of funds is not payable to the Offeror)  then the Share Offer Price and the Option Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.The Board of Directors of Rovio  represented by a quorum comprising all members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously agreed to recommend in its statement issued pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the “Helsinki Takeover Code”) that the shareholders and option holders of Rovio accept the Offer. The Board of Directors of Rovio has received an opinion  dated April 17  2023  from Rovio’s financial adviser  Goldman Sachs International (“Goldman Sachs”)  that  as of April 17  2023 and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein  the EUR 9.25 in cash per Share to be paid to the shareholders (other than SSHD and its affiliates) pursuant to the Offer is fair from a financial point of view to such shareholders.Moor Holding AB  Brilliant Problems Oy  Adventurous Ideas Oy  Oy Impera Ab  Niklas Hed  Mert Can Kurum  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Veritas Pension Insurance Company Ltd.  who in aggregate hold approximately 49.1 percent of the outstanding Shares and votes in Rovio  have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Offer  subject to certain customary conditions. The undertakings are among other terms subject to the condition that the Offeror does not announce that it will no longer pursue or complete (or that it will cancel) the Offer  and that no other party announces a competing offer to acquire the Shares in Rovio for a consideration of at least EUR 9.72 per Share where Sega Europe does not within seven (7) business days match or exceed the competing offer by increasing the Share Offer Price.The completion of the Offer is  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer  subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or prior to the Offeror’s announcement of the final results of the Offer  including  among others  that all necessary approvals by competition authorities and other regulatory authorities have been received and that the Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any Shares otherwise held by the Offeror prior to the announcement of the final result of the Offer  on a fully diluted basis  more than 90 percent of the Shares and voting rights of the Company as calculated in accordance with Chapter 18 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) allowing the Offeror to commence compulsory redemption proceedings.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Offer and related instructions and an acceptance form to their customers who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders’ register of Rovio maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. Shareholders of Rovio who do not receive such instructions or an acceptance form from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (“Danske Bank”) by sending an e-mail to rovio-offer@danskebank.com  where such shareholders of Rovio can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Rovio whose Shares are nominee-registered and who wish to accept the Offer  must submit their acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by their custodian of the nominee-registered Shares. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Offer to these nominee-registered shareholders of Rovio.A shareholder of Rovio who wishes to accept the Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator that manages the shareholder’s book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator. Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period and/or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Offer enclosed to this stock exchange release) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Rovio submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable  or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The Offer may be accepted by an option holder registered during the Offer Period in the register of option holders  with the exception of Rovio and its subsidiaries. Evli Alexander Incentives Oy (“Evli”)  which manages Rovio’s Options  will send a notification of the Offer  including instructions and the relevant acceptance form  to all such option holders. Evli will instruct all holders of Options on the acceptance of the Offer through Evli’s website. Option holders who do not receive such notification from Evli can contact Danske Bank by sending an email to: rovio-offer@danskebank.com.An option holder registered during the Offer Period in the register of option holders wishing to accept the Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to Evli in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by Evli. The acceptance form shall be submitted so that it is received during the Offer Period or  if the Offer Period has been extended  during such extended Offer Period  however  always in accordance with the instructions of Evli. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable  or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The option holders may accept the Offer only in whole and regarding all of their Options. The option holders may not agree to sell only a portion of their Options.By accepting the Offer  the option holders authorise Evli to sell the Options to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. An option holder may accept the Offer only unconditionally and in relation to all of its Options and subject to the right to withdraw the Options tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. The Offeror may reject any partial tender of the Options. An option holder that has validly accepted the Offer and that has not properly withdrawn its acceptance in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer may not sell or otherwise dispose of its tendered Options unless otherwise provided by mandatory law.The preliminary result of the Offer will be announced by a stock exchange release on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended and discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of the preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion continuing to be fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares and Options in respect of which the Offer has been validly accepted and not validly withdrawn will be confirmed.The Offeror and its parent companies reserve the right to acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares and Options before  during and/or after the offer period outside the Offer in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki (“Nasdaq Helsinki”) or otherwise. Any purchases made or arranged will be disclosed in accordance with applicable rules.The terms and conditions of the Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).The Offeror and Sega Corporation have appointed BofA Securities Japan Co.  Ltd as financial adviser  Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch as arranger and Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd as legal adviser in connection with the Offer. Rovio has appointed Goldman Sachs International as financial adviser and Roschier  Attorneys Ltd. as legal adviser in connection with the Offer.Investor and Media enquiries:RovioFor investors:Alexandre Pelletier-NormandCEORovioIR@rovio.com+358 40 730 3442For media:Lotta BacklundHead of communications  RovioLotta.Backlund@rovio.comSega groupFor investors:Makoto TakahashiExecutive Vice President  Executive Officer  Managing Director of Corporate Planning Division  SSHDhd_ir@home.segasammy.co.jpFor media:Tarja Valde-Brown (Finland PR Advisor)Executive Senior Consultant  Partner  Eurofacts Oytarja.valde-brown@eurofacts.fiPeter OliverCentral Communications Director  Sega EuropePeter.oliver@sega.co.ukInformation about the Offer is made available at https://blueoffer.tenderoffer.fi/en.ABOUT THE OFFEROR AND SEGA CORPORATIONSega Europe is a UK private limited company  domiciled in the United Kingdom with its registered address at 27 Great West Rd  Brentford TW8 9BW  Middlesex  United Kingdom  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation. Sega Europe is the European distribution arm of Sega Corporation  a worldwide leader in interactive entertainment. Headquartered in Brentford  London  Sega Europe wholly owns some leading development studios  including Sports Interactive and Creative Assembly  the creators of Football Manager and Total War  respectively.Sega Corporation engages in the planning  development  sales  and operation of consoles  PCs  and mobile games  as well as arcade equipment. Sega Corporation also plans  develops and provides products based on characters  in the form of digital services and prizes  by utilizing expertise gained from the video game business. In the console  PC  and mobile game business  Sega Corporation develops content through its various studios in Japan and overseas and distributes them worldwide through its many marketing bases around the globe. In the arcade products business  Sega Corporation has developed many ground-breaking products that symbolized each era with innovation and creativity  such as prize machines  and medal games  in addition to various different arcade games. In order to strengthen global development capabilities  Sega Corporation has historically acquired numerous development studios  from the UK-based Creative Assembly in 2005  to the Japan-based ATLUS. CO.  LTD. (formerly  Index Corporation) in 2013  and the acquired studios have all greatly expanded in scale while also releasing many new titles across the globe.ABOUT ROVIORovio is a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Finland with its shares admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Rovio is a global mobile-first games company that creates  develops and publishes mobile games  which have been downloaded over 5 billion times. Rovio is best known for the global Angry Birds brand  which started as a popular mobile game in 2009  and has since evolved from games to various entertainment  animations and consumer products in brand licensing. Rovio has produced The Angry Birds Movie  and its sequel. The Company offers multiple mobile games and has eight game studios – one in Espoo (Finland)  one in Stockholm (Sweden)  one in Copenhagen (Denmark)  one in Barcelona (Spain)  two in Montreal and one in Toronto (Canada). The studios also include a subsidiary in Izmir (Turkey) called Ruby Oyun ve Yazılım Danışmanlık Sanayi Ticaret Anonim Şirketi  which was acquired in 2021. Most of the employees are based in Finland where Rovio is headquartered.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders and option holders of Rovio in the United StatesShareholders and option holders of Rovio in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Rovio is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) thereunder.The Offer is made for the Shares and Options of Rovio  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Offer is expected to be made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) of  and Regulation 14E  under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(d) under the Exchange Act  for a Tier II tender offer and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those applicable under the tender offer procedures and laws of the United States for domestic offers. In particular  the financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Offer is made to Rovio’s shareholders and option holders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders and option holders of Rovio to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this announcement  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders and option holders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Rovio’s other shareholders and option holders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and the consideration in the Offer must be increased to match any such consideration paid outside the Offer. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders and option holders of Rovio of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Rovio  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares or Options may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares or Options is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Offer.To the extent the Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. holders of Shares or Options  and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. It may be difficult for Rovio’s shareholders or option holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Rovio are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Rovio’s shareholders or option holders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Rovio or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Rovio or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court’s judgment.Forward-looking statementsThis stock exchange release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes”  “intends”  “may”  “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this stock exchange release.DisclaimerBofA Securities Japan Co.  Ltd  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Sega and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this release and will not be responsible to anyone other than Sega for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this release.Danske Bank A/S is authorised under Danish banking law. It is subject to supervision by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. Danske Bank A/S is a private  limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with its head office in Copenhagen where it is registered in the Danish Commercial Register under number 61126228.Danske Bank A/S (acting via its Finland Branch) is acting as a financial adviser to the Offeror and no other person in connection with these materials or their contents. Danske Bank A/S will not be responsible to any person other than the Offeror for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Danske Bank A/S  nor for providing any advice in relation to any matter referred to in these materials. Without limiting a person’s liability for fraud  Danske Bank A/S  nor any of its affiliates nor any of its respective directors  officers  representatives  employees  advisers or agents shall have any liability to any other person (including  without limitation  any recipient) in connection with the Offer.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Rovio and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this announcement. Neither Goldman Sachs International nor its affiliates  nor their respective partners  directors  officers  employees or agents are responsible to anyone other than Rovio for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this announcement.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.06,True,English,"['Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'Sega Europe Limited', 'public cash offer', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'options', 'May', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Sega Europe Limited Tender Offer', 'Sega Sammy Holdings Inc', 'Finnish Securities Markets Act', 'Finnish Securities Market Association', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'stock exchange releases', 'Helsinki Takeover Code', 'Moor Holding AB', 'Finnish language version', 'tender offer document', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'private limited company', 'extended offer period', 'Option Offer Price', 'public cash offer', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'Share Offer Price', 'Sega Corporation', 'financial adviser', 'financial point', 'Finnish time', 'English Finnish', 'OPTION HOLDERS', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW.', 'UNITED STATES', 'SECTION TITLED', 'combination agreement', 'third quarter', 'possible extension', 'record date', 'euro basis', 'Brilliant Problems', 'other information', 'dilutive effect', 'other way', 'resulting distribution', 'applicable laws', 'Monday May', 'The Offeror', 'EEST', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'options', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'England', 'Wales', 'turn', 'SSHD', 'April', 'rights', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'today', 'blueoffer', '9:30 a', 'July', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'order', 'completion', 'number', 'measure', 'subscription', 'value', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlement', 'funds', 'Board', 'Directors', 'quorum', 'members', 'statement', 'opinion', 'factors', 'assumptions', 'affiliates', 'view', '1:15', '4:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24399,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-of-minesto-ab-301816893.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Minesto AB,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 5  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Minesto AB  reg. no. 556719-4914 (""Minesto"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  7 June 2023 at 3 p.m. at Hotel Riverton at…","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 5  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Minesto AB  reg. no. 556719-4914 (""Minesto"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  7 June 2023 at 3 p.m. at Hotel Riverton at the address Stora Badhusgatan 26 in Gothenburg. The entrance opens and the registration starts at 2.30 p.m.Exercise voting rights at the general meetingAny shareholder wishing to participate at the Annual General Meeting must:i. be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday 29 May 2023  and  if the shares are nominee-registered  request that the nominee register the voting rights no later than Wednesday 31 May 2023  andii. have notified their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting to the Company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Registration of personal participation or participation by proxy""  in such time that the notification is received by the Company no later than 31 May 2023.Notification of personal participation or participation by proxyShareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy shall notify the Company no later than Wednesday 31 May 2023  either:i. by e-mail to [email protected]; orii. by post to Minesto AB  J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda  Sweden (mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2023"").The notification shall include name or company name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number as well as  where applicable  the number of assistants (maximum two).Anyone who does not wish to attend in person may exercise their right at the Annual General Meeting by proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent document of authorisation for the legal entity must be attached.To facilitate access to the Annual General Meeting powers of attorney  registration certificates and other authorisation documents should be received by the Company at the address Minesto AB  J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda (mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2023"") well in advance of the Annual General Meeting and preferably no later than Wednesday  31 May 2023.Please note that the notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting shall take place even if a shareholder wishes to exercise its rights at the Annual General Meeting by proxy. Submission of power of attorney shall not constitute a valid notification to the Annual General Meeting.A power of attorney form is available on the Company's website  www.minesto.com.Nominee registered sharesTo be entitled to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have caused their shares to be registered with a nominee must request that they be temporarily registered in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. The shareholder should provide notice to the nominee thereof in due time so that entry in the share register has taken place on Wednesday 31 May 2023.BusinessProposed agenda :1. Opening of the meeting;2. Election of chairperson of the meeting;3. Preparation and approval of the voting register;4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes;5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened;6. Approval of the agenda;7. Presentation by the CEO;8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report for the company and the group;9. Resolutions regarding:a. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet for the company and the group;b. allocation of the company's results according to the adopted balance sheet;c. discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO;10. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directors;11. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditors;12. Election of the Board of Directors;13. Election of auditor;14. Resolution regarding determination of principles for the nomination committee;15. Resolution regarding guidelines for compensation to senior executives;16. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles;17. Resolution regarding adjustment authorization;18. Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeIn accordance with the principles adopted by last year's Annual General Meeting  the nomination committee is composed of three directors  whereof two directors are appointed by the Company's largest shareholder as per 30 September 2022  and one director who has been convening. The nomination committee appoints a chairman from amongst its members.The nomination committee has consisted of Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (appointed by BGA Invest AB)  Göran Linder (appointed by Corespring New Technology AB) and Bengt Adolfsson (appointed chairman. The chairman of the nomination committee has been Git Sturesjö Adolfsson.Proposed resolutions by the nomination committee2. Election of chairperson of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes attorney Eric Ehrencrona or  in the event of an impediment  the person appointed by the nomination committee to be elected as the chair of the Annual General Meeting.10. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directorsThe nomination committee proposes that the number of directors for the period until the next Annual General Meeting is six and that one deputy director shall be appointed.11. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the fee per director elected shall be distributed as follows (the same price base amount level as last year): annual fee of four price base amounts to the chairman of the Board of Directors and annual fee of two price base amounts to directors not employed by the Company. The price-base amount per 2023 shall be applied upon resolution under this item.If the meeting resolves according to the nomination committee's proposal as regards the composition of the Board of Directors  the total fee will amount to twelve (ten) price base amounts.It is proposed that no fee shall be paid to the board of director's remuneration committee respectively auditors committee since these are made up of members of the board of directors.It is proposed that fees be paid to the auditor according to invoice approved by the Company.12. Election of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes re-election of directors of the board Bengt Adolfsson  Martin Edlund  Göran Linder  Jonas Millqvist and Git Sturesjö Adolfsson as well as new election of Joel Lybert. Andreas Gunnarsson is proposed to be re-elected as deputy director.Joel Lybert (born 1975) has a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from University of Kalmar and an IHM Advanced Certificate Business Development from IHM Business School. Johan Lybert is manging director of Granitor Systems AB and was managing director of Zander & Ingeström AB during the years 2019-2021. Joel Lybert has previously been  among other things  head of business unit industry costumer services and sales director on the business unit power and gas at Siemens during the years 2014-2019.The nomination committee proposes re-election of Jonas Millqvist as chairman of the Board of Directors.The proposed composition of the Board of Directors of the Company complies with the corporate governance code regarding independence. All directors except Martin Edlund are independent in relation to the Company and the company management. Jonas Millqvist  Martin Edlund  and Joel Lybert are independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders.13. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Ernst & Young AB (EY) as auditor of the Company. EY has informed that in the event it is re-elected  Andreas Mast will continue in his capacity as principal auditor.14. Resolution regarding determination of principles for the nomination committeeIt is proposed that the Company shall have a nominations committee consisting of three persons in accordance with last year's principles according to the following. Each of the Company's two largest shareholders in terms of voting power as of 30 September 2023 shall each have the right to appoint a member of the nomination committee. In addition  the nomination committee shall consist of the chairman of the Board of Directors who shall convene the first meeting. The nominations committee appoints the chairman of the committee.The nomination committee shall submit proposals to the 2024 Annual General Meeting for: a) election of chairman of the Annual General Meeting  b) resolution regarding number of board members  c) resolution regarding compensation to the chairman of the Board of Directors and each of the other directors d) election of board members  e) election of chairman of the board  f) resolution regarding remuneration to auditor  g) election of auditor  h) resolution regarding principles for appointing the nomination committee and i) resolution regarding principles for the nomination committee..If any of the two members of the nomination committee appointed by the two largest shareholders by voting power resign from the nomination committee prior to completion of its work  the shareholder appointing the resigning member shall have the right to appoint a new member. In case any of the two largest shareholders by voting power sells all  not only a portion  of its shares in the Company prior to the nomination committee completing its work  instead of such shareholder the third largest shareholder shall have the right to appoint a new member etc.Fees shall not be paid to members of the nomination committee. Upon request of the nomination committee  the Company shall  however  provide personnel resources to facilitate the work of the nomination committee  such as  for example  a secretary. If necessary  the Company shall also pay for other reasonable costs necessary for the work of the nomination committee.Proposed resolutions by the Board of Directors9 b. Resolution on allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company's results be allocated according to the Board of Directors' proposal in the annual report. The Board of Directors accordingly proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2022.15. Resolution regarding guidelines for compensation to senior executivesCompensation to senior managementSenior executives in the Company refer to the CEO and other members of the management group. The remuneration committee  which consists of the Board of Directors excluding the CEO  prepares the issue of adoption of guidelines for compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives  and proposes them to the board of directors.The Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for the determination of salaries and other compensation to senior management. For the purpose of ensuring that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives  the fundamental principle is that the senior executives must be offered employment terms and compensation on market terms.Salaries and other benefits: Compensation to the senior executives shall be comprised of a fixed salary and pension. The fixed salaries are normally reviewed on a calendar year basis. In addition to fixed salary  a variable salary may be implemented under the pre-requisite that the variable part never exceeds 25 percent of the yearly salary. In addition  senior management shall be entitled to customary non-monetary benefits such as  company cars and occupational healthcare. Other benefits may also be offered on an individual basis.Pension: Senior executives shall be offered pension terms that include a defined plan for provisions with premiums based on the entire basic salary. The pension provisions are individual and shall be in relation to the basic salary.Notice of termination period and severance pay: The notice period shall be a maximum of six months  if the Company gives the notice and a maximum of six months if the notice is given on the initiative of the senior executive. In the event of termination by the Company  severance pay may  in addition be paid in an amount corresponding to a maximum of six-monthly salaries.Incentive program: Resolution regarding share and share price-related incentive programs directed to senior executives shall be made by the Annual General Meeting.Remuneration Committee: The remuneration committee  i.e.  the board excluding the CEO  shall prepare issues regarding compensation principles  compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives. The more detailed principles for salary setting  pensions and other benefits shall be found in the salary policy established by the Remuneration Committee regarding senior executives.Deviations in individual cases: The Board of Directors shall be entitled to deviate from these guidelines where there is special cause for such an individual case.Compensation to Board of DirectorsCompensation to the Board of Directors is determined by the Annual General Meeting based on proposals from the nomination committee. However  the Board of Directors is entitled  in specific cases  to commission an individual director to perform consultancy services on behalf of the Company within their respective areas of competence. Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting shall  in these specific cases  be eligible to receive fees for services  which do not constitute board work. With respect to the services  a fee on market terms will be payable  which must be approved by the Board of Directors. This shall also be applicable if the work is carried out through a company wholly or partially owned by a board member.These guidelines correspond to the guidelines approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022.16. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or several occasions  on issue of shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles during the time until the next Annual General Meeting for payment in cash and/or with terms regarding set-off or issue in kind or otherwise with terms and thereby deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders.The number of shares that could be issued  or the number of shares that could be subscribed for through warrants  or the number of shares that convertibles could be converted into shall amount to a total maximum of 17 859 188 new shares representing a dilution amounting to ten per cent.The purpose of the authorization and the reason to deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders is that issues shall be possible for financing the company's business  commercialisation and development of the company's products and markets and/or acquisition of businesses  companies  or parts of companies and/or enable a broadening of the owner base of the Company.If the Board of Directors consider it appropriate to enable delivery of shares in connection with an issue as described above  the issue can be made at a subscription price corresponding to the share's quota value.The approval by the Annual General Meeting of this proposal in accordance with the above is valid only if supported by shareholders representing at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the votes represented at the meeting.17. Resolution regarding adjustment authorizationThe Board of Directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the Board of Directors shall be authorized to make such minor amendments and clarifications of the resolution by the Annual General Meeting that may prove necessary in connection with registration of the resolutions.Number of shares and votesAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 160 732 694. The Company holds no treasury shares.OtherPower of attorney forms and complete proposals for resolutions with adhering documents will be made available no later than two weeks prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting. The notice and documents as above will be made available at the Company on J A Wettergrens Gata 14 in Västra Frölunda  Sweden  and on the Company's website www.minesto.com and will be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their e-mail or postal address. The Extraordinary General Meeting's shareholder's register is available at the Company's office at the above address.The shareholders are reminded of the right to  at the Extraordinary General Meeting  request information from the Board of Directors and the Managing Director in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed please refer to the integrity policy available on Euroclear's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.Gothenburg in May 2023Minesto ABThe Board of DirectorsFor additional information  please contactCecilia Sernhage  Communications Manager+46 735 23 71 58[email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14621/3764353/2035444.pdf Press releaseSOURCE Minesto AB",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Minesto AB', 'Notice', 'J A Wettergrens Gata', 'Västra Frölunda', 'Corespring New Technology AB', 'Annual General Meeting powers', 'Göran Linder', 'BGA Invest AB', 'other authorisation documents', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Git Sturesjö Adolfsson', 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'Nominee registered shares', 'annual report', 'Bengt Adolfsson', 'Minesto AB', 'Hotel Riverton', 'Stora Badhusgatan', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'voting register', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'nomination committee', 'senior executives', 'last year', 'registration certificate', 'personal participation', 'voting rights', 'Monday 29 May', 'due time', 'adjustment authorization', 'one director', 'deputy directors', 'three directors', 'two directors', 'Wednesday 31 May', 'dated power', ""shareholders' register"", 'largest shareholder', 'valid notification', 'attorney form', 'company name', 'GOTHENBURG', 'notice', 'June', 'address', 'entrance', 'intention', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'heading', 'proxy', 'mail', 'post', 'envelope', 'assistants', 'Anyone', 'written', 'copy', 'access', 'advance', 'place', 'Submission', 'website', 'entry', 'Business', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairperson', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'group', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'results', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Board', 'principles', 'guidelines', 'compensation', 'issue', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', '30 September', 'chairman', 'members', '2.30', '9.', '12.']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,prnewswire.com
24400,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVOTEC-SE-436047/news/Evotec-SE-Statement-regarding-unscheduled-change-in-Qontigo-indices-43756062/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Evotec SE: Statement regarding unscheduled change in Qontigo indices,(marketscreener.com)   Hamburg  05 May 2023: Evotec has been informed that Qontigo  the index operator of Deutsche Boerse  has decided to remove Evotec from MDAX and TecDAX effective 09 May. The reason for the unexpected index change was explained with the…,Hamburg  05 May 2023:Evotec has been informed that Qontigo  the index operator of Deutsche Boerse  has decided to remove Evotec from MDAX and TecDAX effective 09 May. The reason for the unexpected index change was explained with the delay in the publication of the Company's audited Annual Financial Report.A cyber attack on Evotec was detected on 06 April. The Company immediately took steps to maintain IT security and remediate the impact. The Company also informed all relevant partners and authorities. While the preliminary results for FY2022 were already published on 28 March  and while all financials were again confirmed on 19 April  the attack has caused delays in the finalisation of the audited annual report  which was communicated upfront also on 19 April.Evotec complies with all Corporate Governance obligations in Germany and the USA. The Company is in close contact with the official regulatory authorities and has received their reassurance for the postponed publication of the annual report due to the cyber attack.Evotec expects to publish its fully audited Annual Report in mid-May and with this expects to and with this expects to continue to fulfil criteria and to be reinstated in the stock indices.,neutral,0.01,0.91,0.07,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Evotec SE', 'unscheduled change', 'Qontigo indices', 'Statement', 'Corporate Governance obligations', 'unexpected index change', 'official regulatory authorities', 'Annual Financial Report', 'index operator', 'annual report', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'IT security', 'relevant partners', 'preliminary results', 'close contact', 'stock indices', 'The Company', 'cyber attack', 'Hamburg', '05 May', 'Evotec', 'Qontigo', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'reason', 'delay', 'publication', '06 April', 'steps', 'impact', 'FY2022', '28 March', 'financials', '19 April', 'finalisation', 'Germany', 'USA', 'reassurance', 'mid-May', 'criteria']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24401,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/deutsche-boerse-ag-adr-dboey-declares-0-40-dividend/ar-AA1aOw2k,Deutsche Boerse AG - ADR (DBOEY) Declares $0.40 Dividend,Deutsche Boerse AG - ADR said on May 4  2023 that its board of directors declared a regular annual dividend of $0.40 per share. Previously  the company paid $0.34 per share. Shares must be purchased before the ex-div date of May 17 ,Deutsche Boerse AG - ADR said on May 4  2023 that its board of directors declared a regular annual dividend of $0.40 per share. Previously  the company paid $0.34 per share.Shares must be purchased before the ex-div date of May 17  2023 to qualify for the dividend. Shareholders of record as of May 18  2023 will receive the payment on June 5  2023.At the current share price of $17.71 / share  the stock's dividend yield is 2.24%.Learn to Harvest DividendsBuy Stock. Capture Dividend. Sell Stock. Repeat. This is the essence of dividend harvesting and you can do it easily with Fintel's Dividend Capture Calendar.What is the Fund Sentiment?There are 12 funds or institutions reporting positions in Deutsche Boerse AG - ADR. This is a decrease of 2 owner(s) or 14.29% in the last quarter. Average portfolio weight of all funds dedicated to DBOEY is 0.30%  a decrease of 0.12%. Total shares owned by institutions decreased in the last three months by 2.26% to 572K shares.Analyst Price Forecast Suggests 81.13% UpsideAs of April 24  2023  the average one-year price target for Deutsche Boerse AG - ADR is 32.08. The forecasts range from a low of 4.12 to a high of $63.13. The average price target represents an increase of 81.13% from its latest reported closing price of 17.71.See our leaderboard of companies with the largest price target upside.The projected annual revenue for Deutsche Boerse AG - ADR is 4 671MM. The projected annual non-GAAP EPS is 9.20.What are Other Shareholders Doing?© Provided by Fintel DBOEY / Deutsche Boerse AG - ADR Shares Held by InstitutionsTPIAX - Timothy Plan International Fund holds 188K shares. In it's prior filing  the firm reported owning 186K shares  representing an increase of 1.59%. The firm decreased its portfolio allocation in DBOEY by 8.92% over the last quarter.MNHCX - Pro-Blend(R) Maximum Term Series Class L holds 182K shares. No change in the last quarter.Fisher Asset Management holds 158K shares. In it's prior filing  the firm reported owning 163K shares  representing a decrease of 2.95%. The firm decreased its portfolio allocation in DBOEY by 1.53% over the last quarter.APITX - Yorktown Growth Fund Class L Shares holds 31K shares. No change in the last quarter.JINTX - Johnson International Fund holds 7K shares. No change in the last quarter.This story originally appeared on Fintel.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'ADR', 'DBOEY', 'Dividend', 'Pro-Blend(R) Maximum Term Series Class L', 'Yorktown Growth Fund Class L Shares', 'latest reported closing price', 'Timothy Plan International Fund', 'average one-year price target', 'Johnson International Fund', 'average price target', 'largest price target', 'Analyst Price Forecast', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Fisher Asset Management', 'Average portfolio weight', 'regular annual dividend', 'Dividend Capture Calendar', 'last three months', 'current share price', 'Fund Sentiment', 'Capture Dividend', 'annual revenue', 'portfolio allocation', 'Total shares', '572K shares', '188K shares', '186K shares', '182K shares', '158K shares', '163K shares', '31K shares', '7K shares', 'last quarter', 'ex-div date', '2 owner(s', 'GAAP EPS', 'prior filing', 'Other Shareholders', 'ADR Shares', 'Sell Stock', 'Fintel DBOEY', 'May', 'board', 'directors', 'company', 'record', 'payment', 'June', 'yield', 'Dividends', 'essence', 'harvesting', '12 funds', 'institutions', 'positions', 'decrease', 'April', 'forecasts', 'low', 'high', 'increase', 'companies', 'TPIAX', 'firm', 'MNHCX', 'change', 'APITX', 'JINTX', 'story', '0.', '2.']",2023-05-06,2023-05-06,msn.com
24402,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/celyad-oncology-announces-intent-voluntarily-050000705.html,Celyad Oncology Announces Intent to Voluntarily Delist American Depository Shares From Nasdaq,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on...,"Celyad Oncology SAMONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies  today announced that its Board of Directors has approved the voluntary delisting of its American Depositary Shares representing ordinary shares (“ADSs”) from the Nasdaq Global Market  termination of its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) facility and deregistration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) upon satisfaction of the requirements for deregistration. The Company will continue to be listed on Euronext Brussels.In connection with the intended delisting  the Company has given formal notice to The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) of its intention to voluntarily delist its ADSs. In order to implement the delisting  the Company intends to file a Form 25 with the SEC on or about May 15  2023. The delisting of the Company's ADSs will take effect no earlier than ten days after the date of that Form 25 filing. The Company expects that as a result of this voluntary delisting  the last trading day of its ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Global Market will be on or about May 24  2023. On and after such date  the ADSs of the Company will no longer be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and whether or not the Company's ADSs will be traded on the over-the-counter market thereafter will depend on the actions of shareholders and independent third parties  without the Company's involvement.As announced by the Company on April 4  2023  Nasdaq notified the Company on March 31  2023 that the Company that it failed to maintain the continued listing requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(A) for the Nasdaq Global Market  which requires that a listed company’s stockholders’ equity be at least $10.0 million. Further  on April 19  2023  as announced by the Company on April 24  2023  the Company received a notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that the minimum closing bid price per share of its ADSs was below $1.00 for a period of 30 consecutive business days and that the Company did not meet the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1).Story continuesThe Board of Directors has determined that the voluntary delisting of the Company’s ADSs will be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board’s decision was based on careful review of several factors  including the benefits to the Company of eliminating the costs of being listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and complying with the periodic reporting and related obligations under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  as well as eliminating the demands on management’s time of complying with the Nasdaq listing standards.On the date of this announcement  the Company will instruct Citibank  N.A.  as depositary (""Citibank"")  to issue the notice of terminating its ADR facility to the holders of ADSs according to the requirements under the deposit agreement  and the ADR facility will be terminated on or around June 4  2023 (the ""Termination Date""). Prior to termination of the deposit agreement  ADR holders are entitled to surrender their ADSs to Citibank for cancellation  and upon payment of the applicable fees  taxes and charges as provided in the deposit agreement  receive the underlying ordinary shares of the Company. Holders of ADSs should contact Citibank or  to the extent holding ADSs through a bank  broker or other nominee  should contact such bank  broker or nominee with any questions regarding the ADSs.The Company’s reporting obligations under applicable U.S. federal securities laws are expected to continue after the delisting from the Nasdaq Global Market and termination of the ADR facility. Following satisfaction of the relevant deregistration conditions under the applicable U.S. federal securities laws  the Company intends to terminate its reporting obligations under the applicable U.S. federal securities laws and to deregister the ADSs. The Company intends to release further information on such deregistration and termination of reporting obligations at a later date.The Company reserves the right  for any reason  to delay any of the filings described above  to withdraw them prior to effectiveness  and to otherwise change its plans in respect of delisting  termination of the ADR facility and deregistration and termination of its reporting obligations under applicable U.S. federal securities laws in any way.About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Forward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated potential benefits  transactions and partnerships  statements regarding the potential value of the Company’s IP  and statements regarding the voluntary delisting from Nasdaq. The words “will ” “believe ” “potential ” “continue ” “target ” “project ” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Celyad Oncology Contacts:Investor Contact: Media Contact: David GeorgesVP Finance and Administrationinvestors@celyad.com Caroline LonezR&D Communications and Business Developmentcommunications@celyad.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.32,0.31,True,English,"['American Depository Shares', 'Celyad Oncology', 'Intent', 'Nasdaq', 'applicable U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor', 'minimum closing bid price', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'next-generation CAR T candidates', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'continued listing requirement', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'last trading day', 'independent third parties', '30 consecutive business days', 'proprietary technology platforms', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'Nasdaq listing standards', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'American Depositary Shares', 'underlying ordinary shares', 'Celyad Oncology SA', 'relevant deregistration conditions', 'applicable fees', 'Exchange Commission', 'counter market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'stockholders’ equity', 'best interests', 'careful review', 'several factors', 'periodic reporting', 'related obligations', 'N.A.', 'deposit agreement', 'reporting obligations', 'true potential', 'intellectual property', 'solid tumors', 'hematological malignancies', 'New York', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Form 25 filing', 'other nominee', 'later date', 'voluntary delisting', 'formal notice', 'ADR facility', 'biotechnology company', 'The Company', 'ADR holders', 'Termination Date', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'CYAD', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ADSs', 'satisfaction', 'requirements', 'connection', 'intention', 'order', 'May', 'effect', 'result', 'actions', 'shareholders', 'involvement', 'April', 'March', 'Story', 'decision', 'benefits', 'costs', 'demands', 'management', 'time', 'announcement', 'Citibank', 'June', 'cancellation', 'payment', 'taxes', 'charges', 'extent', 'broker', 'questions', 'information', 'right', 'reason', 'filings', 'plans', 'respect', 'way', 'opportunities', 'development']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ontex-shareholders-meeting-resolutions-approved-160000639.html,Ontex shareholders’ meeting: all resolutions approved by a large majority,Aalst-Erembodegem  Belgium  May 05  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) held its annual shareholders' meeting today  followed by an...,"OntexAalst-Erembodegem  Belgium  May 05  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) held its annual shareholders' meeting today  followed by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting. All proposed resolutions were approved by the shareholders by a convincing majority.Among other things  the shareholders approved a fundamental adjustment to the remuneration policy. This will better align management remuneration with shareholder returns  with a strong emphasis on the share price in three years. The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting also renewed the authorizations for the board of directors within the framework of the authorized capital and for the acquisition of own shares.Chairman Hans Van Bylen said  ""I wish to sincerely thank the shareholders of Ontex for their very clear approval of all the resolutions that the board of directors had proposed to the shareholders’ meeting this year. Several of these resolutions will contribute to the accelerated implementation of our strategic reorientation.""The minutes of the annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings are available on Ontex's website at: https://ontex.com/agm-shareholder-information/Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 492 72 42 67 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Story continuesONTEX GROUP NV Korte Keppestraat 21 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) 0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division DendermondeAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.75,0.15,0.1,True,English,"['Ontex shareholders’ meeting', 'large majority', 'resolutions', 'Chairman Hans Van Bylen', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'Division Dendermonde Attachment', 'leading retailer brands', ""extraordinary shareholders' meetings"", 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'Ontex Group NV', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'lifestyle brands', 'Euronext Brussels', 'convincing majority', 'other things', 'fundamental adjustment', 'remuneration policy', 'management remuneration', 'shareholder returns', 'strong emphasis', 'share price', 'three years', 'authorized capital', 'clear approval', 'accelerated implementation', 'strategic reorientation', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'innovative products', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'Korte Keppestraat', 'RPR Ghent', 'Ontex brands', 'ontex.com', 'proposed resolutions', 'Aalst-Erembodegem', 'Belgium', 'May', 'authorizations', 'board', 'directors', 'framework', 'acquisition', 'shares', 'minutes', 'website', 'shareholder-information', 'Investors', 'Media', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '21 countries', 'headquarters', 'part', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Story']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-entering-final-contract-negotiations-053000659.html,NANOBIOTIX Entering Final Contract Negotiations Following Agreement to Non-Binding Term Sheet for Development and Commercialization of NBTXR3 With a Major Global Pharmaceutical Company,Company agreed to term sheet as of May 3  2023 PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ...,Nanobiotix S.A.Company agreed to term sheet as of May 3  2023PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  today announced that the Company is entering into final contract negotiations after agreement to a non-binding term sheet for development and commercialization of lead nanotherapeutic candidate NBTXR3 with a major global pharmaceutical company  following an extensive negotiation period.The arrangement is subject to  among other matters  negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement and each party’s requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to the definitive terms.The Company does not intend to make additional statements regarding negotiations unless and until it is appropriate to do so  or a final definitive agreement has been signed.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy; and a Phase 3 global registrational study was launched in 2021. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Story continuesNanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC  or lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a strategic collaboration strategy with world class partners to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The Company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “entering ” “intend ” “subject to ” and “until ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the negotiations regarding and entry into a definitive agreement for the development and commercialization arrangement with a major global pharmaceutical company and the significance of such an agreement for the Company. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that the Company and the major global pharmaceutical company will not reach a final and binding definitive agreement with respect to the development and commercialization of NBTXR3  including as a result of market conditions or the major global pharmaceutical company’s due diligence review or for any other reason in either party’s discretion  and the risk that either party will not obtain the requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to such definitive terms  if agreed. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com) may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR –Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communicationGlobal –LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.09,0.45,True,English,"['Major Global Pharmaceutical Company', 'Final Contract Negotiations', 'Non-Binding Term Sheet', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Agreement', 'Development', 'Commercialization', 'NBTXR3', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'requisite internal corporate approvals', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study', 'major global pharmaceutical company', 'Phase 3 global registrational study', 'significant tumor cell death', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Nanobiotix S.A. Company', 'applicable securities laws', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'dose expansion study', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'adaptive immune response', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'favorable safety data', 'strategic collaboration strategy', 'world class partners', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'Phase 1 dose escalation', 'lead nanotherapeutic candidate', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'non-binding term sheet', 'extensive negotiation period', 'United States Food', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'priority development pathways', 'lead product candidate', 'final contract negotiations', 'class oncology product', 'primary development pathway', 'final definitive agreement', 'Phase 3 study', 'primary cancer', 'market authorization', 'several Phase 1', 'Phase 2 studies', 'therapeutic combinations', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'definitive terms', 'solid tumor', 'tumor types', 'The Company', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'other matters', 'physical mechanism', 'advanced head', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'locoregional recurrent', 'liver metastases', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'The University', 'human life', '20 umbrella patents', 'brand name', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'additional statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Forward-looking statements', 'advanced HNSCC', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'physical MoA', 'treatment outcomes', 'Euronext Paris', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'May', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'commercialization', 'arrangement', 'execution', 'party', 'respect', 'radiotherapy', 'action', 'neck', 'efficacy', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'patients', 'Story', 'lung', 'parallel', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'management', 'assumptions', '2019']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-share-buyback-program-liquidity-061500889.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 2023  Bekaert...,"BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 29 345 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 27 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 4 401 41.88 42.18 41.46 184 314 MTF CBOE 3 360 41.93 42.16 41.54 140 885 MTF Turquoise 740 41.92 42.16 41.48 31 021 MTF Aquis 1 368 41.95 42.16 41.60 57 388 28 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 630 41.67 42.22 41.18 151 262 MTF CBOE 1 513 41.78 42.10 41.12 63 213 MTF Turquoise 317 41.75 42.04 41.54 13 235 MTF Aquis 462 41.73 42.10 41.30 19 279 1 May 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 2 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 4 233 41.45 42.02 41.32 175 458 MTF CBOE 2 226 41.47 41.80 41.28 92 312 MTF Turquoise 247 41.53 41.84 41.26 10 258 MTF Aquis 395 41.55 41.94 41.30 16 412 3 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 075 41.68 41.90 41.50 253 206 MTF CBOE 378 41.66 41.88 41.50 15 747 MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — Total 29 345 41.71 42.22 41.12 1 223 990Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 3 400 shares during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 000 shares on Euronext Brussels.Story continuesThe tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 April 2023 1 41.40 41.40 41.40 41 28 April 2023 1 799 41.54 41.90 41.20 74 730 1 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 2 May 2023 1 600 41.70 42.00 41.40 66 720 3 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 3 400 141 492Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 April 2023 2 000 41.88 42.20 41.60 83 760 28 April 2023 2 600 41.91 42.20 41.60 108 966 1 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 2 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 3 May 2023 400 41.60 41.60 41.60 16 640 Total 5 000 209 366The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 35 692 shares.On 3 May 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 013 863 own shares  or 5.29% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.45,0.24,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'total number', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '29 345 shares', '3 400 shares', '5 000 shares', '35 692 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '27 April', '3 May', '1 March', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '1 May', '2 May', '2 September', 'Story', '28 April', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '013 863']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gogl-2022-environmental-social-governance-203000252.html,GOGL – 2022 Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) Report,Golden Ocean Group Ltd (OSE/NYSE: GOGL) today released its fifth annual ESG Report. The 2022 report is prepared in accordance with the Marine Transportation ...,Golden Ocean Group LimitedGolden Ocean Group Ltd (OSE/NYSE: GOGL) today released its fifth annual ESG Report.The 2022 report is prepared in accordance with the Marine Transportation framework established by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  the disclosure requirements of the UN Global Compact as well as reporting guidelines for NASDAQ/Euronext stock exchanges.Ulrik Andersen  CEO  comments: “We are pleased to release our fifth comprehensive and stand-alone ESG report  which provides an opportunity to reflect on our ESG journey and demonstrate our progress.In 2021  we set ambitious emission reduction targets and aim to reduce our Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII) values by 15% by 2026 and 30% by 2030  compared to 2019. We have also set an ambition to reach net-zero by 2050.We are proud to report that we are well underway to achieve those targets. In 2022  we decreased our carbon intensity by 9.1% compared to our 2019 baseline.We invite you to read our report and hope you find it useful.”The ESG report can be found on the Company's website.For further queries  please contact:Ulrik Uhrenfeldt Andersen  Chief Executive Officer of Golden Ocean Management ASTelephone: +47 22 01 73 53May 5  2023Hamilton  BermudaThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['GOGL', 'Social', 'Governance', 'ESG', 'Report', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', 'Golden Ocean Group Limited', 'Golden Ocean Group Ltd', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'Golden Ocean Management AS', 'ambitious emission reduction targets', 'fifth annual ESG Report', 'Marine Transportation framework', 'UN Global Compact', 'NASDAQ/Euronext stock exchanges', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'stand-alone ESG report', 'The ESG report', 'Carbon Intensity Indicator', 'Ulrik Uhrenfeldt Andersen', 'Ulrik Andersen', 'fifth comprehensive', 'ESG journey', 'disclosure requirements', 'reporting guidelines', 'CII) values', '2022 report', 'GOGL', 'accordance', 'SASB', 'CEO', 'opportunity', 'progress', 'ambition', '2019 baseline', 'Company', 'website', 'queries', 'Telephone', 'May', 'Hamilton', 'Bermuda', 'information', 'Section']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/highco-shareholding-30-04-2023-071500984.html,HighCo: Shareholding as 30/04/2023,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of...,HIGHCOINFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) April 30  2023 20 455 403 439 482 22 814 633 22 375 151 March 31  2023 20 455 403 376 968 22 818 769 22 441 801 February 28  2023 20 455 403 319 981 22 818 769 22 498 788 January 31  2023 20 455 403 253 414 22 892 958 22 639 544 December 31  2022 20 455 403 250 392 22 948 713 22 698 321(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comStory continuesUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 2023Q3 and 9-months 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 20232023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Thursday  14 September 2023Earnings2023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.11,0.23,0.65,True,English,"['HighCo', 'Shareholding', '30', 'des marchés financiers', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', '2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'French Commercial Code', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'press releases', 'compartment C', 'Euronext Paris', '2023 Gross Profit', 'French Society', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Nicolas CASSAR', 'Analyst meeting', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', 'HIGHCO', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'April', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'Story', 'place', 'Q2', 'H1', 'Wednesday', 'Q3', '9-months', 'October', 'SFAF', 'Thursday', '14 September', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '11:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vallourec-015600953.html,Vallourec :,Vallourec: Availability of information relating to the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting of 25 May 2023 Meudon (France)  4 May 2023...,VALLOURECVallourec: Availability of information relating to the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting of 25 May 2023Meudon (France)  4 May 2023 – Vallourec's Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting will be held on 25 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. at Espace Chateauform le Metropolitan  13ter bd Berthier 75017 Paris.The prior notice of meeting published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires of April 19  2023  the notice of meeting including the agenda  draft resolutions and reports thereon  as well as the procedures for participating in the Meeting and voting are available on Vallourec's website ( www.vallourec.com ).The documents and information about the Shareholders' Meeting are available to shareholders  in accordance with the prevailing regulations  at Vallourec's registered office.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting-edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Story continuesFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel : +33 (0)1 49 09 39 77Investor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'new generation power plants', 'new technological frontiers', '13ter bd Berthier', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'cutting-edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Individual shareholders', 'Combined (Ordinary', 'Espace Chateauform', 'draft resolutions', 'prevailing regulations', 'registered office', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Press relations', 'prior notice', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'VALLOUREC Vallourec', 'Availability', 'information', '25 May', 'Meudon', 'France', '4 May', 'Metropolitan', 'Paris', 'Bulletin', 'April', 'agenda', 'reports', 'procedures', 'voting', 'website', 'documents', 'accordance', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Story', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment', '2:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-190000734.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from ATLAS,Regulated Information - Denominator Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 14 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 350 000 capital...,Oxurion NVRegulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 14 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 350 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 5  2023 – 09.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 52 257 525 new ordinary shares on May 2  2023  for a total amount of EUR 250 000  as the result of the conversion of 10 convertible bonds  and (ii) 22 182 786 new ordinary shares on May 5  2023  for a total amount of EUR 100 000  as the result of the conversion of 4 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 755 762 036 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 681 321 725 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 78 956 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 755.762.036 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 755.762.036 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);142 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  and April 20  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.14,0.56,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'ATLAS', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Oxurion NV Regulated Information', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 350,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '52,257,525 new ordinary shares', '22,182,786 new ordinary shares', '755,762,036 outstanding ordinary shares', '681,321,725 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'regulated market', 'Share capital', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', '14 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '10 convertible bonds', '142 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'voting rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'total number', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', '09.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'terms', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obl']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24410,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vallourec-resume-full-production-pau-180300216.html,Vallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mine,Vallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mine Meudon  France  5 May 2023 – Vallourec has obtained the necessary permissions from the...,VALLOURECVallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mineMeudon  France  5 May 2023 – Vallourec has obtained the necessary permissions from the state mining and environmental authorities for the full release of the Cachoeirinha core waste pile. The Pau Branco iron ore mine is set to return to full production by the end of Q2 2023 at the latest.Operations at the Pau Branco mine were temporarily suspended in January 2022 following flooding-related damage to its core Cachoeirinha waste pile. Operations were partially restarted in May 2022 using alternative waste piles  albeit at lower-than-normal capacity levels. The production sold in 2022 reached 4.0 million tonnes  well below the full potential of 8.7 million tonnes per annum. Vallourec now confirms that production sold in Q1 2023 was in line with guidance for approximately 1.5 million tonnes  and April production sold was approximately 0.6 million tonnes. The mine is now expected to return to its full production potential by the end of Q2 2023 at the latest.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec  commented: “We are delighted at the prospect of fully reopening our Pau Branco mine and the resumption of normal operations. This will enable our mining business to contribute more meaningfully to the financial performance of Vallourec.”About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Story continuesListed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50h eloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.07,0.5,True,English,"['Pau Branco iron ore mine', 'full production', 'Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'The Pau Branco iron ore mine', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'cutting edge R&D', 'Cachoeirinha core waste pile', 'core Cachoeirinha waste pile', 'new generation power plants', 'Pau Branco mine', 'alternative waste piles', 'new technological frontiers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'normal capacity levels', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'full production potential', 'full potential', 'full release', 'necessary permissions', 'state mining', 'environmental authorities', 'flooding-related damage', '4.0 million tonnes', '8.7 million tonnes', '1.5 million tonnes', '0.6 million tonnes', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'mining business', 'financial performance', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Investor relations', 'Press relations', 'Individual shareholders', 'April production', 'normal operations', 'Ticker VK', 'Connor Lynagh', 'VALLOUREC Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'May', 'end', 'Q2', 'January', 'lower', 'annum', 'Q1', 'line', 'guidance', 'Chairman', 'prospect', 'resumption', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Story', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24411,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662271/0/en/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-FIRST-QUARTER-RESULTS-2023.html,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: FIRST QUARTER RESULTS 2023,Date: 5 May 2023          Release: Before opening of Euronext          Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:    ......,Date: 5 May 2023          Release: Before opening of Euronext          Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:    ......,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'FIRST QUARTER RESULTS', 'following link', 'full report', 'Date', '5 May', 'Release', 'opening', 'Euronext', 'annexes']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24412,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMER-INDUSTRIES-S-P-A-55886715/news/Comer-Eagles-Oak-announce-discontinuation-of-management-and-coordination-43764153/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Comer  Eagles Oak announce discontinuation of management and coordination,(marketscreener.com) Comer Industries Spa on Friday disclosed that as part of the listing process on Euronext Milan  Eagles Oak Srl  the owner of 51.05 percent of the company's share capital  announced that as of the date when trading of Comer Industries' sha…,(Alliance News) - Comer Industries Spa on Friday disclosed that as part of the listing process on Euronext Milan  Eagles Oak Srl  the owner of 51.05 percent of the company's share capital  announced that as of the date when trading of Comer Industries' shares on Euronext Milan begins  it will cease exercising direction and coordination over Comer Industries itself.Comer closed veenday in the green by 0.3 percent at EUR32.90 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Eagles Oak', 'Comer', 'discontinuation', 'management', 'coordination', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Eagles Oak Srl', 'Comer Industries Spa', 'listing process', 'Euronext Milan', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'share capital', 'Friday', 'part', 'owner', '51.05 percent', 'company', 'date', 'trading', 'shares', 'direction', 'coordination', 'green', '0.3 percent', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24413,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AEFFE-S-P-A-410429/news/Aeffe-S-p-A-PR-Integration-of-Board-Illustrative-Report-43752710/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Aeffe S p A : PR Integration of Board Illustrative Report,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   INTEGRATION AND CLARIFICATION OF THEBPARD ILLUSTRATIVE REPORT CONCERNING THE EXTRAORDINARY AND ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALLED FOR THE 8TH OF JUNE 2023   San Giovanni in Marignano  5h May 2023 - Aeffe SpA  …,"PRESS RELEASEINTEGRATION AND CLARIFICATION OF THEBPARD ILLUSTRATIVE REPORT CONCERNING THE EXTRAORDINARY AND ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALLED FOR THE 8TH OF JUNE 2023San Giovanni in Marignano  5h May 2023 - Aeffe SpA  a company listed in the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana  which operates in the luxury sector with a presence in the prêt-à-porter  footwear and leather goods division under renowned brand names such as Alberta Ferretti  Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini  Moschino  Pollini  with reference to Board Illustrative Report pursuant to para. 1 of art. 125-ter of Legislative decree 58 dated 24th February 1998  as amended (the ""TUF"") and art. 84-ter of the regulations adopted by Consob Resolution No. 11971 dated 14th May 1999  as amended (the ""Issuers' Regulation"") concerning the Extraordinary and Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting called for the 8th of June 2023 (the ""Illustrative Report"")  communicates that the latter has been modified and integrated with reference to the modification's proposals of articles 12.2  15.6 and 22.8.The updated and corrected Illustrative Report is available for consultation at Company's registeredoffices  on the Company's website at the following address https://aeffe.com/it/documenti- relativi-alle-assemblee-degli-azionisti/(please select English language) as well as on the e- marketstorage authorized platform (www.emarketstorage.it).Contacts:Investor Relations Press Relations AEFFE Spa Barabino & Partners Matteo Scarpellini Marina Riva Investor.relations@aeffe.com M.Riva@barabino.it +39 0541 965211 +39 02 720235352",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Board Illustrative Report', 'Aeffe S', 'PR Integration', 'Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'Matteo Scarpellini Marina Riva', 'Investor Relations Press Relations', 'Euronext Milan market', 'leather goods division', 'renowned brand names', 'Consob Resolution No.', 'marketstorage authorized platform', 'THEBPARD ILLUSTRATIVE REPORT', 'Board Illustrative Report', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'AEFFE Spa Barabino', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'M.Riva', 'San Giovanni', '5h May', 'Borsa Italiana', 'luxury sector', 'prêt', 'Alberta Ferretti', 'Legislative decree', ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'following address', 'English language', 'INTEGRATION', 'CLARIFICATION', 'EXTRAORDINARY', '8TH', 'JUNE', 'Marignano', 'company', 'presence', 'porter', 'footwear', 'Moschino', 'Pollini', 'reference', 'para.', 'art.', 'TUF', 'regulations', 'latter', 'modification', 'proposals', 'articles', 'consultation', 'offices', 'website', 'assemblee', 'azionisti', 'Contacts', 'Partners']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662723/0/en/Ontex-shareholders-meeting-all-resolutions-approved-by-a-large-majority.html,Ontex shareholders’ meeting: all resolutions approved by a large majority,Aalst-Erembodegem  Belgium  May 05  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) held its annual shareholders' meeting today  followed by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting. All proposed resolutions were approved by the shareholders by a convincing ma…,"English DutchAalst-Erembodegem  Belgium  May 05  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) held its annual shareholders' meeting today  followed by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting. All proposed resolutions were approved by the shareholders by a convincing majority.Among other things  the shareholders approved a fundamental adjustment to the remuneration policy. This will better align management remuneration with shareholder returns  with a strong emphasis on the share price in three years. The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting also renewed the authorizations for the board of directors within the framework of the authorized capital and for the acquisition of own shares.Chairman Hans Van Bylen said  ""I wish to sincerely thank the shareholders of Ontex for their very clear approval of all the resolutions that the board of directors had proposed to the shareholders’ meeting this year. Several of these resolutions will contribute to the accelerated implementation of our strategic reorientation.""The minutes of the annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings are available on Ontex's website at: https://ontex.com/agm-shareholder-information/Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 492 72 42 67 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .ONTEX GROUP NV Korte Keppestraat 21 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) 0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division DendermondeAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Ontex shareholders’ meeting', 'large majority', 'resolutions', 'Chairman Hans Van Bylen', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'Division Dendermonde Attachment', 'leading retailer brands', ""extraordinary shareholders' meetings"", 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'Ontex Group NV', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'lifestyle brands', 'English Dutch', 'Euronext Brussels', 'convincing majority', 'other things', 'fundamental adjustment', 'remuneration policy', 'management remuneration', 'shareholder returns', 'strong emphasis', 'share price', 'three years', 'authorized capital', 'clear approval', 'accelerated implementation', 'strategic reorientation', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'innovative products', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'Korte Keppestraat', 'RPR Ghent', 'Ontex brands', 'ontex.com', 'Aalst-Erembodegem', 'Belgium', 'May', 'resolutions', 'authorizations', 'board', 'directors', 'framework', 'acquisition', 'shares', 'minutes', 'website', 'shareholder-information', 'Investors', 'Media', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '21 countries', 'headquarters', 'part', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000474.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1327 £ 23.9790 Estimated MTD return 0.22 % 0.25 % Estimated YTD return -2.29 % -1.83 % Estimated ITD return 171.33 % 139.79 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.65 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.8517 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.0445The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-awarded-largest-agreement-history-055000968.html,Nexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT,Nexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT _PRESS RELEASE_ Nexans awarded frame agreement by TenneT...,"NexansNexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans awarded frame agreement by TenneT for turnkey high v oltage direct current projects for o ffshore wind farmsThe agreement includes an initial commitment for three grid connection projects of an initial value of 1.7bn EUR for cable s and installation onlyThe se projects will contribute to the acceleration of Germany’s energy transition and further increase energy security in Europe ; they will be operational between 2029 and 2031Nexans  through its innovative 525 kV subsea cable system  will provide a total of 6 GW of energy from the North Sea to Germany.Paris  May 5  2023 – Nexans  a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has been awarded a frame agreement by TenneT  the Transmission System Operator (TSO) for the Netherlands and a significant part of Germany.Under this frame  Nexans will be responsible for three grid projects  connecting the future offshore wind farms BalWin 3  LanWin 4  LanWin 2  in the German North Sea to main land. The initial value is 1.7bn EUR  with major subcontracted works to be added once the project-specific call-offs are signed.Nexans will be responsible for the full Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation – including civil works (EPCI) of over 2 160 km of subsea and land cables.In 2022  Nexans made a major step forward with the successful development and testing of the first 525 kV DC cable with key features to enable a substantial increase in transmission capacity. The awarded projects are the first in which the Nexans group is deploying its breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology  specifically designed to support the energy transition. The subsea cables will be manufactured at Nexans’ flagship factory in Halden  Norway.After the successful completion of the DolWin 6 project and the award of the BorWin 6 project in 2022  the frame agreement continues Nexans’ long-term partnership with TenneT  contributing to the acceleration of Germany’s energy transition. It confirms that Nexans is a reliable partner to support the energy transition and reduce net GHG emissions to meet the carbon neutrality targets set at COP21.Story continuesVincent Dessale  Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Nexans said: ""The uncertainty on the energy supply has again underlined the need to invest in offshore grids throughout Europe. This can only happen by creating strong and long term partnerships between suppliers and transmission system operators. The frame agreement developed by TenneT is the perfect answer to those challenges  and is consistent with Nexans’ risk reward model. Nexans is proud to be involved in the ground-breaking developments and delighted to be trusted by TenneT. Our expertise in this field has allowed us to be at the forefront of the energy transition via offshore wind globally.""Nexans’ commitment to sustainability  focus on electrification  development of innovative technologies dedicated to HVDC projects  and investments in new production capacity  vessels and subsea cable protection tools  position the Group as a major player of the energy transition.Tim Meyerjürgens  COO TenneT says: “After recent awarding of the first five cable connections and the announcement of the suppliers for the sea- and land-based converter stations  we are again very proud to announce the partners for the multi-year agreement to produce and install the cables for these crucial and innovative grid connection systems for the energy transition.”About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91mael.evin@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.0,positive,0.9,0.05,0.05,True,English,"['largest agreement', 'energy transition', 'Nexans', 'history', 'Europe', 'TenneT', 'turnkey high v oltage direct current projects', 'breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology', 'innovative 525 kV subsea cable system', 'Senior Executive Vice President', 'first 525 kV DC cable', 'four main business areas', 'first five cable connections', 'subsea cable protection tools', 'three grid connection projects', 'innovative grid connection systems', 'Nexans’ risk reward model', 'future offshore wind farms', 'three grid projects', 'net GHG emissions', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'long term partnerships', 'Tim Meyerjürgens', 'land-based converter stations', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'Transmission System Operator', 'German North Sea', 'carbon neutrality targets', 'new production capacity', 'major subcontracted works', 'Nexans’ flagship factory', 'Nexans’ long-term partnership', 'cable systems', 'innovative technologies', 'first company', 'offshore grids', 'se projects', 'HVDC projects', 'main land', 'transmission capacity', 'subsea cables', 'civil works', 'new world', 'major step', 'major player', 'initial commitment', 'initial value', 'significant part', 'project-specific call-offs', 'full Engineering', 'key features', 'substantial increase', 'successful completion', 'DolWin 6 project', 'BorWin 6 project', 'reliable partner', 'Vincent Dessale', 'perfect answer', 'ground-breaking developments', 'recent awarding', 'a century', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor relations', 'largest agreement', 'multi-year agreement', 'energy transition', 'energy security', 'energy supply', 'land cables', 'Euronext Paris', 'frame agreement', 'The Group', 'successful development', 'crucial role', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Nexans’ commitment', 'Havas Paris', 'COO TenneT', 'Nexans group', 'TenneT.', 'history', 'Europe', '1.7bn', 'installation', 'acceleration', 'Germany', 'total', '6 GW', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'TSO', 'Netherlands', 'BalWin', 'LanWin', 'Procurement', 'Construction', 'EPCI', '2,160 km', 'testing', 'Halden', 'Norway', 'COP21', 'uncertainty', 'need', 'strong', 'suppliers', 'challenges', 'expertise', 'field', 'forefront', 'sustainability', 'electrification', 'investments', 'vessels', 'announcement', 'planet', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-113278538/news/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-FIRST-QUARTER-RESULTS-2023-43752017/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: FIRST QUARTER RESULTS 2023,(marketscreener.com) Date: 5 May 2023 Release: Before opening of Euronext Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:  Attachment  FULL PRESS RELEASE   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-…,(marketscreener.com) Date: 5 May 2023 Release: Before opening of Euronext Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:  Attachment  FULL PRESS RELEASE   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'FIRST QUARTER RESULTS', 'FULL PRESS RELEASE', 'full report', 'following link', 'Date', '5 May', 'opening', 'Euronext', 'annexes', 'Attachment', 'marketscreener']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662844/0/en/Galapagos-creates-new-subscription-right-plans.html,Galapagos creates new subscription right plans,Mechelen  Belgium; 5 May 2023  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announced today that its Board of Directors created 1 975 000 subscription rights under new subscription right plans for the benefit of certain members of…,English DutchMechelen  Belgium; 5 May 2023  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announced today that its Board of Directors created 1 975 000 subscription rights under new subscription right plans for the benefit of certain members of the personnel of the company and its subsidiaries.On 5 May 2023  the Board of Directors of Galapagos approved “Subscription Right Plan 2023 BE”  intended for members of personnel of the company and its Belgian subsidiary  “Subscription Right Plan 2023 RMV ” intended for the employees of its French subsidiary  Galapagos SASU  and “Subscription Right Plan 2023 ROW”  intended for the employees of its other non-Belgian subsidiaries  within the framework of the authorized capital. Under these subscription right plans  1 975 000 subscription rights were created  subject to acceptances  and offered to the beneficiaries of the plans.The subscription rights have an exercise term of eight years as of the date of the offer and have an exercise price of €35.11 (the average closing price of the Galapagos share on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam during the 30 calendar days preceding the date of the offer). Subject to the applicable plan rules  the subscription rights under Subscription Right Plan 2023 BE can not be exercised prior to 1 January 2027. The subscription rights under Subscription Right Plan 2023 RMV and Subscription Right Plan 2023 ROW vest and become exercisable in instalments: with 25% of each grant being exercisable as of 1 January 2025  25% as of 1 January 2026 and 50% as of 1 January 2027. Each subscription right gives the right to subscribe to one new Galapagos share. Should the subscription rights be exercised  Galapagos will apply for the listing of the resulting new shares on a regulated stock market. The subscription rights as such will not be listed on any stock market.Galapagos’ total share capital currently amounts to €356 444 938.61; the total number of securities conferring voting rights is 65 897 071  which is also the total number of voting rights (the “denominator”)  and all securities conferring voting rights and all voting rights are of the same category. The total number of rights to subscribe to not yet issued securities conferring voting rights is (i) 10 674 631 subscription rights under several outstanding employee subscription right plans  which equals 10 674 631 voting rights that may result from the exercise of those subscription rights  and (ii) one subscription right issued to Gilead Therapeutics to subscribe for a maximum number of shares that is sufficient to bring the shareholding of Gilead and its affiliates to 29.9% of the actually issued and outstanding shares after the exercise of the subscription right. This excludes the 1 975 000 subscription rights of Subscription Right Plan 2023 BE  Subscription Right Plan 2023 RMV and Subscription Right Plan 2023 ROW  which were created subject to acceptance. Galapagos does not have any convertible bonds or shares without voting rights outstanding.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to commercialized programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactsMedia relations contactMarieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor relations contactSofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143Sandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  unless specifically required by law or regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.29,0.46,True,English,"['new subscription right plans', 'Galapagos', 'several outstanding employee subscription right plans', 'new subscription right plans', 'one new Galapagos share', 'one subscription right', 'applicable plan rules', 'high unmet needs', 'R&D capabilities', 'multiple drug modalities', 'Media relations contact', 'Investor relations contact', 'Sofie Van Gijsel', 'average closing price', 'resulting new shares', 'total share capital', 'integrated biotechnology company', 'other non-Belgian subsidiaries', 'regulated stock market', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'outstanding shares', '1,975,000 subscription rights', '10,674,631 subscription rights', 'regulated information', 'authorized capital', 'other indications', 'total number', 'English Dutch', 'Belgian subsidiary', 'French subsidiary', 'eight years', 'exercise price', '30 calendar days', 'same category', 'maximum number', 'convertible bonds', 'innovative medicines', 'patients’ lives', 'small molecules', 'cell therapies', 'first medicine', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'additional information', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'future results', 'voting rights', 'Galapagos NV', 'Galapagos SASU', 'exercise term', 'Euronext Brussels', 'ROW vest', 'Gilead Therapeutics', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '5 May', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'Board', 'Directors', 'benefit', 'members', 'personnel', 'RMV', 'employees', 'framework', 'acceptances', 'beneficiaries', 'date', 'offer', 'Amsterdam', '1 January', 'instalments', 'grant', 'listing', 'securities', 'denominator', 'shareholding', 'affiliates', 'diseases', 'portfolio', 'discovery', 'programs', 'immunology', 'oncology', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'release', 'guarantees', 'publication', 'document', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/celyad-oncology-reports-first-quarter-050000424.html,Celyad Oncology reports first quarter 2023 financial results and recent business highlights,Presentation of updated data on our multiplex shRNA platform  which allows targeting of up to four genes simultaneouslyPublication of results from the THINK ...,Celyad Oncology SAPresentation of updated data on our multiplex shRNA platform  which allows targeting of up to four genes simultaneouslyPublication of results from the THINK trial  which provided proof-of-concept of our NKG2D-based CAR T-cell approachMONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies  today reports its financial results for the first quarter of 2023 and provides an update on recent business developments.“Celyad Oncology is now fully committed to leveraging its expertise  know-how and intellectual property (IP) portfolio with the goal of providing innovative solutions to overcome the current limitations of CAR T-cell approaches. We have generated exiting data from our short hairpin RNA (shRNA)-based multiplexing platform  which highlights the versatility and adaptability of the technology. We also have made significant progress with our dual CAR program  for which we anticipate sharing an update at international conferences in the upcoming months ” commented Georges Rawadi  Chief Executive Officer of the Company.Corporate highlightsGeorges Rawadi was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the CompanyOperational highlightsshRNA multiplexing platform : Data validating our shRNA multiplexing approach  which allows to down-regulate several genes simultaneously  were presented at the World Oncology Cell Therapy Congress in Boston  US (April 25-26  2023): We developed a microRNA (miRNA)-based multiplex shRNA platform designed for easy  efficient  and tunable knock-down regulation of up to four target genes simultaneously; Furthermore  we showed that the down-regulation of each target gene could be fine-tuned  from a moderate down-regulation up to achieving a functional knock-out  all without the need of gene editing and thus avoiding associated potential safety issues; The plug-and-play design of our platform is designed to allow for swapping each target sequence without affecting performance  streamlining the generation of engineered adoptive T-cell therapies; and To demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach  we have been able to simultaneous knock down in CAR T-cells several genes involved in different cellular processes such as alloreactivity (CD3ζ)  cell persistence (β2M  CIITA)  T-cell exhaustion (PD-1  LAG-3)  or ligand-induced apoptosis (CD95).NKG2D-based CAR T-cells : Results from the hematological arm of the Phase I THINK trial have been published in The Lancet Haematology journal (Lancet Haematol. 2023 Mar;10(3):e191-e202). Data from the 16 patients treated in the dose-escalation segment provided proof-of-concept of targeting NKG2D ligands by CAR T-cell therapy. Further development of NKG2D-based CAR T-cells are warranted  potentially via combinatorial approaches or further CAR optimization to improve anti-tumor efficacy; andWe continue to progress on the development of NKG2D-based dual CARs and B7-H6-targeting CAR T-cells  with the aim of broadening the landscape of CAR T-cell therapies.Story continuesFinancial highlights – First quarter 2023 financial reviewAs of March 31  2023  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €9.2 million ($10.0 million). Net cash burn during the first quarter of 2023 amounted to €3.2 million  in line with expectations.The Company projects that its existing cash and cash equivalents should be sufficient to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the fourth quarter of 2023.After due consideration of detailed budgets and estimated cash flow forecasts for the years 2023 and 2024  the Company continues to project that its existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to fund its estimated operating and capital expenditures over at least the next 12 months from the date that this release is issued.The Company is currently evaluating different financing options to obtain the required funding to extend the Company’s cash runway beyond 12 months from the date this release is issued.Financial Calendar 2023August 3rd  2023 First Half 2023 Interim Results November 9th  2023 Third Quarter 2023 Business UpdateThe financial calendar is communicated on an indicative basis and may be subject to change.Upcoming Anticipated MilestonesThe Company will provide an update on its dual CAR platform and business development in the first half of 2023; andThe Company anticipates fundraising in the first half of 2023.Upcoming ConferencesThe Company will take part in the Immuno-Oncology Summit in London (June 20-22  2023) and the BIO International Convention in Boston (June 5-8  2023).About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking StatementThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s future business plans  statements regarding the Company’s plans to raise additional capital  and statements regarding the continuation of the Company’s existence. The words “will ” “potential ” “continue ” “target ” “project ” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Celyad Oncology Contacts:Investor Contact: Media Contact: David GeorgesVP Finance and Administrationinvestors@celyad.com Caroline LonezR&D Communications and Business Developmentcommunications@celyad.comSource: Celyad Oncology SA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.18,0.32,True,English,"['first quarter 2023 financial results', 'recent business highlights', 'Celyad Oncology', 'microRNA (miRNA)-based multiplex shRNA platform', 'World Oncology Cell Therapy Congress', 'innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor', 'shRNA)-based multiplexing platform', 'engineered adoptive T-cell therapies', 'estimated cash flow forecasts', 'Phase I THINK trial', 'The Lancet Haematology journal', 'NKG2D-based CAR T-cell approach', 'First quarter 2023 financial review', 'shRNA multiplexing platform', 'CAR T-cell therapy', 'shRNA multiplexing approach', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'CAR T-cell therapies', 'dual CAR platform', 'NKG2D-based dual CARs', 'short hairpin RNA', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'different cellular processes', 'different financing options', 'dual CAR program', 'NKG2D-based CAR T-cells', 'B7-H6-targeting CAR T-cells', 'CAR T-cell approaches', 'potential safety issues', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'BIO International Convention', 'recent business developments', 'Upcoming Anticipated Milestones', 'Net cash burn', 'tunable knock-down regulation', 'proprietary technology platforms', 'Celyad Oncology SA', 'four target genes', 'cell persistence', 'T-cell exhaustion', 'innovative solutions', 'CAR optimization', 'four genes', 'international conferences', 'combinatorial approaches', 'capital expenditures', 'true potential', 'Financial highlights', 'fourth quarter', 'Financial Calendar', 'Third Quarter', 'target sequence', 'First Half', 'Upcoming Conferences', 'several genes', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'cash runway', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'intellectual property', 'IP) portfolio', 'current limitations', 'significant progress', 'upcoming months', 'Georges Rawadi', 'Corporate highlights', 'Operational highlights', 'moderate down-regulation', 'functional knock-out', 'gene editing', 'play design', 'simultaneous knock', 'ligand-induced apoptosis', 'hematological arm', 'dose-escalation segment', 'NKG2D ligands', 'anti-tumor efficacy', 'due consideration', 'detailed budgets', 'indicative basis', 'Immuno-Oncology Summit', 'financial results', 'The Company', 'updated data', 'exiting data', 'next 12 months', 'Business Update', 'biotechnology company', 'Further development', 'operating expenses', 'Interim Results', 'Presentation', 'Publication', 'proof', 'concept', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'CYAD', 'expertise', 'know-how', 'goal', 'versatility', 'adaptability', 'Boston', 'April', 'need', 'associated', 'plug', 'performance', 'generation', 'effectiveness', 'alloreactivity', 'CD3ζ', 'β2M', 'CIITA', 'PD-1', 'LAG', '16 patients', 'aim', 'landscape', 'Story', 'March', 'line', 'expectations', 'years', 'release', 'funding', 'August', 'change', 'fundraising', 'part', 'London', 'June', 'discovery', 'opportunities']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662287/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023  Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March...,"English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 29 345 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 27 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 4 401 41.88 42.18 41.46 184 314 MTF CBOE 3 360 41.93 42.16 41.54 140 885 MTF Turquoise 740 41.92 42.16 41.48 31 021 MTF Aquis 1 368 41.95 42.16 41.60 57 388 28 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 630 41.67 42.22 41.18 151 262 MTF CBOE 1 513 41.78 42.10 41.12 63 213 MTF Turquoise 317 41.75 42.04 41.54 13 235 MTF Aquis 462 41.73 42.10 41.30 19 279 1 May 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 2 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 4 233 41.45 42.02 41.32 175 458 MTF CBOE 2 226 41.47 41.80 41.28 92 312 MTF Turquoise 247 41.53 41.84 41.26 10 258 MTF Aquis 395 41.55 41.94 41.30 16 412 3 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 075 41.68 41.90 41.50 253 206 MTF CBOE 378 41.66 41.88 41.50 15 747 MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — Total 29 345 41.71 42.22 41.12 1 223 990Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 3 400 shares during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 000 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 April 2023 1 41.40 41.40 41.40 41 28 April 2023 1 799 41.54 41.90 41.20 74 730 1 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 2 May 2023 1 600 41.70 42.00 41.40 66 720 3 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 3 400 141 492Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 April 2023 2 000 41.88 42.20 41.60 83 760 28 April 2023 2 600 41.91 42.20 41.60 108 966 1 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 2 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 3 May 2023 400 41.60 41.60 41.60 16 640 Total 5 000 209 366The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 35 692 shares.On 3 May 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 013 863 own shares  or 5.29% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'total number', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '29 345 shares', '3 400 shares', '5 000 shares', '35 692 shares', 'Update', '27 April', '3 May', '1 March', 'Bekaert', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '1 May', '2 May', '2 September', '28 April', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '013 863']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement-43752374/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)         Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 2023  Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an addition…,"Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 29 345 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 27 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 4 401 41.88 42.18 41.46 184 314 MTF CBOE 3 360 41.93 42.16 41.54 140 885 MTF Turquoise 740 41.92 42.16 41.48 31 021 MTF Aquis 1 368 41.95 42.16 41.60 57 388 28 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 630 41.67 42.22 41.18 151 262 MTF CBOE 1 513 41.78 42.10 41.12 63 213 MTF Turquoise 317 41.75 42.04 41.54 13 235 MTF Aquis 462 41.73 42.10 41.30 19 279 1 May 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 2 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 4 233 41.45 42.02 41.32 175 458 MTF CBOE 2 226 41.47 41.80 41.28 92 312 MTF Turquoise 247 41.53 41.84 41.26 10 258 MTF Aquis 395 41.55 41.94 41.30 16 412 3 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 075 41.68 41.90 41.50 253 206 MTF CBOE 378 41.66 41.88 41.50 15 747 MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — Total 29 345 41.71 42.22 41.12 1 223 990Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 3 400 shares during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 000 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 27 April 2023 to 3 May 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 April 2023 1 41.40 41.40 41.40 41 28 April 2023 1 799 41.54 41.90 41.20 74 730 1 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 2 May 2023 1 600 41.70 42.00 41.40 66 720 3 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 3 400 141 492Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 April 2023 2 000 41.88 42.20 41.60 83 760 28 April 2023 2 600 41.91 42.20 41.60 108 966 1 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 2 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 3 May 2023 400 41.60 41.60 41.60 16 640 Total 5 000 209 366The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 35 692 shares.On 3 May 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 013 863 own shares  or 5.29% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.28,0.31,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'total number', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '29 345 shares', '3 400 shares', '5 000 shares', '35 692 shares', 'Update', '27 April', '3 May', '1 March', 'Bekaert', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '1 May', '2 May', '2 September', '28 April', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '013 863']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARISTON-HOLDING-N-V-129888460/news/Ariston-Holding-internal-dealing-and-start-of-sell-to-cover-procedure-43764171/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Ariston Holding  internal dealing and start of 'sell-to-cover' procedure,(marketscreener.com) Ariston Holding NV on Friday announced the transfer of 762 654 treasury shares to the beneficiaries of the 2020 phantom stock option incentive plan  which was converted into a Restricted Stock Units incentive plan following Ariston's list…,(Alliance News) - Ariston Holding NV on Friday announced the transfer of 762 654 treasury shares to the beneficiaries of the 2020 phantom stock option incentive plan  which was converted into a Restricted Stock Units incentive plan following Ariston's listing on Euronext Milan.Beneficiaries included Paolo Merloni  the company's executive chairman  who was awarded 156 737 ordinary shares  and Laurent Jacquemin  the company's chief executive officer  who was awarded 156 737 ordinary shares.The company  on behalf of all beneficiaries collectively  has instructed Global Shares to proceed with the sale of a portion of the transferred shares for a total consideration of approximately EUR3 million  in order to comply with the beneficiaries' tax obligations as a result of the allocation of shares under the LTI 2020 Plan.The sale will take place starting May 8. The duration of the 'sell-to-cover' procedure and the average sale price may vary based on daily trading volumes  and cannot be predicted.Ariston Holding on Friday closed down 1.9 percent at EUR9.85 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Ariston Holding', 'internal dealing', 'start', 'cover', 'procedure', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', '2020 phantom stock option incentive plan', 'Restricted Stock Units incentive plan', 'Alliance News reporter', 'daily trading volumes', 'chief executive officer', 'average sale price', 'Ariston Holding NV', ""beneficiaries' tax obligations"", 'LTI 2020 Plan', 'executive chairman', 'Euronext Milan', 'Paolo Merloni', 'Laurent Jacquemin', 'total consideration', 'Claudia Cavaliere', '762,654 treasury shares', '156,737 ordinary shares', 'Global Shares', 'Friday', 'transfer', 'listing', 'company', 'behalf', 'portion', 'order', 'result', 'allocation', 'place', 'May', 'duration', 'cover', 'procedure', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24423,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Ontex-shareholders-meeting-all-resolutions-approved-by-a-large-majority-43763180/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Ontex shareholders' meeting: all resolutions approved by a large majority,(marketscreener.com) Aalst-Erembodegem  Belgium  May 05  2023 – Ontex Group NV held its annual shareholders' meeting today  followed by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting. All proposed resolutions were approved by the shareholders by a convincing majority…,"Aalst-Erembodegem  Belgium  May 05  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) held its annual shareholders' meeting today  followed by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting. All proposed resolutions were approved by the shareholders by a convincing majority.Among other things  the shareholders approved a fundamental adjustment to the remuneration policy. This will better align management remuneration with shareholder returns  with a strong emphasis on the share price in three years. The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting also renewed the authorizations for the board of directors within the framework of the authorized capital and for the acquisition of own shares.Chairman Hans Van Bylen said  ""I wish to sincerely thank the shareholders of Ontex for their very clear approval of all the resolutions that the board of directors had proposed to the shareholders’ meeting this year. Several of these resolutions will contribute to the accelerated implementation of our strategic reorientation.""The minutes of the annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings are available on Ontex's website at: https://ontex.com/agm-shareholder-information/Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 492 72 42 67 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .ONTEX GROUP NV Korte Keppestraat 21 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) 0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division DendermondeAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"[""Ontex shareholders' meeting"", 'large majority', 'resolutions', 'Chairman Hans Van Bylen', 'Media Maarten Verbanck', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'Division Dendermonde Attachment', 'leading retailer brands', ""extraordinary shareholders' meetings"", 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'Ontex Group NV', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'lifestyle brands', 'Euronext Brussels', 'convincing majority', 'other things', 'fundamental adjustment', 'remuneration policy', 'management remuneration', 'shareholder returns', 'strong emphasis', 'share price', 'three years', 'authorized capital', 'clear approval', 'accelerated implementation', 'strategic reorientation', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'innovative products', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'Korte Keppestraat', 'RPR Ghent', 'Ontex brands', 'ontex.com', 'proposed resolutions', 'Aalst-Erembodegem', 'Belgium', 'May', 'authorizations', 'board', 'directors', 'framework', 'acquisition', 'shares', 'minutes', 'website', 'shareholder-information', 'Investors', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '21 countries', 'headquarters', 'part', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24424,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662254/0/en/AKWEL-REVENUE-11-7-IN-Q1-2023.html,AKWEL: REVENUE +11.7% IN Q1 2023,Thursday 04 May 2023  REVENUE +11.7% IN Q1 2023  AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems...,English Chinese (Simplified)Thursday 04 May 2023REVENUE +11.7% IN Q1 2023AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €274.6m in the first quarter of 2023  up +11.7%.Consolidated revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 (from 1 January to 31 March)In € millions - unaudited 2023 2022 Variation LFL variation (*) 1st quarter 274.6 245.8 +11.7% +14.6%(*) Comparing like-for-like figuresWith the global automotive market having returned to growth  AKWEL saw its revenue on a like-for-like basis advance +14.6% during the first quarter of the 2023 financial year.The geographical breakdown of revenue by production zone was as follows:France: €77.5m (+10.9%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €80.6m (+16.6%)North America: €74.1m (+4.2%)Asia and the Middle East (including Turkey): €41.3m (+20.4%)South America: €1.1m (-15.4%)Most of the product lines achieved progress  particularly the biggest such as the Cooling (+14.8%)  Mechanisms (+19.8%)  Fuels (+17.7%) and Air (+19.2%) businesses. The rapid ramp-up of the new Structural Parts for Electric Vehicles business  which doubled its contribution to €5.8m  is worth noting.The consolidated net cash position  excluding the impact of lease obligations  was €109.1m at the end of March 2023  with the investment budget more than doubling to €11.0m versus €5.1m in the first quarter of last year.As stated recently during the publication of the 2022 results  as the automotive and HGV sector will continue to be disrupted in 2023 and due to the poor visibility given the current international economic and geopolitical tensions  AKWEL is expecting a slight increase in its sales during this financial year.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 9 500 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['AKWEL', 'REVENUE', 'Q1', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'net cash position', 'current international economic', 'independent, family-owned group', 'new Structural Parts', 'Electric Vehicles business', 'global automotive market', 'The Group', 'English Chinese', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'fluid management', 'first quarter', '1st quarter', '2023 financial year', 'geographical breakdown', 'production zone', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'product lines', 'rapid ramp-up', 'lease obligations', 'investment budget', 'last year', 'HGV sector', 'poor visibility', 'geopolitical tensions', 'slight increase', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'LFL variation', 'AKW.PA', 'Consolidated revenue', 'Thursday', 'May', 'Q1', 'AKWEL', 'PEA', 'mechanisms', '1 January', '31 March', 'millions', 'figures', 'growth', 'basis', 'advance', 'France', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Turkey', 'progress', 'Cooling', 'Fuels', 'Air', 'businesses', 'contribution', 'impact', 'publication', '2022 results', 'sales', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '9,500 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '€']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662864/0/en/GOGL-2022-Environmental-Social-and-Governance-ESG-Report.html,GOGL – 2022 Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) Report,Golden Ocean Group Ltd (OSE/NYSE: GOGL) today released its fifth annual ESG Report.      The 2022 report is prepared in accordance with the Marine......,Golden Ocean Group Ltd (OSE/NYSE: GOGL) today released its fifth annual ESG Report.The 2022 report is prepared in accordance with the Marine Transportation framework established by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  the disclosure requirements of the UN Global Compact as well as reporting guidelines for NASDAQ/Euronext stock exchanges.Ulrik Andersen  CEO  comments: “We are pleased to release our fifth comprehensive and stand-alone ESG report  which provides an opportunity to reflect on our ESG journey and demonstrate our progress.In 2021  we set ambitious emission reduction targets and aim to reduce our Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII) values by 15% by 2026 and 30% by 2030  compared to 2019. We have also set an ambition to reach net-zero by 2050.We are proud to report that we are well underway to achieve those targets. In 2022  we decreased our carbon intensity by 9.1% compared to our 2019 baseline.We invite you to read our report and hope you find it useful.”The ESG report can be found on the Company's website.For further queries  please contact:Ulrik Uhrenfeldt Andersen  Chief Executive Officer of Golden Ocean Management ASTelephone: +47 22 01 73 53May 5  2023Hamilton  BermudaThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['GOGL', 'Social', 'Governance', 'ESG', 'Report', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', 'Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII) values', 'Golden Ocean Group Ltd', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'Golden Ocean Management AS', 'ambitious emission reduction targets', 'fifth annual ESG Report', 'Marine Transportation framework', 'UN Global Compact', 'NASDAQ/Euronext stock exchanges', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'stand-alone ESG report', 'The ESG report', 'Ulrik Uhrenfeldt Andersen', 'Ulrik Andersen', 'fifth comprehensive', 'ESG journey', 'disclosure requirements', 'reporting guidelines', '2022 report', 'GOGL', 'accordance', 'SASB', 'CEO', 'opportunity', 'progress', 'ambition', '2019 baseline', 'Company', 'website', 'queries', 'Telephone', 'May', 'Hamilton', 'Bermuda', 'information', 'Section']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24426,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALAPAGOS-NV-6464/news/Galapagos-creates-new-subscription-right-plans-43764641/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Galapagos creates new subscription right plans,(marketscreener.com) Mechelen  Belgium; 5 May 2023  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV announced today that its Board of Directors created 1 975 000 subscription rights under new subscription right plans for the benefit of certain members of the …,Mechelen  Belgium; 5 May 2023  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announced today that its Board of Directors created 1 975 000 subscription rights under new subscription right plans for the benefit of certain members of the personnel of the company and its subsidiaries.On 5 May 2023  the Board of Directors of Galapagos approved “Subscription Right Plan 2023 BE”  intended for members of personnel of the company and its Belgian subsidiary  “Subscription Right Plan 2023 RMV ” intended for the employees of its French subsidiary  Galapagos SASU  and “Subscription Right Plan 2023 ROW”  intended for the employees of its other non-Belgian subsidiaries  within the framework of the authorized capital. Under these subscription right plans  1 975 000 subscription rights were created  subject to acceptances  and offered to the beneficiaries of the plans.The subscription rights have an exercise term of eight years as of the date of the offer and have an exercise price of €35.11 (the average closing price of the Galapagos share on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam during the 30 calendar days preceding the date of the offer). Subject to the applicable plan rules  the subscription rights under Subscription Right Plan 2023 BE can not be exercised prior to 1 January 2027. The subscription rights under Subscription Right Plan 2023 RMV and Subscription Right Plan 2023 ROW vest and become exercisable in instalments: with 25% of each grant being exercisable as of 1 January 2025  25% as of 1 January 2026 and 50% as of 1 January 2027. Each subscription right gives the right to subscribe to one new Galapagos share. Should the subscription rights be exercised  Galapagos will apply for the listing of the resulting new shares on a regulated stock market. The subscription rights as such will not be listed on any stock market.Galapagos’ total share capital currently amounts to €356 444 938.61; the total number of securities conferring voting rights is 65 897 071  which is also the total number of voting rights (the “denominator”)  and all securities conferring voting rights and all voting rights are of the same category. The total number of rights to subscribe to not yet issued securities conferring voting rights is (i) 10 674 631 subscription rights under several outstanding employee subscription right plans  which equals 10 674 631 voting rights that may result from the exercise of those subscription rights  and (ii) one subscription right issued to Gilead Therapeutics to subscribe for a maximum number of shares that is sufficient to bring the shareholding of Gilead and its affiliates to 29.9% of the actually issued and outstanding shares after the exercise of the subscription right. This excludes the 1 975 000 subscription rights of Subscription Right Plan 2023 BE  Subscription Right Plan 2023 RMV and Subscription Right Plan 2023 ROW  which were created subject to acceptance. Galapagos does not have any convertible bonds or shares without voting rights outstanding.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to commercialized programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactsMedia relations contactMarieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor relations contactSofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143Sandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  unless specifically required by law or regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,positive,0.54,0.34,0.11,True,English,"['new subscription right plans', 'Galapagos', 'several outstanding employee subscription right plans', 'new subscription right plans', 'one new Galapagos share', 'Galapagos’ total share capital', 'one subscription right', 'applicable plan rules', 'high unmet needs', 'R&D capabilities', 'multiple drug modalities', 'Media relations contact', 'Investor relations contact', 'Sofie Van Gijsel', 'average closing price', 'resulting new shares', 'integrated biotechnology company', 'other non-Belgian subsidiaries', 'regulated stock market', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'outstanding shares', 'authorized capital', '1,975,000 subscription rights', '10,674,631 subscription rights', 'regulated information', 'total number', 'other indications', 'Belgian subsidiary', 'French subsidiary', 'eight years', 'exercise price', 'Euronext Brussels', '30 calendar days', 'same category', 'maximum number', 'convertible bonds', 'innovative medicines', 'patients’ lives', 'small molecules', 'cell therapies', 'first medicine', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'additional information', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'future results', 'voting rights', 'Galapagos NV', 'Galapagos SASU', 'exercise term', 'ROW vest', 'Gilead Therapeutics', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '5 May', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'Board', 'Directors', 'benefit', 'members', 'personnel', 'RMV', 'employees', 'framework', 'acceptances', 'beneficiaries', 'date', 'offer', 'Amsterdam', '1 January', 'instalments', 'grant', 'listing', 'securities', 'denominator', 'shareholding', 'affiliates', 'diseases', 'portfolio', 'discovery', 'programs', 'immunology', 'oncology', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'release', 'guarantees', 'publication', 'document', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24427,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-Shareholding-as-30-04-2023-43752829/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,HighCo: Shareholding as 30/04/2023,(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers Date of settlemento…,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) April 30  2023 20 455 403 439 482 22 814 633 22 375 151 March 31  2023 20 455 403 376 968 22 818 769 22 441 801 February 28  2023 20 455 403 319 981 22 818 769 22 498 788 January 31  2023 20 455 403 253 414 22 892 958 22 639 544 December 31  2022 20 455 403 250 392 22 948 713 22 698 321(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 2023Q3 and 9-months 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 20232023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Thursday  14 September 2023Earnings2023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.24,0.59,True,English,"['HighCo', 'Shareholding', '30', 'des marchés financiers', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', '2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'French Commercial Code', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'press releases', 'compartment C', 'Euronext Paris', '2023 Gross Profit', 'French Society', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Nicolas CASSAR', 'Analyst meeting', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'April', 'HighCo', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'place', 'Q2', 'H1', 'Wednesday', 'Q3', '9-months', 'October', 'SFAF', 'Thursday', '14 September', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '11:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24428,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/Vallourec-43751480/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,MarketScreener,(marketscreener.com) Vallourec: Availability of information relating to the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of 25 May 2023 Meudon   4 May 2023 – Vallourec's Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting will be held on 25 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. at Espace Cha…,Vallourec: Availability of information relating to the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting of 25 May 2023Meudon (France)  4 May 2023 – Vallourec's Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting will be held on 25 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. at Espace Chateauform le Metropolitan  13ter bd Berthier 75017 Paris.The prior notice of meeting published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires of April 19  2023  the notice of meeting including the agenda  draft resolutions and reports thereon  as well as the procedures for participating in the Meeting and voting are available on Vallourec's website ( www.vallourec.com ).The documents and information about the Shareholders' Meeting are available to shareholders  in accordance with the prevailing regulations  at Vallourec's registered office.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting-edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel : +33 (0)1 49 09 39 77Investor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['MarketScreener', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'new generation power plants', 'new technological frontiers', '13ter bd Berthier', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'cutting-edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Individual shareholders', 'Espace Chateauform', 'draft resolutions', 'prevailing regulations', 'registered office', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Press relations', 'prior notice', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Availability', 'information', 'Combined', '25 May', 'Meudon', 'France', '4 May', 'Metropolitan', 'Paris', 'Bulletin', 'April', 'agenda', 'reports', 'procedures', 'voting', 'website', 'documents', 'accordance', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment', '2:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24429,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-reports-its-order-intake-and-sales-for-the-first-quarter-of-2023-43751951/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Thales : reports its order intake and sales for the first quarter of 2023,(marketscreener.com)    Thales reports its order intake and sales for the first quarter of 2023     05 May 2023  Investors    Share this article    Facebook   Twitter   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Tha…,"Thales reports its order intake and sales for the first quarter of 2023 05 May 2023 Investors Share this article FacebookTwitterLinkedInThales (Euronext Paris: HO) today announced its order intake and sales for the first quarter of 2023.Patrice Caine  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  stated:""The beginning of 2023 confirms the robust momentum of all our businesses  with organic sales growth ahead of the annual target  driven in particular by the civil aeronautics and biometrics businesses. Order intake for the first quarter of 2023 was solid.As we committed to do as part of our ESG roadmap  we obtained the validation of our CO2 emission reduction targets by the SBTi.We remain focused on our growth strategy in buoyant markets and confirm all our financial targets for 2023.""Order intake: €3.4 billion  up 13% (+14% on an organic basis [1] )Sales: €4.0 billion  up 7.9% (+9.4% on an organic basis)All financial objectives confirmedWe are pleased to invite you to participate in this conference call (or webcast)  in english  on:Friday  May 05  2023 at 8:30 AM (CET)Using the following link  you will be able to register  get your personal PIN and choose the most convenient method of connection: list of dial-in numbers or a ""call me"" option  by entering your phone number.https://register.vevent.com/register/BI2b10153d3abf466d8f25d2cc2700da44It will also be possible to follow the conference call through a webcast by using the following link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/3gz4ibsqIf you are unable to listen to the call  you can use the webcast link above  1 hour after the event. The recording will be available for a year.Notes[1] In this press release  ""organic"" means ""at constant scope and exchange rates"".[2] Mature markets: Europe  North America  Australia  New Zealand; emerging markets: all other countries",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['order intake', 'first quarter', 'Thales', 'sales', 'CO2 emission reduction targets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'organic sales growth', 'financial targets', 'growth strategy', 'first quarter', 'Euronext Paris', 'Patrice Caine', 'robust momentum', 'annual target', 'civil aeronautics', 'ESG roadmap', 'buoyant markets', 'organic basis', 'financial objectives', 'following link', 'personal PIN', 'convenient method', 'phone number', 'press release', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'Mature markets', 'North America', 'New Zealand', 'emerging markets', 'other countries', 'order intake', 'biometrics businesses', 'conference call', 'webcast link', 'Thales', 'May', 'Investors', 'article', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Chairman', 'beginning', 'part', 'validation', 'SBTi', 'english', 'Friday', '8:30 AM', 'CET', 'connection', 'list', 'numbers', 'option', 'vevent', 'BI2b10153d3abf466d8f25d2cc2700da44', 'edge', 'media', 'gz4ibsq', 'recording', 'year', 'Notes', 'Europe', 'Australia', '2023']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OBSERVE-MEDICAL-ASA-74800575/news/Observe-Medical-Notice-of-attendance-and-proxy-form-to-the-AGM-on-26-May-2023-43762726/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Observe Medical : Notice of attendance and proxy form to the AGM on 26 May 2023,(marketscreener.com)    Ref.nr.:Pin-kode:   Innkalling til ordinær generalforsamling   Ordinær generalforsamling i Observe Medical ASA avholdes 26. mai 2023 kl. 10.00 som et fysisk møte i Dronning Eufemias gate 16  0191 Oslo  Norge.   .  ...http…,"Ref no: PIN - code:Notice of Annual General MeetingAnnual General Meeting in Observe Medical ASA will be held on 26 May 2023 at 10:00 hours (CEST) as a physical meeting at Dronning Eufemias gate 16  0191 Oslo  Norway.The shareholder is registered with the following amount of shares at summons: ________________________ and vote for thenumber of shares registered in Euronext per Record date  25 May 2023.The deadline for electronic registration of advance votes  proxy of and instructions is 23 May 2023 at 16:00 hours (CEST)Electronic registrationAlternatively use  ""Form for submission by post or e-mail for shareholders who cannot register their elections electronically"".Register during the enrollment/registration period:Either through the company's website https://observemedical.com/investor-relations/ using a reference number and PIN - code (for those of you who receive a summons in post-service)  orhttps://observemedical.com/investor-relations/ using a reference number and PIN - code (for those of you who receive a summons in post-service)  or Log in through VPS Investor services; available at euronextvps.no or through own account keeper (bank/broker). Once logged in - choose Corporate Actions - General Meeting - ISINYou will see your name  reference number  PIN - code and balance. At the bottom you will find these choices:""Enroll"" - participate in the meeting on the day""Advance vote"" - If you would like to vote in advance of the meeting""Delegate Proxy"" - Give proxy to the chair of the Board of Directors or another person ""Close"" - Press this if you do not wish to registerThe general meeting is held as a physical meeting  and we encourage shareholders to vote in advance  give proxy  or participate physically. If any shareholders would instead like to participate electronically  we ask that you press Enroll  and then send an e-mail to perarne.nygard@observemedical.com by 23 May 2023 at 16:00 hours (CEST) so that we can accommodate for this.Please note that the company has a statutory registration deadline  registration after date and time will not be possible.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Observe Medical', 'proxy form', 'Notice', 'attendance', 'AGM', '26 May', 'Annual General Meeting Annual General Meeting', 'Observe Medical ASA', 'Dronning Eufemias gate', 'VPS Investor services', 'PIN - code', 'statutory registration deadline', 'physical meeting', 'following amount', 'electronic registration', 'enrollment/registration period', 'account keeper', 'Corporate Actions', 'reference number', 'Record date', 'advance votes', 'Delegate Proxy', 'Notice', '26 May', '10:00 hours', '0191 Oslo', 'Norway', 'shareholder', 'shares', 'summons', 'Euronext', '25 May', 'instructions', '23 May', '16:00 hours', 'submission', 'post', 'mail', 'elections', 'Register', 'company', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'bank', 'broker', 'ISIN', 'name', 'balance', 'bottom', 'choices', 'day', 'chair', 'Board', 'Directors', 'person', 'perarne', 'nygard', 'time']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24431,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662214/0/en/Vallourec.html,Vallourec :,Vallourec: Availability of information relating to the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting of 25 May 2023   Meudon (France)  4......,English FrenchVallourec: Availability of information relating to the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting of 25 May 2023Meudon (France)  4 May 2023 – Vallourec's Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting will be held on 25 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. at Espace Chateauform le Metropolitan  13ter bd Berthier 75017 Paris.The prior notice of meeting published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires of April 19  2023  the notice of meeting including the agenda  draft resolutions and reports thereon  as well as the procedures for participating in the Meeting and voting are available on Vallourec's website ( www.vallourec.com ).The documents and information about the Shareholders' Meeting are available to shareholders  in accordance with the prevailing regulations  at Vallourec's registered office.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting-edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel : +33 (0)1 49 09 39 77Investor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'new generation power plants', 'new technological frontiers', '13ter bd Berthier', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'cutting-edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'English French Vallourec', 'Extraordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Individual shareholders', 'Espace Chateauform', 'draft resolutions', 'prevailing regulations', 'registered office', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Press relations', 'prior notice', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Availability', 'information', 'Combined', '25 May', 'Meudon', 'France', 'Metropolitan', 'Paris', 'Bulletin', 'April', 'agenda', 'reports', 'procedures', 'voting', 'website', 'documents', 'accordance', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment', '2:00', '33']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24432,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/APTORUM-GROUP-LIMITED-49518117/news/Aptorum-Group-Receives-Nasdaq-Notification-of-Minimum-Stockholders-Equity-Deficiency-43764954/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Aptorum Group Receives Nasdaq Notification of Minimum Stockholders' Equity Deficiency,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited   a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it has received a letter from t…,Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it has received a letter from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) Listing Qualifications Department notifying the Company that it is not currently in compliance with the minimum stockholders' equity requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(A) requires listed companies to maintain stockholders’ equity of at least $10 000 000  and the Company’s stockholders’ equity was $7 833 305 as of December 31  2022. In accordance with Nasdaq rules  the Company has 45 calendar days  or until June 20  2023  to submit a plan to regain compliance. If the plan is accepted  Nasdaq can grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the letter  or until October 31  2023  to evidence compliance. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company’s compliance plan  the Company may appeal the decision to a Hearing’s Panel. Alternatively  the Company may consider applying to transfer the Class A Ordinary Shares to The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Nasdaq deficiency letter has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company’s Class A Ordinary Shares  and its Class A Ordinary Shares will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “APM” at this time.About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications)  autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aptorum has completed two phase I clinical trials for its ALS-4 (MRSA) and orphan drug designated SACT-1 (Neuroblastoma) small molecule drugs and commercializing its NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical (menopause). The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development and ongoing clinical validation of its novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about Aptorum Group  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020. As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein. Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230505005335/en/,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,negative,0.01,0.2,0.8,True,English,"[""Minimum Stockholders' Equity Deficiency"", 'Aptorum Group', 'Nasdaq Notification', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa', 'novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'two phase I clinical trials', 'Class A Ordinary Shares', 'Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'up to 180 calendar days', 'The Nasdaq Global Market', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', ""minimum stockholders' equity requirement"", 'The Nasdaq deficiency letter', 'ongoing clinical validation', 'unmet medical needs', 'small molecule drugs', 'other similar expressions', 'additional consumer segments', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'new therapeutics assets', 'microbiome-based research platform', 'detection diagnostics technology', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'orphan oncology indications', 'drug discovery platforms', '45 calendar days', 'stockholders’ equity', 'orphan drug', 'therapeutic assets', 'additional products', 'other filings', 'Nasdaq rules', 'drug molecules', 'continued listing', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'listed companies', 'immediate effect', 'NLS-2 NativusWell', 'systematic screening', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'application submissions', 'financial condition', 'organizational changes', 'continued service', 'key personnel', 'product assortments', 'growth strategies', 'supply chain', 'Form 20-F', 'new information', 'infectious diseases', 'metabolic diseases', 'future events', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'autoimmune diseases', 'development results', 'compliance plan', 'APM', 'December', 'accordance', 'June', 'extension', 'date', 'October', 'decision', 'Hearing', 'Panel', 'symbol', 'time', 'commercialization', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'Neuroblastoma', 'nutraceutical', 'menopause', 'pipeline', 'establishment', 'existing', 'treatments', 'Singapore', 'Agency', 'aptorumgroup', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'plans', 'prospects', 'meaning', 'purpose', 'cases', 'terms', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'target', 'projects', 'contemplates', 'predicts', 'projections', 'trends', 'business', 'operations', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'limitation', 'management', 'availability', 'challenges', 'stability', 'prospectus', '16 July', 'obligation', 'announcement', 'Regulation']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24433,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662802/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-ATLAS.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from ATLAS,Regulated Information - Denominator   Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 14 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 350 000 capital......,Regulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 14 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 350 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 5  2023 – 09.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 52 257 525 new ordinary shares on May 2  2023  for a total amount of EUR 250 000  as the result of the conversion of 10 convertible bonds  and (ii) 22 182 786 new ordinary shares on May 5  2023  for a total amount of EUR 100 000  as the result of the conversion of 4 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 755 762 036 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 681 321 725 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 78 956 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 755.762.036 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 755.762.036 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);142 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  and April 20  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.28,0.35,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'ATLAS', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 350,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '52,257,525 new ordinary shares', '22,182,786 new ordinary shares', '755,762,036 outstanding ordinary shares', '681,321,725 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Israel) L.P.', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', '14 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '10 convertible bonds', '142 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'voting rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'total number', 'Regulated Information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', '09.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'terms', 'UK', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24434,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662264/0/en/NANOBIOTIX-Entering-Final-Contract-Negotiations-Following-Agreement-to-Non-Binding-Term-Sheet-for-Development-and-Commercialization-of-NBTXR3-With-a-Major-Global-Pharmaceutical-Com.html,NANOBIOTIX Entering Final Contract Negotiations Following Agreement to Non-Binding Term Sheet for Development and Commercialization of NBTXR3 With a Major Global Pharmaceutical Company,Company agreed to term sheet as of May 3  2023 Company agreed to term sheet as of May 3  2023,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  today announced that the Company is entering into final contract negotiations after agreement to a non-binding term sheet for development and commercialization of lead nanotherapeutic candidate NBTXR3 with a major global pharmaceutical company  following an extensive negotiation period.The arrangement is subject to  among other matters  negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement and each party’s requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to the definitive terms.The Company does not intend to make additional statements regarding negotiations unless and until it is appropriate to do so  or a final definitive agreement has been signed.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy; and a Phase 3 global registrational study was launched in 2021. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC  or lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a strategic collaboration strategy with world class partners to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The Company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “entering ” “intend ” “subject to ” and “until ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the negotiations regarding and entry into a definitive agreement for the development and commercialization arrangement with a major global pharmaceutical company and the significance of such an agreement for the Company. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that the Company and the major global pharmaceutical company will not reach a final and binding definitive agreement with respect to the development and commercialization of NBTXR3  including as a result of market conditions or the major global pharmaceutical company’s due diligence review or for any other reason in either party’s discretion  and the risk that either party will not obtain the requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to such definitive terms  if agreed. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com) may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR –Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communicationGlobal –LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.14,0.53,True,English,"['Major Global Pharmaceutical Company', 'Final Contract Negotiations', 'Non-Binding Term Sheet', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Agreement', 'Development', 'Commercialization', 'NBTXR3', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'requisite internal corporate approvals', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 global registrational study', 'major global pharmaceutical company', 'significant tumor cell death', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'applicable securities laws', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'dose expansion study', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'adaptive immune response', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'favorable safety data', 'strategic collaboration strategy', 'world class partners', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'Phase 1 dose escalation', 'lead nanotherapeutic candidate', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'extensive negotiation period', 'United States Food', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'priority development pathways', 'lead product candidate', 'final contract negotiations', 'class oncology product', 'primary development pathway', 'final definitive agreement', 'Phase 3 study', 'primary cancer', 'market authorization', 'several Phase 1', 'Phase 2 studies', 'therapeutic combinations', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'definitive terms', 'solid tumor', 'tumor types', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'other matters', 'The Company', 'physical mechanism', 'advanced head', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'locoregional recurrent', 'liver metastases', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'The University', 'human life', '20 umbrella patents', 'brand name', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'additional statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Forward-looking statements', 'advanced HNSCC', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'physical MoA', 'commercialization arrangemen', 'treatment outcomes', 'Euronext Paris', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'arrangement', 'execution', 'party', 'respect', 'radiotherapy', 'action', 'neck', 'efficacy', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'patients', 'lung', 'parallel', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'management', 'assumptions', 'entry', '2019']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24435,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662785/0/en/Vallourec-to-resume-full-production-at-its-Pau-Branco-iron-ore-mine.html,Vallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mine,Vallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mine  Meudon  France  5 May 2023 – Vallourec has obtained the necessary permissions...,English FrenchVallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mineMeudon  France  5 May 2023 – Vallourec has obtained the necessary permissions from the state mining and environmental authorities for the full release of the Cachoeirinha core waste pile. The Pau Branco iron ore mine is set to return to full production by the end of Q2 2023 at the latest.Operations at the Pau Branco mine were temporarily suspended in January 2022 following flooding-related damage to its core Cachoeirinha waste pile. Operations were partially restarted in May 2022 using alternative waste piles  albeit at lower-than-normal capacity levels. The production sold in 2022 reached 4.0 million tonnes  well below the full potential of 8.7 million tonnes per annum. Vallourec now confirms that production sold in Q1 2023 was in line with guidance for approximately 1.5 million tonnes  and April production sold was approximately 0.6 million tonnes. The mine is now expected to return to its full production potential by the end of Q2 2023 at the latest.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec  commented: “We are delighted at the prospect of fully reopening our Pau Branco mine and the resumption of normal operations. This will enable our mining business to contribute more meaningfully to the financial performance of Vallourec.”About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50h eloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.18,0.33,True,English,"['Pau Branco iron ore mine', 'full production', 'Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'The Pau Branco iron ore mine', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'cutting edge R&D', 'Cachoeirinha core waste pile', 'core Cachoeirinha waste pile', 'new generation power plants', 'Pau Branco mine', 'alternative waste piles', 'new technological frontiers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'normal capacity levels', 'English French Vallourec', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'full production potential', 'full potential', 'full release', 'necessary permissions', 'state mining', 'environmental authorities', 'flooding-related damage', '4.0 million tonnes', '8.7 million tonnes', '1.5 million tonnes', '0.6 million tonnes', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'mining business', 'financial performance', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Investor relations', 'Press relations', 'Individual shareholders', 'April production', 'normal operations', 'Ticker VK', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'end', 'Q2', 'January', 'May', 'lower', 'annum', 'Q1', 'line', 'guidance', 'Chairman', 'prospect', 'resumption', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24436,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-Trading-in-own-shares-43763082/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Atos - Trading in own shares,(marketscreener.com) ATOS SEA European public limited-liability company with a share capital of 110 951 542 eurosRegistered office: River Ouest  80 Quai Voltaire – 95870 BEZONSPontoise Registry of Commerce and Companies: 323 623 603 Disclosure of trading in o…,ATOS SEA European public limited-liability company (“Societas Europea”)with a share capital of 110 951 542 eurosRegistered office: River Ouest  80 Quai Voltaire – 95870 BEZONSPontoise Registry of Commerce and Companies: 323 623 603Disclosure of trading in own sharesParis  May 5  2023: Pursuant to applicable law on share buyback  Atos SE declares the following transactions in its own shares totaling € 3.7 million from Friday  April 28  2023 to Thursday  May 4  2023  as part of the mandate given to a financial intermediary as announced by the Group on Friday  April 28  2023.Name of the issuer Issuer identity Code Trading Session ISIN Number of shares purchased Weightedaverage price(in euros) Identity code of the Market Reference Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 28/04/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.24 XPAR Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 02/05/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.63 XPAR Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 03/05/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.45 XPAR Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 04/05/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.15 XPAR Total 300 000The detailed list of transactions is available on atos.net in the section Regulated Information [link].About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsFor more information  please contact:Investor Relations: Thomas Guillois – thomas.guillois@atos.net - +33 6 21 34 36 62Media: Anette Rey – anette.rey@atos.net - +33 6 69 79 84 88 - @AnetteReyAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Atos', 'shares', 'issuer Issuer identity Code Trading Session', 'European public limited-liability company', 'Market Reference Atos SE', 'XPAR Atos SE', 'secure information space', 'European number', 'XPAR Total', 'Societas Europea', 'share capital', 'Registered office', 'River Ouest', '80 Quai Voltaire', 'Pontoise Registry', 'applicable law', 'share buyback', 'financial intermediary', 'ISIN Number', 'average price', 'detailed list', 'Regulated Information', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'AnetteRey Attachment', 'atos.net', 'following transactions', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Anette Rey', '951,542 euros', '95870 BEZONS', 'Commerce', 'Companies', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'May', 'Friday', 'April', 'Thursday', 'part', 'mandate', 'Group', 'Name', 'section', '110,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24437,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZELIS-GROUP-NV-127080828/news/Azelis-The-2022-report-43761673/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Azelis : The 2022 report,(marketscreener.com)    One sustainable future     Sustainability Report 2022          Introduction     02    ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZELIS-GROUP-NV-127080828/news/Azelis-The-2022-report-43761673/?utm_medium=R…,Based on sustainability indicators  this Report describes our non-financial risks and opportunities  and summarizes the impact of our activities on our major stakeholders and our efforts to create value over time for all of them. It aims to provide a balanced picture of our activities in 2022  highlighting the challenges and risks we face as well as the progress we have made.This Sustainability Report sets out a comprehensive overview of our sustainability strategy  our business model and the extra-financial performance of Azelis in 2022.Action 2025Our five-year sustainability strategy  Action 2025  embodies our ambition to be a world-leading provider of sustainable solutions and services in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients distribution industry  as well as an industry-leading innovation service provider. It commits Azelis to achieving a series of ambitious targets by 2025 across all the major sustainability aspects impacting our operations.Our Action 2025 program reflects the principles of international benchmarks used to track progress in sustainability  including the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  the ISO 26000 standard  the Responsible Care® / Responsible Distribution® programs  and the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) that are used as a reference.MethodologyAzelis is committed to maintaining a transparent and credible reporting environment that enables us to articulate our strategy  drive performance and maintain a dialogue with our business partners to meet their expectations.We carry out a materiality assessment every three years with our stakeholders to help us identify the main extra-financial risks  opportunities and challenges faced by Azelis and to determine the key performance indicators (KPIs) for monitoring progress in these areas. The next materiality assessment will be done in 2023  in accordance with the requirements of the EU CSRD Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive.This Sustainability Report is based on the United Nations Global Compact initiative principles  ISO 26000 and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines that are used as reference.As a company listed on the Brussels stock index (Euronext Brussels)  this Sustainability Report constitutes Azelis' non-financial statement and is based on the requirements of the Belgian law regarding the disclosure of non-financial information (transposition of the European Non-Financial Reporting Directive (NFRD) 2014/95/EU).The annexes to this report contain detailed information relating to our non-financial performance in 2022 and corresponding KPIs. An independent auditor has performed a review and has provided limited assurance (see page 113) on selected non-financial KPIs in this Report.For detailed information about our methodology  please see pages 121-127 of this Report.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.41,0.59,True,English,"['The 2022 report', 'Azelis', 'United Nations Global Compact initiative principles', 'EU CSRD Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'food ingredients distribution industry', 'European Non-Financial Reporting Directive', 'industry-leading innovation service provider', 'UN Sustainable Development Goals', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'credible reporting environment', 'Responsible Distribution® programs', 'Brussels stock index', 'major sustainability aspects', 'next materiality assessment', 'five-year sustainability strategy', 'main extra-financial risks', 'key performance indicators', 'sustainability indicators', 'world-leading provider', 'sustainable solutions', 'extra-financial performance', 'Responsible Care®', 'Euronext Brussels', 'non-financial risks', 'non-financial statement', 'non-financial information', 'non-financial performance', 'major stakeholders', 'balanced picture', 'comprehensive overview', 'business model', 'specialty chemicals', 'ambitious targets', 'international benchmarks', 'business partners', 'Belgian law', 'detailed information', 'independent auditor', 'limited assurance', 'non-financial KPIs', 'corresponding KPIs', 'ISO 26000 standard', 'Action 2025 program', 'GRI) guidelines', 'opportunities', 'impact', 'activities', 'efforts', 'value', 'time', 'challenges', 'progress', 'Azelis', 'ambition', 'services', 'series', 'operations', 'SDGs', 'reference', 'Methodology', 'transparent', 'dialogue', 'expectations', 'areas', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'company', 'disclosure', 'transposition', 'NFRD', 'annexes', 'review', 'page', '2022']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24438,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/Vallourec-to-resume-full-production-at-its-Pau-Branco-iron-ore-mine-43764232/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Vallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mine,(marketscreener.com)   Vallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mine Meudon  France  5 May 2023 – Vallourec has obtained the necessary permissions from the state mining and environmental authorities for the full release of the Cachoeirin…,Vallourec to resume full production at its Pau Branco iron ore mineMeudon  France  5 May 2023 – Vallourec has obtained the necessary permissions from the state mining and environmental authorities for the full release of the Cachoeirinha core waste pile. The Pau Branco iron ore mine is set to return to full production by the end of Q2 2023 at the latest.Operations at the Pau Branco mine were temporarily suspended in January 2022 following flooding-related damage to its core Cachoeirinha waste pile. Operations were partially restarted in May 2022 using alternative waste piles  albeit at lower-than-normal capacity levels. The production sold in 2022 reached 4.0 million tonnes  well below the full potential of 8.7 million tonnes per annum. Vallourec now confirms that production sold in Q1 2023 was in line with guidance for approximately 1.5 million tonnes  and April production sold was approximately 0.6 million tonnes. The mine is now expected to return to its full production potential by the end of Q2 2023 at the latest.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec  commented: “We are delighted at the prospect of fully reopening our Pau Branco mine and the resumption of normal operations. This will enable our mining business to contribute more meaningfully to the financial performance of Vallourec.”About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50h eloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.08,0.62,True,English,"['Pau Branco iron ore mine', 'full production', 'Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'The Pau Branco iron ore mine', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Cachoeirinha core waste pile', 'core Cachoeirinha waste pile', 'new generation power plants', 'Pau Branco mine', 'alternative waste piles', 'new technological frontiers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'normal capacity levels', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'full production potential', 'full potential', 'full release', 'necessary permissions', 'state mining', 'environmental authorities', 'flooding-related damage', '4.0 million tonnes', '8.7 million tonnes', '1.5 million tonnes', '0.6 million tonnes', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'mining business', 'financial performance', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Investor relations', 'Press relations', 'Individual shareholders', 'April production', 'normal operations', 'Ticker VK', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'end', 'Q2', 'January', 'May', 'lower', 'annum', 'Q1', 'line', 'guidance', 'Chairman', 'prospect', 'resumption', 'oil', 'challenging', 'cutting', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24439,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662709/0/en/Atos-Trading-in-own-shares.html,Atos - Trading in own shares,ATOS SEA European public limited-liability company (“Societas Europea”)with a share capital of 110 951 542 eurosRegistered office: River Ouest  80 Quai Voltaire – 95870 BEZONSPontoise Registry of Commerce and Companies: 323 623 603,English FrenchATOS SEA European public limited-liability company (“Societas Europea”)with a share capital of 110 951 542 eurosRegistered office: River Ouest  80 Quai Voltaire – 95870 BEZONSPontoise Registry of Commerce and Companies: 323 623 603Disclosure of trading in own sharesParis  May 5  2023: Pursuant to applicable law on share buyback  Atos SE declares the following transactions in its own shares totaling € 3.7 million from Friday  April 28  2023 to Thursday  May 4  2023  as part of the mandate given to a financial intermediary as announced by the Group on Friday  April 28  2023.Name of the issuer Issuer identity Code Trading Session ISIN Number of shares purchased Weightedaverage price(in euros) Identity code of the Market Reference Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 28/04/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.24 XPAR Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 02/05/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.63 XPAR Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 03/05/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.45 XPAR Atos SE 5493001EZOOA66PTBR68 04/05/2023 FR0000051732 75 000 12.15 XPAR Total 300 000The detailed list of transactions is available on atos.net in the section Regulated Information [link].About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsFor more information  please contact:Investor Relations: Thomas Guillois – thomas.guillois@atos.net - +33 6 21 34 36 62Media: Anette Rey – anette.rey@atos.net - +33 6 69 79 84 88 - @AnetteReyAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Atos', 'shares', 'issuer Issuer identity Code Trading Session', 'European public limited-liability company', 'Market Reference Atos', 'XPAR Atos SE', 'secure information space', 'European number', 'XPAR Total', 'English French', 'Societas Europea', 'share capital', 'Registered office', 'River Ouest', '80 Quai Voltaire', 'Pontoise Registry', 'applicable law', 'share buyback', 'financial intermediary', 'ISIN Number', 'average price', 'detailed list', 'Regulated Information', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'AnetteRey Attachment', 'atos.net', 'following transactions', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Anette Rey', '951,542 euros', '95870 BEZONS', 'Commerce', 'Companies', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'May', 'Friday', 'April', 'Thursday', 'part', 'mandate', 'Group', 'Name', 'section', '110,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24440,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-Entering-Final-Contract-Negotiations-Following-Agreement-to-Non-Binding-Term-Sheet-for-De-43752029/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,NANOBIOTIX Entering Final Contract Negotiations Following Agreement to Non-Binding Term Sheet for Development and Commercialization of NBTXR3 With a Major Global Pharmaceutical Company,(marketscreener.com) Company agreed to term sheet as of May 3  2023 PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 05  2023 -- NANOBIOTIX   today announced that the Company is entering into final contract negotiations after agreement to a non-binding term sheet for developm…,Company agreed to term sheet as of May 3  2023PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  today announced that the Company is entering into final contract negotiations after agreement to a non-binding term sheet for development and commercialization of lead nanotherapeutic candidate NBTXR3 with a major global pharmaceutical company  following an extensive negotiation period.The arrangement is subject to  among other matters  negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement and each party’s requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to the definitive terms.The Company does not intend to make additional statements regarding negotiations unless and until it is appropriate to do so  or a final definitive agreement has been signed.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy; and a Phase 3 global registrational study was launched in 2021. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC  or lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a strategic collaboration strategy with world class partners to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The Company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “entering ” “intend ” “subject to ” and “until ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the negotiations regarding and entry into a definitive agreement for the development and commercialization arrangement with a major global pharmaceutical company and the significance of such an agreement for the Company. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that the Company and the major global pharmaceutical company will not reach a final and binding definitive agreement with respect to the development and commercialization of NBTXR3  including as a result of market conditions or the major global pharmaceutical company’s due diligence review or for any other reason in either party’s discretion  and the risk that either party will not obtain the requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to such definitive terms  if agreed. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com) may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR –Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communicationGlobal –LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.08,0.54,True,English,"['Major Global Pharmaceutical Company', 'Final Contract Negotiations', 'Non-Binding Term Sheet', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Agreement', 'Development', 'Commercialization', 'NBTXR3', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'requisite internal corporate approvals', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 global registrational study', 'major global pharmaceutical company', 'significant tumor cell death', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'lead nanotherapeutic candidate NBTXR3', 'applicable securities laws', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'dose expansion study', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'adaptive immune response', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'favorable safety data', 'strategic collaboration strategy', 'world class partners', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'Phase 1 dose escalation', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'non-binding term sheet', 'extensive negotiation period', 'United States Food', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'priority development pathways', 'final contract negotiations', 'class oncology product', 'primary development pathway', 'final definitive agreement', 'Phase 3 study', 'primary cancer', 'market authorization', 'several Phase 1', 'Phase 2 studies', 'therapeutic combinations', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'definitive terms', 'solid tumor', 'tumor types', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'other matters', 'physical mechanism', 'advanced head', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'locoregional recurrent', 'liver metastases', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'The University', 'human life', '20 umbrella patents', 'brand name', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'The Company', 'additional statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Forward-looking statements', 'advanced HNSCC', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'physical MoA', 'treatment outcomes', 'Euronext Paris', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'May', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'commercialization', 'arrangement', 'execution', 'party', 'respect', 'radiotherapy', 'action', 'neck', 'efficacy', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'patients', 'lung', 'parallel', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'management', 'assumptions', 'entry', '2019']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24441,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELYAD-ONCOLOGY-SA-22619605/news/Celyad-Oncology-Announces-Intent-to-Voluntarily-Delist-American-Depository-Shares-From-Nasdaq-43751861/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Celyad Oncology Announces Intent to Voluntarily Delist American Depository Shares From Nasdaq,(marketscreener.com) MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 05  2023 -- Celyad Oncology   a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies  today announced that its Board of Directors has approved the volunta…,"MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies  today announced that its Board of Directors has approved the voluntary delisting of its American Depositary Shares representing ordinary shares (“ADSs”) from the Nasdaq Global Market  termination of its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) facility and deregistration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) upon satisfaction of the requirements for deregistration. The Company will continue to be listed on Euronext Brussels.In connection with the intended delisting  the Company has given formal notice to The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) of its intention to voluntarily delist its ADSs. In order to implement the delisting  the Company intends to file a Form 25 with the SEC on or about May 15  2023. The delisting of the Company's ADSs will take effect no earlier than ten days after the date of that Form 25 filing. The Company expects that as a result of this voluntary delisting  the last trading day of its ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Global Market will be on or about May 24  2023. On and after such date  the ADSs of the Company will no longer be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and whether or not the Company's ADSs will be traded on the over-the-counter market thereafter will depend on the actions of shareholders and independent third parties  without the Company's involvement.As announced by the Company on April 4  2023  Nasdaq notified the Company on March 31  2023 that the Company that it failed to maintain the continued listing requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(A) for the Nasdaq Global Market  which requires that a listed company’s stockholders’ equity be at least $10.0 million. Further  on April 19  2023  as announced by the Company on April 24  2023  the Company received a notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that the minimum closing bid price per share of its ADSs was below $1.00 for a period of 30 consecutive business days and that the Company did not meet the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1).The Board of Directors has determined that the voluntary delisting of the Company’s ADSs will be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board’s decision was based on careful review of several factors  including the benefits to the Company of eliminating the costs of being listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and complying with the periodic reporting and related obligations under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  as well as eliminating the demands on management’s time of complying with the Nasdaq listing standards.On the date of this announcement  the Company will instruct Citibank  N.A.  as depositary (""Citibank"")  to issue the notice of terminating its ADR facility to the holders of ADSs according to the requirements under the deposit agreement  and the ADR facility will be terminated on or around June 4  2023 (the ""Termination Date""). Prior to termination of the deposit agreement  ADR holders are entitled to surrender their ADSs to Citibank for cancellation  and upon payment of the applicable fees  taxes and charges as provided in the deposit agreement  receive the underlying ordinary shares of the Company. Holders of ADSs should contact Citibank or  to the extent holding ADSs through a bank  broker or other nominee  should contact such bank  broker or nominee with any questions regarding the ADSs.The Company’s reporting obligations under applicable U.S. federal securities laws are expected to continue after the delisting from the Nasdaq Global Market and termination of the ADR facility. Following satisfaction of the relevant deregistration conditions under the applicable U.S. federal securities laws  the Company intends to terminate its reporting obligations under the applicable U.S. federal securities laws and to deregister the ADSs. The Company intends to release further information on such deregistration and termination of reporting obligations at a later date.The Company reserves the right  for any reason  to delay any of the filings described above  to withdraw them prior to effectiveness  and to otherwise change its plans in respect of delisting  termination of the ADR facility and deregistration and termination of its reporting obligations under applicable U.S. federal securities laws in any way.About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Forward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated potential benefits  transactions and partnerships  statements regarding the potential value of the Company’s IP  and statements regarding the voluntary delisting from Nasdaq. The words “will ” “believe ” “potential ” “continue ” “target ” “project ” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Celyad Oncology Contacts:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.14,0.03,True,English,"['American Depository Shares', 'Celyad Oncology', 'Intent', 'Nasdaq', 'applicable U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor', 'minimum closing bid price', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'next-generation CAR T candidates', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'continued listing requirement', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'last trading day', 'independent third parties', '30 consecutive business days', 'proprietary technology platforms', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'Nasdaq listing standards', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'American Depositary Shares', 'underlying ordinary shares', 'relevant deregistration conditions', 'applicable fees', 'Exchange Commission', 'counter market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Celyad Oncology', 'stockholders’ equity', 'best interests', 'careful review', 'several factors', 'periodic reporting', 'related obligations', 'N.A.', 'deposit agreement', 'reporting obligations', 'true potential', 'intellectual property', 'solid tumors', 'hematological malignancies', 'New York', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Form 25 filing', 'other nominee', 'ADR facility', 'later date', 'voluntary delisting', 'formal notice', 'biotechnology company', 'ADR holders', 'The Company', 'Termination Date', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'May', 'CYAD', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ADSs', 'satisfaction', 'requirements', 'connection', 'intention', 'order', 'effect', 'result', 'actions', 'shareholders', 'involvement', 'April', 'March', 'decision', 'benefits', 'costs', 'demands', 'management', 'time', 'announcement', 'Citibank', 'June', 'cancellation', 'payment', 'taxes', 'charges', 'extent', 'broker', 'questions', 'information', 'right', 'reason', 'filings', 'plans', 'respect', 'way', 'opportunities', 'development']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24442,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-April-28-ndash-May-4-2023-on-the-First-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Progra-43763127/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Weekly Report (April 28 – May 4  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  May 5  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €5…,Weekly Report (April 28 – May 4  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  May 5  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between April 28 up to and including May 4  2023 :Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 28.04.2023 200 000 € 14 7578 € 2 951 560 MILE 02.05.2023 200 000 € 14 9766 € 2 995 320 MILE 03.05.2023 200 000 € 14 4627 € 2 892 540 MILE 04.05.2023 550 286 € 14 2998 € 7 868 980 MILE Total 1 150 286 € 14 5254 € 16 708 400Since March 17  2023 up to and including May 4  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 5 853 910 common shares for a total consideration of € 93 019 993.As of May 4  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 74 979 454 common shares equal to 2.33% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.66,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'April', 'May', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'defined benefit pension plans', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'innovative, attractive products', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'operating results', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'common shares', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'adequate financing', 'associated risks', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'safety regulations', 'retail customers', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'April', 'May', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', 'consolidation', 'exposure', 'shortfalls', 'funding', 'access', 'dealers']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24443,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662289/0/en/Combined-General-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-24-2023-availability-of-preliminary-documents.html,Combined General Shareholders' Meeting of May 24  2023: availability of preliminary documents,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — May 5  2023  COMBINED GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF MAY 24  2023  Availability of preliminary documents ......,English FrenchPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — May 5  2023COMBINED GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGOF MAY 24  2023Availability of preliminary documentsDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) informs its shareholders that its Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Wednesday  May 24  2023 at 3:00 pm at Dassault Systèmes’ headquarters  10 rue Marcel Dassault – 78140 Vélizy-Villacoublay.The preliminary notification stating the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on April 17  2023  and is available on Dassault Systèmes’ website at the following address: https://investor.3ds.com/shareholders-meeting/home.The convening notice stating the agenda is published on May 5  2023 in the BALO and will be made available at the foregoing address.Documents and information relating to this meeting and especially information provided by the article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial code  are available to the shareholders at the foregoing internet address. They will also be available at Dassault Systèmes’ headquarters.Shareholders are invited to consult the Dassault Systèmes’ 2022 Universal Registration Document  filed on March 17  2023 with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and available on Dassault Systèmes’ website at the forgoing internet address. It provides a major part of information mentioned in the article R.225-83 of the French Commercial code and especially the presentation of the resolutions proposed.###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens.Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com.Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts: +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"[""Combined General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'preliminary documents', 'May', 'availability', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Dassault Systèmes’ headquarters', 'Dassault Systèmes’ website', 'des marchés financiers', 'COMBINED GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', '10 rue Marcel Dassault', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'French Commercial code', 'foregoing internet address', 'Press Release', 'foregoing address', 'commercial trademarks', 'English French', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'French law', 'following address', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'preliminary notification', 'convening notice', 'major part', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'Experience Economy', 'human-centered economy', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'European company', 'Societas Europaea', 'Versailles trade', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'preliminary documents', 'draft resolutions', 'real world', 'other countries', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'May', 'Availability', 'DSY', 'Wednesday', 'agenda', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'April', 'information', 'article', 'AMF', 'presentation', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'production', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'investors', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'companies', 'registry', 'number', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '3:00', '©']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24444,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DASSAULT-SYSTEMES-SE-440391/news/Combined-General-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-24-2023-availability-of-preliminary-documents-43752493/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Combined General Shareholders' Meeting of May 24  2023: availability of preliminary documents,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — May 5  2023 COMBINED GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF MAY 24  2023 Availability of preliminary documents Dassault Systèmes informs its shareholders that its Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be…,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — May 5  2023COMBINED GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGOF MAY 24  2023Availability of preliminary documentsDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) informs its shareholders that its Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Wednesday  May 24  2023 at 3:00 pm at Dassault Systèmes’ headquarters  10 rue Marcel Dassault – 78140 Vélizy-Villacoublay.The preliminary notification stating the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on April 17  2023  and is available on Dassault Systèmes’ website at the following address: https://investor.3ds.com/shareholders-meeting/home.The convening notice stating the agenda is published on May 5  2023 in the BALO and will be made available at the foregoing address.Documents and information relating to this meeting and especially information provided by the article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial code  are available to the shareholders at the foregoing internet address. They will also be available at Dassault Systèmes’ headquarters.Shareholders are invited to consult the Dassault Systèmes’ 2022 Universal Registration Document  filed on March 17  2023 with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and available on Dassault Systèmes’ website at the forgoing internet address. It provides a major part of information mentioned in the article R.225-83 of the French Commercial code and especially the presentation of the resolutions proposed.###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens.Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com.Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts: +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"[""Combined General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'preliminary documents', 'May', 'availability', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Dassault Systèmes’ headquarters', 'Dassault Systèmes’ website', 'des marchés financiers', 'COMBINED GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', '10 rue Marcel Dassault', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'French Commercial code', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'foregoing internet address', 'Press Release', 'Bulletin des', 'foregoing address', 'commercial trademarks', 'French law', 'following address', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'preliminary notification', 'convening notice', 'major part', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'Experience Economy', 'human-centered economy', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', 'Arnaud Malherbe', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'European company', 'Societas Europaea', 'Versailles trade', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'preliminary documents', 'draft resolutions', 'real world', 'other countries', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'May', 'Availability', 'DSY', 'Wednesday', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'April', 'information', 'article', 'AMF', 'presentation', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'production', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'investors', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'companies', 'number', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '3:00', '©']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24445,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-s-Sandeep-Sacheti-to-Share-Insights-Into-AI-s-Transformative-Impact-on-Business-43762638/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Wolters Kluwer's Sandeep Sacheti to Share Insights Into AI's Transformative Impact on Business,(marketscreener.com) Sacheti will partake in a series of expert panels exploring Wolters Kluwer’s innovative approach to AIhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-s-Sandeep-Sacheti-to-Share-Insights-Into-AI-s-Tran…,Sacheti will partake in a series of expert panels exploring Wolters Kluwer’s innovative approach to AIChatGPT and other large language models (LLMs) with the ability to generate human-like speech have the power to transform the way that many of today’s leading companies operate – but not overnight. Sandeep Sacheti  Executive Vice President  Customer Information Management and Operational Excellence for Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance  will share how the company is bringing the best of human expertise and machines together during a series of speaking engagements set to begin with “Automation  AI and ChatGPT: How Will Labor Be Affected?”  a virtual panel held by the Henry George School of Social Science on May 9 at 6:30 PM EDT.Sacheti will be joined by Edward Dodson  a faculty member at the Henry George School of Social Science  and Ansel Schiavone  Professor of Economics at St. John’s University  for an in-depth discussion surrounding labor markets and the seismic technological disruption posed by AI and automation. Sacheti will outline a conscientious approach towards LLMs that emphasizes the unparalleled degree of accuracy clients have come to expect from Wolters Kluwer’s products and services.Later this month  Sacheti will also lend his considerable expertise to the HFS Horizons Summit in New York City. There he’ll join a panel of other leading technology executives to discuss how enterprises may leverage innovative technologies such as generative AI  the metaverse  and Web3 to drive new sources of value and reduce costs. The seminar – “The Ecosystem Effect – How to Create New Forms of Value” – will be held Wednesday  May 17 from 9:35 AM to 10:25 AM EDT at 1221 Avenue of the Americas in New York City. Guests may also register to attend the event virtually.“As the promise held by large language models continues to mature  Wolters Kluwer remains focused on cultivating the intricate blend of sophisticated technologies and market-leading domain expertise required to produce dependable  client-centric innovation ” Sacheti said. “We are committed to providing our customers with the precision and accuracy they depend upon to support their businesses.”Prior to joining Wolters Kluwer in 2012  Sacheti occupied senior leadership positions at UBS and American Express in areas of fraud detection  credit risk management and information management. He holds a Doctorate from the University of California  Berkeley  as well as more than 20 patents in decision science  fraud verification and identification and has published extensively on these subjects. Last year  Finance Monthly named Sacheti FinTech Executive Leader of the Year  USA  in conjunction with the magazine’s annual and highly coveted FinTech Awards  while Corporate Vision magazine bestowed the honor of Analytics Executive Leader of the Year.The Henry George School of Social Sciences was founded in 1932 with an underlying mission to create a more productive national economy that encourages inclusive prosperity. HFS Research is an analyst organization focused on the intersection of innovation and business operations. Each year  HFS produces more than 100 events and conferences devoted to fostering one-on-one discussions between consumers  advisors and business process and technology providers.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230505005071/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'Sandeep Sacheti', 'Transformative Impact', 'Insights', 'AI', 'Business', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'other large language models', 'other leading technology executives', 'The Henry George School', 'The Ecosystem Effect', 'Executive Vice President', 'seismic technological disruption', 'senior leadership positions', 'coveted FinTech Awards', 'productive national economy', 'deep domain knowledge', 'credit risk management', 'New York City', 'market-leading domain expertise', 'HFS Horizons Summit', 'dependable, client-centric innovation', 'Analytics Executive Leader', 'Customer Information Management', 'Corporate Vision magazine', 'Wolters Kluwer Financial', 'leading companies', 'technology providers', 'specialized technology', 'new sources', 'New Forms', 'human expertise', 'considerable expertise', 'Corporate Compliance', 'corporate performance', 'expert panels', 'innovative approach', 'Operational Excellence', 'speaking engagements', 'Edward Dodson', 'faculty member', 'Ansel Schiavone', 'St. John', 'depth discussion', 'conscientious approach', 'unparalleled degree', 'innovative technologies', 'intricate blend', 'sophisticated technologies', 'American Express', 'fraud detection', 'fraud verification', 'Social Sciences', 'underlying mission', 'inclusive prosperity', 'HFS Research', 'analyst organization', 'business process', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'source version', 'virtual panel', 'labor markets', 'business operations', 'one discussions', '2022 annual revenues', 'Sandeep Sacheti', 'series', 'ChatGPT', 'LLMs', 'ability', 'speech', 'power', 'way', 'today', 'company', 'machines', 'Automation', 'May', 'Professor', 'Economics', 'University', 'accuracy', 'clients', 'products', 'services', 'enterprises', 'metaverse', 'Web3', 'value', 'costs', 'seminar', '9:35 AM', '10:25 AM', '1221 Avenue', 'Americas', 'Guests', 'event', 'promise', 'customers', 'precision', 'businesses', 'UBS', 'areas', 'Doctorate', 'California', 'Berkeley', '20 patents', 'identification', 'subjects', 'Year', 'USA', 'conjunction', 'honor', 'intersection', 'conferences', 'consumers', 'advisors', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', '6:30']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24446,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAINT-GOBAIN-4697/news/Saint-Gobain-Description-of-the-share-buy-back-program-43763946/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Saint Gobain : Description of the share buy-back program -,(marketscreener.com)    This text is a free translation from the French language and is supplied solely for information purposes.   Only the original version in the French language has legal force.   DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAM   TO …,"This text is a free translation from the French language and is supplied solely for information purposes.Only the original version in the French language has legal force.DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAMTO BE SUBMITTED TO THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGCONVENED TO BE HELD ON JUNE 8  2023(THIRTEENTH RESOLUTION)In accordance with Articles 241-1 et seq. of the French Financial Markets Authority's (Autorité des marchés financiers) General Regulations  this description aims to indicate the objectives  terms and conditions of the share buy-back program of COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN (the ""Company"") to be submitted for approval to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting convened to be held on June 8  2023.The Board of Directors wishes that the Company renews its share buy-back program. To this end  it will be proposed to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting to be held on June 8  2023 to authorize  as it does every year  through the 13th resolution  the implementation of a new share buy-back program to be established in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-62et seq. of the French Commercial Code  the European Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 dated April 16  2014  and the delegated regulations taken for its application  the French Financial Markets Authority's General Regulations and the market practice authorized by the latter. This authorization would supersede and replace the one granted in the 16th resolution of the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting held on June 2  2022  for the unused portion and the unexpired period.Shares may be purchased  sold  transferred or exchanged at any time  except during a public tender offer period involving the Company's shares  and by any means  provided that laws and regulations in force are complied with  on one or more occasions  on or off the stock market  over the counter  in whole or in part in blocks of shares  by public tender offer in cash or in shares  by using options or derivatives  either directly or indirectly through the intermediation of an investment services provider  or in any other way.The Company's shares are listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market.Date of the General Meeting called to authorize the share buy-back programThe new share buy-back program will be submitted for approval to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of June 8  2023.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Saint Gobain', 'Description', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'new share buy-back program', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'public tender offer period', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'marchés financiers', 'COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN', 'French Commercial Code', 'investment services provider', 'French language', 'unexpired period', 'General Regulations', 'free translation', 'information purposes', 'original version', 'THIRTEENTH RESOLUTION', '13th resolution', 'European Regulation', '16th resolution', 'unused portion', 'other way', 'Euronext Paris', 'market practice', 'stock market', 'legal force', 'The Board', 'The Company', 'text', 'DESCRIPTION', 'JUNE', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Autorité', 'objectives', 'terms', 'conditions', 'approval', 'Directors', 'implementation', 'provisions', 'April', 'application', 'latter', 'authorization', 'Shares', 'time', 'means', 'laws', 'occasions', 'counter', 'part', 'blocks', 'cash', 'options', 'derivatives', 'intermediation', 'Date']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24447,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAINT-GOBAIN-4697/news/Saint-Gobain-DESCRIPTION-OF-THE-SHARE-BUY-BACK-PROGRAM-TO-BE-SUBMITTED-TO-THE-ORDINARY-AND-EXTRAOR-43764577/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Saint Gobain : DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAM TO BE SUBMITTED TO THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING CONVENED TO BE HELD ON JUNE 8  2023 (THIRTEENTH RESOLUTION),(marketscreener.com)    This text is a free translation from the French language and is supplied solely for information purposes.   Only the original version in the French language has legal force.   DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAM   TO …,"This text is a free translation from the French language and is supplied solely for information purposes.Only the original version in the French language has legal force.DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAMTO BE SUBMITTED TO THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGCONVENED TO BE HELD ON JUNE 8  2023(THIRTEENTH RESOLUTION)In accordance with Articles 241-1 et seq. of the French Financial Markets Authority's (Autorité des marchés financiers) General Regulations  this description aims to indicate the objectives  terms and conditions of the share buy-back program of COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN (the ""Company"") to be submitted for approval to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting convened to be held on June 8  2023.The Board of Directors wishes that the Company renews its share buy-back program. To this end  it will be proposed to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting to be held on June 8  2023 to authorize  as it does every year  through the 13th resolution  the implementation of a new share buy-back program to be established in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-62et seq. of the French Commercial Code  the European Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 dated April 16  2014  and the delegated regulations taken for its application  the French Financial Markets Authority's General Regulations and the market practice authorized by the latter. This authorization would supersede and replace the one granted in the 16th resolution of the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting held on June 2  2022  for the unused portion and the unexpired period.Shares may be purchased  sold  transferred or exchanged at any time  except during a public tender offer period involving the Company's shares  and by any means  provided that laws and regulations in force are complied with  on one or more occasions  on or off the stock market  over the counter  in whole or in part in blocks of shares  by public tender offer in cash or in shares  by using options or derivatives  either directly or indirectly through the intermediation of an investment services provider  or in any other way.The Company's shares are listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market.Date of the General Meeting called to authorize the share buy-back programThe new share buy-back program will be submitted for approval to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of June 8  2023.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAM', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'Saint Gobain', 'THIRTEENTH RESOLUTION', 'DESCRIPTION', 'THE', 'JUNE', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'new share buy-back program', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'public tender offer period', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'marchés financiers', 'COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN', 'French Commercial Code', 'investment services provider', 'French language', 'unexpired period', 'General Regulations', 'free translation', 'information purposes', 'original version', 'THIRTEENTH RESOLUTION', '13th resolution', 'European Regulation', '16th resolution', 'unused portion', 'other way', 'Euronext Paris', 'market practice', 'stock market', 'legal force', 'The Board', 'The Company', 'text', 'DESCRIPTION', 'JUNE', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Autorité', 'objectives', 'terms', 'conditions', 'approval', 'Directors', 'implementation', 'provisions', 'April', 'application', 'latter', 'authorization', 'Shares', 'time', 'means', 'laws', 'occasions', 'counter', 'part', 'blocks', 'cash', 'options', 'derivatives', 'intermediation', 'Date']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERSEN-9632901/news/Mersen-Success-of-the-capital-increase-43752960/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Mersen : Success of the capital increase,(marketscreener.com)  Not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into Canada  Australia or Japan.   Mersen successfully completes its capital increase for an amount of approximately €100 million   Paris  May 5  2023 - M…,"Not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into Canada  Australia or Japan.Paris  May 5  2023 - Mersen (the ""Company"")  a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials  announces today it has successfully completed a capital increase with preferential subscription rights for an amount of approximately €100 million. The capital increase is designed to finance Mersen's 2027 growth plan and complement cash generated by the Group and undrawn credit facilities.The gross proceeds of the Capital Increase (including the issue premium) amount to €100 055 424.00 and result in the issuance of 3 573 408 new shares (the ""New Shares"") at a subscription price of €28.0 per New Share.Following the subscription period which ended on May 2  2023  total demand amounted to approximately €202.6 million  representing an oversubscription rate of 2.0x:3 356 088 New Shares have been subscribed on an irreducible basis and represent approximately 93.92% of the New Shares to be issued;Demand on a reducible basis involved 3 878 214 New Shares and will therefore only be partially allocated  in the amount of 217 320 New Shares allocated according to a coefficient of 0.03201140 calculated according to the number of rights submitted in support of irreducible subscriptions without resulting in an allocation of fractions of New Shares and without the allocation being greater than the number of New Shares requested on a reducible basis.The capital increase was conducted by a syndicate of banks.Issuance  settlement and delivery of the New Shares and commencement of trading on Euronext Paris are expected to take place on May 10  2023 (the ""Closing Date""). The New Shares will entitle their holders  immediately as from their date of issuance  to all dividends and distributions decided by Mersen as from such date. They will be immediately assimilated with existing shares of the Company and will be traded on the same trading line under the same ISIN code FR0000039620.Mersen is a global expert in electrical specialties and advanced materials for high-tech industries. With more than 50 industrial sites and 18 R&D centers in 34 countries around the world  Mersen develops custom-built solutions and delivers key products for clients in order to meet the new technological challenges shaping tomorrow's world. For over 130 years  Mersen's teams has focused tirelessly on innovation to accompany its clients and meet their needs. Be it in solar power  electronics  electric vehicles  aerospace or other sectors  wherever technology is progressing  you will always find a bit of Mersen. We work to constantly contribute to progress  striving daily to improve people's lives and protect the planet. This corporate commitment has been recognized by external rating agencies  Ecovadis (Gold Medal) and MSCI (AA rating).Mersen is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment B and is part of the SBF120 indexINVESTOR AND ANALYST CONTACTVéronique BocaVP  Communication MersenTel. + 33 (0)1 46 91 54 40Email: dri@mersen.comNo communication and no information in respect of this transaction may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where a registration or approval is required. No steps have been or will be taken in any jurisdiction (other than France) where such steps would be required. The issue  subscription for or purchase of Mersen S.A.'s securities may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Mersen S.A. assumes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person.This press release is not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").With respect to the member States of the European Economic Area other than France (the ""Member States"")  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of securities requiring the publication of a prospectus in any Member States. As a result  any securities of Mersen S.A. may only be offered in Member States (i) to qualified investors  as defined by the Prospectus Regulation; (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State  other than qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) ; or (iii) in any other circumstances  not requiring Mersen S.A. to publish a prospectus as provided under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; and provided that none of the offers mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above requires the publication of a prospectus by Mersen S.A. pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation  or a supplement to the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.With respect to the United Kingdom  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of securities requiring the publication of a prospectus in the United Kingdom. As a result  any securities of Mersen S.A. may only be offered in the United Kingdom (i) to qualified investors  as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons  other than qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation)  with the prior consent of the Managers (as such term is defined in the transaction documents); or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"")  provided that no such offer shall require Mersen S.A. to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.This press release and any other materials in relation to the securities of Mersen S.A. have not been made  and have not been approved  by an ""authorised person"" within the meaning of section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  or (iii) are high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons mentioned in paragraphs (i)  (ii) and (iii) collectively being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). Any securities are intended only for Relevant Persons and no invitation  offer or agreements to subscribe  purchase or acquire the securities may be proposed or made other than with Relevant Persons. Any person other than a Relevant Person may not act or rely on this press release or any provision thereof. This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other United Kingdom regulatory authority within the meaning of Section 85 of the FSMA.This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered  subscribed or sold in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements thereof. The securities in respect thereof have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and Mersen S.A. does not intend to make a public offer of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this press release in certain countries may constitute a breach of applicable law.The information contained in this press release does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan.This press release may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in Canada  Australia or Japan.",positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.23,0.6,True,English,"['capital increase', 'Mersen', 'Success', 'Véronique Boca VP', 'undrawn credit facilities', 'same ISIN code', '18 R&D centers', 'external rating agencies', 'European Economic Area', 'new technological challenges', 'same trading line', 'Mersen S.A.', 'The New Shares', 'preferential subscription rights', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', 'AA rating', 'European Parliament', 'European Union', '3,573,408 new shares', '3,356,088 New Shares', '3,878,214 New Shares', '217,320 New Shares', 'existing shares', 'global expert', 'electrical power', 'advanced materials', 'capital increase', '2027 growth plan', 'gross proceeds', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'total demand', 'oversubscription rate', 'irreducible basis', 'irreducible subscriptions', 'electrical specialties', 'high-tech industries', '50 industrial sites', 'custom-built solutions', 'key products', 'solar power', 'electric vehicles', 'other sectors', 'corporate commitment', 'Gold Medal', 'SBF120 index', 'ANALYST CONTACT', 'specific legal', 'domestic law', 'member States', 'qualified investors', 'legal persons', 'other circumstances', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Paris', 'issue premium', 'regulatory restrictions', 'press release', 'Closing Date', 'Communication Mersen', 'publication', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Company', 'amount', 'cash', 'Group', 'issuance', 'May', 'coefficient', 'number', 'support', 'allocation', 'fractions', 'syndicate', 'banks', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'commencement', 'place', 'holders', 'dividends', '34 countries', 'world', 'clients', 'order', 'tomorrow', '130 years', 'teams', 'innovation', 'needs', 'electronics', 'aerospace', 'technology', 'bit', 'progress', 'people', 'lives', 'planet', 'Ecovadis', 'MSCI', 'Compartment', 'Tel.', 'Email', 'information', 'respect', 'transaction', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'approval', 'steps', 'France', 'purchase', 'securities', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'meaning', 'Council', '14 June', 'virtue', 'offer', 'result', 'fewer', '150 natural', 'Article', 'none', 'paragraphs', 'supplement']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24449,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALMAWAVE-S-P-A-120091815/news/Almawave-S-p-A-Q1-2023-results-43763595/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Almawave S p A : Q1 2023 results,(marketscreener.com) that the decision regarding the approval of the merger be adopted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Almawave. Shareholders who may be interested in availing of this option must send  by certified e-mail to almawave@pec.almaviv…,"ALMAWAVE: REVENUES GROW 41% IN Q1 2023 TO EURO 12.8 MILLION Revenues of Euro 12.8 million (+40.9% vs Q1 2022)Total revenues and other income of Euro 13.9 million (+44.6% vs Q1 2022)Adjusted EBITDA 1 of Euro 3.0 million (+30.0% vs Q1 2022) and Reported EBITDA of Euro 2.9 million (+37.6% vs Q1 2022)of Euro 3.0 million (+30.0% vs Q1 2022) and Reported EBITDA of Euro 2.9 million (+37.6% vs Q1 2022) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 1 of 23.1% (25.1% in Q1 2022)of 23.1% (25.1% in Q1 2022) Adjusted EBIT 1 of Euro 1.8 million (+34.1% vs Q1 2022)of Euro 1.8 million (+34.1% vs Q1 2022) Adjusted EBIT Margin of 14.3% (15.0% in Q1 2022)Net Cash Position of Euro 9.6 millionPlan for the merger by incorporation of the subsidiary Pervoice S.p.A. approved Rome  May 5  2023 - The Board of Directors of Almawave S.p.A.  an Italian enterprise listed on the Euronext Growth Milan (Ticker: AIW) and a member of the Almaviva Group  an Artificial Intelligence (AI)  natural language analysis and Big Data services leader  today approved the Q1 2023 consolidated results2. Almawave's Chief Executive Officer Valeria Sandei  stated: ""The results for the first quarter of this year confirm the company's continued growth trajectory. Almawave's performance improved further at the beginning of the year  with all business components strengthening. The contribution of the companies acquired in 2022 also supported this growth. They are involved in extremely innovative areas and have immediately been integrated into the business model. The outlook for the markets in which we are engaged allow us to look to the rest of the year with confidence"". Revenues in the first three months of the year rose 40.9% on Q1 2022 to Euro 12.8 million. Total revenues and other income amounted to Euro 13.9 million  up 44.6% on the previous year. The company's earnings  despite increased business development investment  continued to grow at margins nearly in line with the same period of the previous year. Adjusted EBITDA1 was Euro 3.0 million  up 30.0% on Q1 2022  with an Adjusted EBITDA Margin1 of 23.1% (25.1% in Q1 2022). Adjusted EBIT1 rose 34.1% on the same period of 2022 to Euro 1.8 million  with an Adjusted EBIT Margin1 of 14.3% (15.0% in Q1 2022). Net Cash Position of Euro 9.6 million at March 31  2022 (cash of approx. Euro 10.5 million at December 31  2022). Net of the accrual for the Stock Grant Plan Unaudited figuresIn the first quarter of 2023  the growth of The Data Appeal Company and Sistemi Territoriali  who joined the consolidation scope in 2022  also continued. Both companies  also thanks to the increasing synergies put in place with the other Group companies  delivered strong performances  respectively returning growth of 74% YoY and approx. 43% YoY. Other approved BoD motions Plan for the merger by incorporation of the wholly-owned subsidiary Pervoice S.p.A. The Board of Directors thereafter approved the merger by incorporation of the wholly-owned subsidiary Pervoice S.p.A. (""Pervoice""). The transaction will result in the concentration at Almawave of the activities carried out by Pervoice  allowing for both greater synergies within the Almawave Group  through the rationalisation of the governance and operational  commercial and financial structures  and the reduction of operating and management costs resulting from the elimination of duplication of corporate and administrative activities. Since Almawave holds the entire share capital of Pervoice  the merger will be carried out by applying the ""simplified procedure"" under Article 2505 of the Civil Code. Due to the above  the provisions of Article 2501-ter  paragraph 1  numbers 3  4 and 5 of the Civil Code do not apply and the preparation of the Directors' report as well as the determination of an exchange ratio  will not take place. Since this is an inter-company transaction  in the absence of significant interests of other related parties  the procedures under current regulations for transactions between related parties do not apply. The By-Laws will not be changed as a result of the merger since Almawave's corporate purpose already includes the area of activity carried out by Pervoice. It is noted that the merger will be considered by: the Shareholders' Meeting of Pervoice;by the Board of Directors of Almawave  pursuant to Article 2505  paragraph 2 of the Civil Code  as well as Article 28 of its By-Laws. The foregoing  without prejudice to the right of Shareholders representing at least 5% of the relevant share capital to request  within eight days of the publication of the Merger Plan on Almawave's website (and  therefore  from today's date) - that the decision regarding the approval of the merger be adopted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Almawave. Shareholders who may be interested in availing of this option must send  by certified e-mail to almawave@pec.almaviva.it  a special request containing (i) their identification data  (ii) the number of shares held  and (iii) the certification issued by the intermediary declaring their ownership. For all further information  please refer to the Merger Plan  which  together with the documents required by the applicable regulations  is filed at the Company's registered office  as well as published today on the website www.almawave.com  Investors Section - Governance - Corporate Transactions  on the authorised storage mechanism(www.1info.it) and on the website of Borsa Italiana  www.borsaitaliana.it  ""Documents"" Section.ALMAWAVE - HIGHLIGHTS Q1 2023 Q1 2022 YoY % (in Euro milion) Revenues 12 8 9 1 40 9% EBITDA Adjusted 3 0 2 3 30 0% EBITDA Adjusted Margin 23 1% 25 1% EBIT Adjusted 1 8 1 4 34 1% EBIT Adjusted Margin 14 3% 15 0% ALMAWAVE - HIGHLIGHTS Q1 2023 Q1 2022 YoY % (in Euro milion) Revenues 12 8 9 1 40 9% EBITDA Reported 2 9 2 1 37 6% EBITDA Reported Margin 22 3% 22 8% EBIT Reported 1 7 1 2 48 7% EBIT Reported Margin 13 4% 12 7% Net Result Reported 1 3 0 9 46 8% Net Result Reported Margin 10 5% 10 0% Q1 2023 FY 2022 Net Financial Position 9 6 10 5 This press release is available on Almawave's website at www.almawave.it  in the Investor Relations section",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.25,0.28,True,English,"['Almawave S', 'Q1 2023 results', 'subsidiary Pervoice S.p.A.', 'Big Data services leader', 'Almawave S.p.A.', 'The Data Appeal Company', 'natural language analysis', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'entire share capital', 'relevant share capital', 'first three months', 'business development investment', 'Stock Grant Plan', 'BoD motions Plan', 'Net Cash Position', 'continued growth trajectory', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'other related parties', 'other Group companies', 'EURO 12.8 MILLION Revenues', 'Q1 2023 consolidated results', 'identification data', 'Merger P', 'Almaviva Group', 'first quarter', 'business components', 'business model', 'other income', 'REVENUES GROW', 'Total revenues', 'Italian enterprise', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Valeria Sandei', 'innovative areas', 'same period', 'Unaudited figures', 'Sistemi Territoriali', 'consolidation scope', 'increasing synergies', 'strong performances', 'greater synergies', 'operational, commercial', 'financial structures', 'management costs', 'simplified procedure', 'Civil Code', 'exchange ratio', 'significant interests', 'current regulations', 'eight days', 'special request', 'EBIT Margin', 'Almawave Group', 'Euronext Growth', 'administrative activities', 'inter-company transaction', 'corporate purpose', 'EBITDA Margin', 'previous year', ""Directors' report"", 'Rome', 'Board', 'Milan', 'Ticker', 'AIW', 'member', 'beginning', 'contribution', 'markets', 'confidence', 'earnings', 'margins', 'line', 'EBITDA1', 'EBIT1', 'March', 'December', 'accrual', 'place', '74% YoY', '43% YoY', 'concentration', 'rationalisation', 'governance', 'reduction', 'operating', 'elimination', 'duplication', 'Article', 'provisions', 'paragraph', 'numbers', 'preparation', 'determination', 'absence', 'procedures', 'transactions', 'Laws', 'activity', 'By', 'prejudice', 'right', 'publication', 'website', 'today', 'decision', 'approval', 'option', 'mail', 'shares', 'certification', 'intermediary', 'ownership', 'information']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24450,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662708/0/en/A%C3%A9roports-de-Paris-SA-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-as-of-30-April-2023.html,Aéroports de Paris SA: Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 30 April 2023,5 May 2023        Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and shares as of 30 April 2023Statement according to Article L. 233-8-II...,English French5 May 2023Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and sharesas of 30 April 2023Statement according to Article L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”ISIN: FR0010340141Ticker: ADPListing place: Euronext ParisMarket: Euronext Paris - Compartment A – SRDDate Total number of shares Total number of gross voting rights Total number of net voting rights1 30/04/2023 98 960 602 163 930 764 163 624 7791 Gross voting rights less shares without voting rights.Correction: It has been identified that 9 103 shares held by Aéroports de Paris  acquired between November 25th  2015 and March 22nd  2016  corresponding to the remainder of the employee shareholding plan implemented in 2016  had been omitted from the count of shares held by the company since January 2018. As a result  the number of net voting rights has been incorrectly reported: the real number of nets voting rights was 9 103 lower than the number published in the press releases regarding voting rights from January 2018 to July 2022  and 9 153 lower than the number published in the press releases regarding voting rights from August 2022 to March 2023  also due to an error in the liquidity contract monitoring tools. A corrective table is attached as Appendix to this press release.Investor Relations: Cécile Combeau +33 6 32 35 01 46 and Eliott Roch +33 6 98 90 85 14 - invest@adp.frPress contact: Justine Léger  Head of Medias and Reputation Department +33 1 74 25 23 23Groupe ADP develops and manages airports  including Paris-Charles de Gaulle  Paris-Orly and Paris-Le Bourget. In 2022  the group handled through its brand Paris Aéroport 86.7 million passengers at Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Paris-Orly  and nearly 193.7 million passengers in airports abroad. Boasting an exceptional geographic location and a major catchment area  the Group is pursuing its strategy of adapting and modernizing its terminal facilities and upgrading quality of services; the group also intends to develop its retail and real estate businesses. In 2022  group revenue stood at €4 688 million and net income at €516million.Registered office: 1  rue de France  93 290 Tremblay-en-France. Aéroports de Paris is a public limited company (Société Anonyme) with share capital of €296 881 806. Registered in the Bobigny Trade and Company Register under no. 552 016 628.groupe-adp.comAppendix – Correction of the number of net voting rights since January 2018Date Published number of net voting rights Corrected number of net voting rights difference 31-Jan.-18 171 225 967 171 216 864 -9 103 28-Feb.-18 171 226 038 171 216 935 -9 103 31-March-18 171 278 845 171 269 742 -9 103 30-April-18 171 278 147 171 269 044 -9 103 31-May-18 171 434 169 171 425 066 -9 103 30-June-18 171 529 222 171 520 119 -9 103 31-July-18 171 523 097 171 513 994 -9 103 31-Aug-18 171 693 082 171 683 979 -9 103 30-Sept.-18 171 763 224 171 754 121 -9 103 31-Oct.-18 171 756 644 171 747 541 -9 103 30-Nov.-18 171 743 283 171 734 180 -9 103 31-Dec.-18 171 740 652 171 731 549 -9 103 31-Jan.-19 171 735 892 171 726 789 -9 103 28-Feb.-19 171 722 261 171 713 158 -9 103 31-March-19 171 717 805 171 708 702 -9 103 30-April-19 171 712 243 171 703 140 -9 103 31-May-19 171 710 663 171 701 560 -9 103 30-June-19 171 709 024 171 699 921 -9 103 31-July-19 171 771 981 171 762 878 -9 103 31-Aug-19 171 779 652 171 770 549 -9 103 30-Sept.-19 177 788 832 177 779 729 -9 103 31-Oct.-19 171 789 132 171 780 029 -9 103 30-Nov.-19 171 787 115 171 778 012 -9 103 31-Dec.-19 171 793 571 171 784 468 -9 103 31-Jan.-20 171 786 098 171 776 995 -9 103 29-Feb.-20 171 774 757 171 765 654 -9 103 31-March-20 171 774 429 171 765 326 -9 103 30-April-20 171 774 368 171 765 265 -9 103 31-May-20 171 774 238 171 765 135 -9 103 30-June-20 171 774 125 171 765 022 -9 103 31-July-20 171 774 393 171 765 290 -9 103 31-Aug.-20 171 774 414 171 765 311 -9 103 30-Sept.-20 171 774 349 171 765 246 -9 103 31-Oct.-20 171 774 049 171 764 946 -9 103 30-Nov.-20 171 773 347 171 764 244 -9 103 31-Dec.-20 171 770 882 171 761 779 -9 103 31-Jan.-21 171 771 132 171 762 029 -9 103 28-Feb.-21 171 771 771 171 762 668 -9 103 31-March-21 171 772 392 171 763 289 -9 103 30-April-21 171 772 119 171 763 016 -9 103 31-May-21 171 793 002 171 783 899 -9 103 30-June-21 171 789 497 171 780 394 -9 103 31-July-21 171 791 618 171 782 515 -9 103 31-Aug.-21 171 791 004 171 781 901 -9 103 30-Sept.-21 171 793 429 171 784 326 -9 103 31-Oct.-21 171 794 799 171 785 696 -9 103 30-Nov.-21 171 791 533 171 782 430 -9 103 31-Dec.-21 171 794 685 171 785 582 -9 103 31-Jan.-22 171 793 859 171 784 756 -9 103 28-Feb.-22 171 793 035 171 783 932 -9 103 31-March-22 171 800 337 171 791 234 -9 103 30-April-22 171 912 909 171 903 806 -9 103 31-May-22 171 903 842 171 894 739 -9 103 30-June-22 171 892 774 171 883 671 -9 103 31-July-22 171 896 628 171 887 525 -9 103 31-Aug.-22 171 885 208 171 876 055 -9 153 30-Sept.-22 171 873 733 171 864 580 -9 153 31-Oct.-22 171 876 600 171 867 447 -9 153 30-Nov.-22 167 815 701 167 806 548 -9 153 31-Dec.-22 163 650 763 163 641 610 -9 153 31-Jan.-23 163 645 134 163 635 981 -9 153 28-Feb.-23 163 644 922 163 635 769 -9 153 31-March-23 163 631 911 163 622 758 -9 153Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Aéroports de', 'Paris SA', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', '30 April', 'liquidity contract monitoring tools', 'net voting rights difference', 'Aéroports de Paris', 'Paris-Charles de Gaulle', 'employee shareholding plan', 'Cécile Combeau', 'exceptional geographic location', 'major catchment area', 'Société Anonyme', 'net voting rights1', 'French Commercial Code', 'Justine Léger', 'real estate businesses', 'gross voting rights', 'nets voting rights', 'Paris Aéroport', '1, rue de France', 'Euronext Paris Market', 'public limited company', 'Marchés Financiers', 'net income', 'Compartment A', 'English French', 'Paris SA', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Listing place', 'press releases', 'corrective table', 'Investor Relations', 'Eliott Roch', 'Press contact', 'Reputation Department', 'Paris-Le Bourget', '86.7 million passengers', '193.7 million passengers', 'terminal facilities', 'Registered office', 'share capital', 'Bobigny Trade', 'Company Register', 'real number', 'Groupe ADP', 'Total number', 'group revenue', 'less shares', '9,103 shares', '5 May', 'Information', '30 April', 'Statement', 'Autorité', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'SRD', 'Date', 'Correction', 'November', 'remainder', 'count', 'January', 'result', 'July', 'August', 'error', 'Appendix', 'Head', 'Medias', 'airports', 'Paris-Orly', 'brand', 'strategy', 'quality', 'services', 'retail', '290 Tremblay', 'Jan.', 'June', 'Oct.', 'Sept', 'Aug.', 'Feb.']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24451,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Nexans-awarded-its-largest-agreement-in-history-to-support-energy-transition-in-Europe-with-TenneT-43752133/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Nexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT,(marketscreener.com) Nexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT  _PRESS RELEASE_ Nexans awarded frame agreement by TenneT for turnkey high voltage direct current projects for offshore wind farmsThe agree…,"Nexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans awarded frame agreement by TenneT for turnkey high v oltage direct current projects for o ffshore wind farmsThe agreement includes an initial commitment for three grid connection projects of an initial value of 1.7bn EUR for cable s and installation onlyThe se projects will contribute to the acceleration of Germany’s energy transition and further increase energy security in Europe ; they will be operational between 2029 and 2031Nexans  through its innovative 525 kV subsea cable system  will provide a total of 6 GW of energy from the North Sea to Germany.Paris  May 5  2023 – Nexans  a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has been awarded a frame agreement by TenneT  the Transmission System Operator (TSO) for the Netherlands and a significant part of Germany.Under this frame  Nexans will be responsible for three grid projects  connecting the future offshore wind farms BalWin 3  LanWin 4  LanWin 2  in the German North Sea to main land. The initial value is 1.7bn EUR  with major subcontracted works to be added once the project-specific call-offs are signed.Nexans will be responsible for the full Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation – including civil works (EPCI) of over 2 160 km of subsea and land cables.In 2022  Nexans made a major step forward with the successful development and testing of the first 525 kV DC cable with key features to enable a substantial increase in transmission capacity. The awarded projects are the first in which the Nexans group is deploying its breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology  specifically designed to support the energy transition. The subsea cables will be manufactured at Nexans’ flagship factory in Halden  Norway.After the successful completion of the DolWin 6 project and the award of the BorWin 6 project in 2022  the frame agreement continues Nexans’ long-term partnership with TenneT  contributing to the acceleration of Germany’s energy transition. It confirms that Nexans is a reliable partner to support the energy transition and reduce net GHG emissions to meet the carbon neutrality targets set at COP21.Vincent Dessale  Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Nexans said: ""The uncertainty on the energy supply has again underlined the need to invest in offshore grids throughout Europe. This can only happen by creating strong and long term partnerships between suppliers and transmission system operators. The frame agreement developed by TenneT is the perfect answer to those challenges  and is consistent with Nexans’ risk reward model. Nexans is proud to be involved in the ground-breaking developments and delighted to be trusted by TenneT. Our expertise in this field has allowed us to be at the forefront of the energy transition via offshore wind globally.""Nexans’ commitment to sustainability  focus on electrification  development of innovative technologies dedicated to HVDC projects  and investments in new production capacity  vessels and subsea cable protection tools  position the Group as a major player of the energy transition.Tim Meyerjürgens  COO TenneT says: “After recent awarding of the first five cable connections and the announcement of the suppliers for the sea- and land-based converter stations  we are again very proud to announce the partners for the multi-year agreement to produce and install the cables for these crucial and innovative grid connection systems for the energy transition.”About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91mael.evin@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['largest agreement', 'energy transition', 'Nexans', 'history', 'Europe', 'TenneT', 'turnkey high v oltage direct current projects', 'breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology', 'innovative 525 kV subsea cable system', 'Senior Executive Vice President', 'first 525 kV DC cable', 'four main business areas', 'first five cable connections', 'subsea cable protection tools', 'three grid connection projects', 'innovative grid connection systems', 'Nexans’ risk reward model', 'future offshore wind farms', 'three grid projects', 'net GHG emissions', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'long term partnerships', 'Tim Meyerjürgens', 'land-based converter stations', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'Transmission System Operator', 'German North Sea', 'carbon neutrality targets', 'new production capacity', 'major subcontracted works', 'Nexans’ flagship factory', 'Nexans’ long-term partnership', 'cable systems', 'innovative technologies', 'first company', 'offshore grids', 'se projects', 'HVDC projects', 'main land', 'transmission capacity', 'subsea cables', 'civil works', 'new world', 'major step', 'major player', 'initial commitment', 'initial value', 'significant part', 'project-specific call-offs', 'full Engineering', 'key features', 'substantial increase', 'successful completion', 'DolWin 6 project', 'BorWin 6 project', 'reliable partner', 'Vincent Dessale', 'perfect answer', 'ground-breaking developments', 'recent awarding', 'a century', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor relations', 'largest agreement', 'multi-year agreement', 'energy transition', 'energy security', 'energy supply', 'land cables', 'Euronext Paris', 'frame agreement', 'The Group', 'successful development', 'crucial role', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Nexans’ commitment', 'Havas Paris', 'COO TenneT', 'Nexans group', 'TenneT.', 'history', 'Europe', '1.7bn', 'installation', 'acceleration', 'Germany', 'total', '6 GW', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'TSO', 'Netherlands', 'BalWin', 'LanWin', 'Procurement', 'Construction', 'EPCI', '2,160 km', 'testing', 'Halden', 'Norway', 'COP21', 'uncertainty', 'need', 'strong', 'suppliers', 'challenges', 'expertise', 'field', 'forefront', 'sustainability', 'electrification', 'investments', 'vessels', 'announcement', 'planet', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '6 44']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24452,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662275/0/en/Nexans-awarded-its-largest-agreement-in-history-to-support-energy-transition-in-Europe-with-TenneT.html,Nexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT,Nexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT     _PRESS RELEASE_    Nexans awarded frame agreement...,"English FrenchNexans awarded its largest agreement in history to support energy transition in Europe with TenneT_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans awarded frame agreement by TenneT for turnkey high v oltage direct current projects for o ffshore wind farmsThe agreement includes an initial commitment for three grid connection projects of an initial value of 1.7bn EUR for cable s and installation onlyThe se projects will contribute to the acceleration of Germany’s energy transition and further increase energy security in Europe ; they will be operational between 2029 and 2031Nexans  through its innovative 525 kV subsea cable system  will provide a total of 6 GW of energy from the North Sea to Germany.Paris  May 5  2023 – Nexans  a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has been awarded a frame agreement by TenneT  the Transmission System Operator (TSO) for the Netherlands and a significant part of Germany.Under this frame  Nexans will be responsible for three grid projects  connecting the future offshore wind farms BalWin 3  LanWin 4  LanWin 2  in the German North Sea to main land. The initial value is 1.7bn EUR  with major subcontracted works to be added once the project-specific call-offs are signed.Nexans will be responsible for the full Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation – including civil works (EPCI) of over 2 160 km of subsea and land cables.In 2022  Nexans made a major step forward with the successful development and testing of the first 525 kV DC cable with key features to enable a substantial increase in transmission capacity. The awarded projects are the first in which the Nexans group is deploying its breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology  specifically designed to support the energy transition. The subsea cables will be manufactured at Nexans’ flagship factory in Halden  Norway.After the successful completion of the DolWin 6 project and the award of the BorWin 6 project in 2022  the frame agreement continues Nexans’ long-term partnership with TenneT  contributing to the acceleration of Germany’s energy transition. It confirms that Nexans is a reliable partner to support the energy transition and reduce net GHG emissions to meet the carbon neutrality targets set at COP21.Vincent Dessale  Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Nexans said: ""The uncertainty on the energy supply has again underlined the need to invest in offshore grids throughout Europe. This can only happen by creating strong and long term partnerships between suppliers and transmission system operators. The frame agreement developed by TenneT is the perfect answer to those challenges  and is consistent with Nexans’ risk reward model. Nexans is proud to be involved in the ground-breaking developments and delighted to be trusted by TenneT. Our expertise in this field has allowed us to be at the forefront of the energy transition via offshore wind globally.""Nexans’ commitment to sustainability  focus on electrification  development of innovative technologies dedicated to HVDC projects  and investments in new production capacity  vessels and subsea cable protection tools  position the Group as a major player of the energy transition.Tim Meyerjürgens  COO TenneT says: “After recent awarding of the first five cable connections and the announcement of the suppliers for the sea- and land-based converter stations  we are again very proud to announce the partners for the multi-year agreement to produce and install the cables for these crucial and innovative grid connection systems for the energy transition.”About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91mael.evin@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.0,positive,0.92,0.05,0.04,True,English,"['largest agreement', 'energy transition', 'Nexans', 'history', 'Europe', 'TenneT', 'turnkey high v oltage direct current projects', 'breakthrough 525 kV offshore cable technology', 'innovative 525 kV subsea cable system', 'Senior Executive Vice President', 'first 525 kV DC cable', 'o ffshore wind farms', 'four main business areas', 'first five cable connections', 'subsea cable protection tools', 'three grid connection projects', 'innovative grid connection systems', 'Nexans’ risk reward model', 'future offshore wind farms', 'three grid projects', 'net GHG emissions', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'long term partnerships', 'Tim Meyerjürgens', 'land-based converter stations', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'Transmission System Operator', 'German North Sea', 'carbon neutrality targets', 'new production capacity', 'major subcontracted works', 'Nexans’ flagship factory', 'Nexans’ long-term partnership', 'cable systems', 'innovative technologies', 'first company', 'offshore grids', 'se projects', 'HVDC projects', 'main land', 'transmission capacity', 'subsea cables', 'civil works', 'new world', 'major step', 'major player', 'English French', 'initial commitment', 'initial value', 'significant part', 'project-specific call-offs', 'full Engineering', 'key features', 'substantial increase', 'successful completion', 'DolWin 6 project', 'BorWin 6 project', 'reliable partner', 'Vincent Dessale', 'perfect answer', 'ground-breaking developments', 'recent awarding', 'a century', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor relations', 'largest agreement', 'multi-year agreement', 'energy transition', 'energy security', 'energy supply', 'land cables', 'Euronext Paris', 'frame agreement', 'The Group', 'successful development', 'crucial role', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Nexans’ commitment', 'Havas Paris', 'COO TenneT', 'Nexans group', 'history', 'Europe', '1.7bn', 'installation', 'acceleration', 'Germany', 'total', '6 GW', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'TSO', 'Netherlands', 'BalWin', 'LanWin', 'Procurement', 'Construction', 'EPCI', '2,160 km', 'testing', 'Halden', 'Norway', 'COP21', 'uncertainty', 'need', 'strong', 'suppliers', 'challenges', 'expertise', 'field', 'forefront', 'sustainability', 'electrification', 'investments', 'vessels', 'announcement', 'planet', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '6 44']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24453,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43752028/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1327 £ 23.9790 Estimated MTD return 0.22 % 0.25 % Estimated YTD return -2.29 % -1.83 % Estimated ITD return 171.33 % 139.79 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.65 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.8517 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.0445The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/05/2662267/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1327 £ 23.9790 Estimated MTD return 0.22 % 0.25 % Estimated YTD return -2.29 % -1.83 % Estimated ITD return 171.33 % 139.79 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.65 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.8517 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.0445The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,globenewswire.com
24455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRANSGENE-4789/news/Transgene-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-43752903/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Transgene : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Transgene Announces New Leadership Structure to Accelerate the Development   of its Innovative Immunotherapy Portfolio   Current Chairman  Dr Alessandro Riva  MD  to become Chairman and Chief Executive Officer…,"PRESS RELEASE Transgene Announces New Leadership Structure to Accelerate the Development of its Innovative Immunotherapy Portfolio Current Chairman  Dr Alessandro Riva  MD  to become Chairman and Chief Executive Officer - Hedi Ben Brahim to retire as CEO. Decision made by AstraZeneca to terminate the oncolytic virus R&D collaboration. Transgene remains focused on its strategic priorities. Conference call to be held today at 4:00 p.m. CEST - 10:00 a.m. EST (details below) Strasbourg  France  May 5  2023  07:30 a.m. CEST - Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapeutics against cancer  announced that the Board has appointed Dr Alessandro Riva  MD  as the Company's new Chairman and CEO to accelerate the development of its innovative immunotherapy portfolio. Alessandro Riva  who has been the Chairman of Transgene's Board of Directors since May 2022  will replace Hedi Ben Brahim  effective June 1st  2023. The Board has appointed Dr Alessandro Riva  MD  as the Company's new Chairman and CEO to accelerate the development of Transgene's innovative immunotherapy portfolio. Alessandro Riva has been the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors since May 2022. Dr. Riva has an outstanding track record in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry  leading to the approval of innovative oncology treatments in the US and in Europe. He aims to work closely with Transgene's Board of Directors and the whole organization to realize the potential of the Company's product portfolio to benefit patients with solid tumors. Dr Alessandro Riva  new CEO and Chairman of the Board  commented: ""I am excited to become the CEO of Transgene at this crucial time in the company's development. The promising early results that we have generated with our therapeutic vaccines  using both personalized and shared tumor antigens  and oncolytic viral therapies have the potential to transform the treatment and the lives of many patients suffering from solid tumors. I look forward to working with the team to unlock the full value of our innovative pipeline. I would like to thank Hedi Ben Brahim for his commitment to Transgene. I am convinced that Transgene is currently positioned in very attractive fields of immunotherapy and that we can build upon the considerable progress that the company has achieved over the last two years."" Page 1 / 4Hedi Ben Brahim said: ""Alessandro is the best person to bring Transgene to a new level based on the recent progress of our product portfolio. It has been an honor and a pleasure to work with such a great team. I will be working closely with Alessandro to ensure a smooth transition."" Dr. Riva's appointment will be effective on June 1st  2023. Hedi Ben Brahim will retire from the CEO position  which he has held since January 2021  and will stay on as a strategic advisor until the transition is complete. Further details of Dr Riva's biography are at the end of this release. Transgene's strategic priority remains to deliver on the significant potential of its innovative pipeline of therapeutic cancer vaccines and oncolytic viruses Transgene's strategy builds upon the recent promising clinical data obtained for all of its key assets and accelerating their development towards registration. Therapeutic cancer vaccine pipeline New Phase I results for TG4050  a highly innovative individualized cancer vaccine currently assessed HPV- negative head and neck cancer patients (adjuvant setting) were recently presented at AACR 2023 and in a subsequent KOL call held on 19 April 2023. Based on these very encouraging data  Transgene confirms its decision to move forward with the development of TG4050. For TG4001  Transgene's most advanced therapeutic cancer vaccine  the positive outcome of the interim analysis of the Phase II trial in HPV-positive cancers  announced in November 2022  serves as a basis to prepare a potentially registrational trial in an HPV-positive indication. Oncolytic virus platform - AstraZeneca Collaboration Update The Company has been informed by AstraZeneca of its decision to terminate its oncolytic virus research and development collaboration with Transgene that was signed in 2019. The decision was made by AstraZeneca following a strategic review of its pipeline. Following termination  Transgene will regain the global rights to the oncolytic virus drug candidate that was in- licensed by AstraZeneca in December 2021. This intravenous drug candidate has been granted a US IND. This decision has limited impact on Transgene's financial guidance. The Company confirms its financial visibility until early 2024. Dr Alessandro Riva commented: ""Through the research that we have conducted as part of our collaboration with AstraZeneca  we have been able to advance our Invir.IO® oncolytic virus platform technology resulting in the design of novel oncolytic viral drug candidates. Transgene remains confident that this unique platform has the potential to generate intravenous drug candidates that can safely deliver significant treatment improvements to cancer patients through their three-pronged mechanism of action."" Initial clinical data on Transgene's Invir.IO® oncolytic virus drug candidates were presented by Transgene  including at the recent AACR annual conference. They confirm their ability to be safely administered to patients  including via intravenous administration. In addition  Transgene's Invir.IO® oncolytic viral backbone has been shown  when given intravenously  to reach the tumors of interest  replicate selectively within cancer cells  express a functional payload in the tumor micro-environment and induce anti-tumor immune mechanisms. Page 2 / 4Transgene is continuing to develop two clinical-stage Invir.IO® based oncolytic viruses: TG6050  a novel oncolytic virus expressing IL-12 and anti-CTLA4 antibody in clinical development for the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer via intravenous administration. The Delivir Phase I trial is currently enrolling its first patients.IL-12 and anti-CTLA4 antibody in clinical development for the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer via intravenous administration. The Delivir Phase I trial is currently enrolling its first patients. BT-001  which encodes BioInvent's anti-CTLA4 antibody that is being assessed in an ongoing Phase I trial injectable tumors  including melanoma. Compensation of the Chairman and CEO - changes to the ""say-on-pay"" resolutions during today's shareholders' meeting In connection with the combination of the roles of Chairman and CEO and the appointment of Dr Riva to this position  the 2023 compensation of the Chairman and CEO is going to be revised. The Compensation Committee  which met to discuss this change of governance  proposed to the Board of Directors that the Chairman's specific compensation (€100 000) lapse and that the Chairman and CEO's compensation be set at €600 000 (from €240 000 currently  for the CEO's position only). The other elements of the CEO's 2023 compensation package will remain unchanged for the Chairman and CEO. The Board of Directors  acting on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee  approved this proposal  which reflects the expertise that Dr. Riva will bring to the Company at this key juncture  and which is in line with the international market for top biotech executives. The annual shareholders' meeting of Transgene is taking place today  at 9:00 am. The required ""say-on- pay"" ex ante resolutions are on the agenda. To effect the change in the Chairman and CEO compensation for 2023 described above  it is proposed to amend the relevant resolutions (n° 9  10 and 11). This will take place during the course of the meeting  through a shareholder' s proposal. Dr Alessandro Riva  MD - Biography Dr. Riva has nearly 30 years' experience in the Life Sciences industry. He was CEO of Intima Bioscience which specializes in cell therapies for solid cancers and was previously CEO of Ichnos Sciences. Dr Riva was also Executive Vice President (EVP)  Global Head of Oncology Therapeutics and Cell & Gene Therapy at Gilead Sciences  where he was instrumental in the acquisition of Kite Pharma and led its integration and growth. He also managed the US and EU approvals of Yescarta  the first approved CAR-T cell therapy for adult patients with diffuse large B cell lymphoma. Prior to Gilead  Dr. Riva was EVP  Global Head of Oncology Development and Medical Affairs at Novartis Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Riva currently serves on the Boards of BeiGene and Century Therapeutics. He received his bachelor's degree in medicine and surgery from the University of Milan and a certificate board in oncology and hematology from the same institution. A conference call in English is scheduled today at 4:00 p.m. CEST (10:00 a.m. EST). Webcast link to English language conference call: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/transgene/20230505_2/ Participant telephone numbers: France: +33 (0) 1 7037 7166Confirmation code: Transgene United Kingdom: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 United States: +1 786 697 3501 A replay of the call will be available on the Transgene website (www.transgene.fr) following the live event. Page 3 / 4",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.8,0.13,0.08,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Transgene', 'Information', 'Invir.IO® oncolytic virus platform technology', 'oncolytic virus R&D collaboration', 'novel oncolytic viral drug candidates', 'Innovative Immunotherapy Portfolio Current Chairman', 'oncolytic virus drug candidate', 'advanced therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'innovative individualized cancer vaccine', 'recent promising clinical data', 'New Phase I results', 'Therapeutic cancer vaccine pipeline', 'oncolytic viral therapies', 'intravenous drug candidates', 'oncolytic virus research', 'promising early results', 'innovative oncology treatments', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Hedi Ben Brahim', 'outstanding track record', 'last two years', 'HPV- negative head', 'Phase II trial', 'therapeutic cancer vaccines', 'New Leadership Structure', 'subsequent KOL call', 'neck cancer patients', 'significant treatment improvements', 'Dr Alessandro Riva', 'AstraZeneca Collaboration Update', 'oncolytic viruses', 'therapeutic vaccines', 'unique platform', 'innovative pipeline', 'Dr. Riva', 'Dr Riva', 'product portfolio', 'recent progress', 'encouraging data', 'Conference call', 'new level', 'registrational trial', 'new Chairman', 'strategic priorities', 'Euronext Paris', 'virus-based immunotherapeutics', 'biotechnology industry', 'solid tumors', 'crucial time', 'tumor antigens', 'many patients', 'full value', 'attractive fields', 'considerable progress', 'best person', 'June 1st', 'strategic advisor', 'strategic priority', 'key assets', 'adjuvant setting', 'positive outcome', 'interim analysis', 'HPV-positive cancers', 'HPV-positive indication', 'strategic review', 'global rights', 'financial guidance', 'financial visibility', 'development collaboration', 'new CEO', 'significant potential', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'great team', 'smooth transition', 'Further details', 'US IND', 'CEO position', 'biotech company', 'The Company', 'Transgene', 'MD', 'Decision', 'CEST', '10:00 a', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'TNG', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'pharmaceutical', 'approval', 'Europe', 'organization', 'personalized', 'lives', 'commitment', 'Page', 'honor', 'pleasure', 'appointment', 'January', 'biography', 'end', 'strategy', 'TG4050', 'AACR', '19 April', 'TG400', 'November', 'basis', 'termination', 'December', 'impact', 'part', 'design', '4:00', '07:30']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELYAD-ONCOLOGY-SA-22619605/news/Celyad-Oncology-reports-first-quarter-2023-financial-results-and-recent-business-highlights-43751886/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Celyad Oncology reports first quarter 2023 financial results and recent business highlights,(marketscreener.com) Presentation of updated data on our multiplex shRNA platform  which allows targeting of up to four genes simultaneouslyPublication of results from the THINK trial  which provided proof-of-concept of our NKG2D-based CAR T-cell approach MON…,Presentation of updated data on our multiplex shRNA platform  which allows targeting of up to four genes simultaneouslyPublication of results from the THINK trial  which provided proof-of-concept of our NKG2D-based CAR T-cell approachMONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 05  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies  today reports its financial results for the first quarter of 2023 and provides an update on recent business developments.“Celyad Oncology is now fully committed to leveraging its expertise  know-how and intellectual property (IP) portfolio with the goal of providing innovative solutions to overcome the current limitations of CAR T-cell approaches. We have generated exiting data from our short hairpin RNA (shRNA)-based multiplexing platform  which highlights the versatility and adaptability of the technology. We also have made significant progress with our dual CAR program  for which we anticipate sharing an update at international conferences in the upcoming months ” commented Georges Rawadi  Chief Executive Officer of the Company.Corporate highlightsGeorges Rawadi was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the CompanyOperational highlightsshRNA multiplexing platform : Data validating our shRNA multiplexing approach  which allows to down-regulate several genes simultaneously  were presented at the World Oncology Cell Therapy Congress in Boston  US (April 25-26  2023): We developed a microRNA (miRNA)-based multiplex shRNA platform designed for easy  efficient  and tunable knock-down regulation of up to four target genes simultaneously; Furthermore  we showed that the down-regulation of each target gene could be fine-tuned  from a moderate down-regulation up to achieving a functional knock-out  all without the need of gene editing and thus avoiding associated potential safety issues; The plug-and-play design of our platform is designed to allow for swapping each target sequence without affecting performance  streamlining the generation of engineered adoptive T-cell therapies; and To demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach  we have been able to simultaneous knock down in CAR T-cells several genes involved in different cellular processes such as alloreactivity (CD3ζ)  cell persistence (β2M  CIITA)  T-cell exhaustion (PD-1  LAG-3)  or ligand-induced apoptosis (CD95).: Data validating our shRNA multiplexing approach  which allows to down-regulate several genes simultaneously  were presented at the World Oncology Cell Therapy Congress in Boston  US (April 25-26  2023): NKG2D-based CAR T-cells : Results from the hematological arm of the Phase I THINK trial have been published in The Lancet Haematology journal (Lancet Haematol. 2023 Mar;10(3):e191-e202). Data from the 16 patients treated in the dose-escalation segment provided proof-of-concept of targeting NKG2D ligands by CAR T-cell therapy. Further development of NKG2D-based CAR T-cells are warranted  potentially via combinatorial approaches or further CAR optimization to improve anti-tumor efficacy; and: Results from the hematological arm of the Phase I THINK trial have been published in The Lancet Haematology journal (Lancet Haematol. 2023 Mar;10(3):e191-e202). Data from the 16 patients treated in the dose-escalation segment provided proof-of-concept of targeting NKG2D ligands by CAR T-cell therapy. Further development of NKG2D-based CAR T-cells are warranted  potentially via combinatorial approaches or further CAR optimization to improve anti-tumor efficacy; and We continue to progress on the development of NKG2D-based dual CARs and B7-H6-targeting CAR T-cells  with the aim of broadening the landscape of CAR T-cell therapies.Financial highlights – First quarter 2023 financial reviewAs of March 31  2023  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €9.2 million ($10.0 million). Net cash burn during the first quarter of 2023 amounted to €3.2 million  in line with expectations.The Company projects that its existing cash and cash equivalents should be sufficient to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the fourth quarter of 2023.After due consideration of detailed budgets and estimated cash flow forecasts for the years 2023 and 2024  the Company continues to project that its existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to fund its estimated operating and capital expenditures over at least the next 12 months from the date that this release is issued.The Company is currently evaluating different financing options to obtain the required funding to extend the Company’s cash runway beyond 12 months from the date this release is issued.Financial Calendar 2023August 3rd  2023 First Half 2023 Interim Results November 9th  2023 Third Quarter 2023 Business UpdateThe financial calendar is communicated on an indicative basis and may be subject to change.Upcoming Anticipated MilestonesThe Company will provide an update on its dual CAR platform and business development in the first half of 2023; andThe Company anticipates fundraising in the first half of 2023.Upcoming ConferencesThe Company will take part in the Immuno-Oncology Summit in London (June 20-22  2023) and the BIO International Convention in Boston (June 5-8  2023).About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking StatementThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s future business plans  statements regarding the Company’s plans to raise additional capital  and statements regarding the continuation of the Company’s existence. The words “will ” “potential ” “continue ” “target ” “project ” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Celyad Oncology Contacts:Investor Contact: Media Contact: David GeorgesVP Finance and Administrationinvestors@celyad.com Caroline LonezR&D Communications and Business Developmentcommunications@celyad.comSource: Celyad Oncology SA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.29,0.18,True,English,"['first quarter 2023 financial results', 'recent business highlights', 'Celyad Oncology', 'World Oncology Cell Therapy Congress', 'miRNA)-based multiplex shRNA platform', 'Phase I THINK trial', 'engineered adoptive T-cell therapies', 'shRNA)-based multiplexing platform', 'estimated cash flow forecasts', 'The Lancet Haematology journal', 'NKG2D-based CAR T-cell approach', 'First quarter 2023 financial review', 'CAR T-cell therapy', 'shRNA multiplexing platform', 'shRNA multiplexing approach', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'CAR T-cell therapies', 'NKG2D-based dual CARs', 'dual CAR platform', 'chimeric antigen receptor', 'short hairpin RNA', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential safety issues', 'different cellular processes', 'different financing options', 'dual CAR program', 'NKG2D-based CAR T-cells', 'B7-H6-targeting CAR T-cells', 'recent business developments', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'Upcoming Anticipated Milestones', 'CAR T-cell approaches', 'Net cash burn', 'tunable knock-down regulation', 'four target genes', 'to four genes', 'cell persistence', 'Celyad Oncology', 'T-cell exhaustion', 'Lancet Haematol.', 'CAR optimization', 'capital expenditures', 'First Half', 'several genes', 'Financial highlights', 'fourth quarter', 'Financial Calendar', 'Third Quarter', 'target sequence', 'combinatorial approaches', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'cash runway', 'The Company', 'upcoming months', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative technologies', 'intellectual property', 'IP) portfolio', 'innovative solutions', 'current limitations', 'significant progress', 'international conferences', 'Georges Rawadi', 'Corporate highlights', 'Operational highlights', 'moderate down-regulation', 'functional knock-out', 'gene editing', 'play design', 'simultaneous knock', 'ligand-induced apoptosis', 'hematological arm', 'dose-escalation segment', 'NKG2D ligands', 'anti-tumor efficacy', 'due consideration', 'detailed budgets', 'indicative basis', 'financial results', 'Business Update', 'Further development', 'next 12 months', 'operating expenses', 'updated data', 'biotechnology company', 'exiting data', 'Interim Results', 'Presentation', 'Publication', 'proof', 'concept', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'CYAD', 'expertise', 'know-how', 'goal', 'versatility', 'adaptability', 'Boston', 'April', 'need', 'associated', 'plug', 'performance', 'generation', 'effectiveness', 'alloreactivity', 'CD3ζ', 'β2M', 'CIITA', 'PD-1', 'LAG', '16 patients', 'aim', 'landscape', 'March', 'line', 'expectations', 'years', 'release', 'funding', 'change']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cboe-global-markets-reports-record-113000885.html,Cboe Global Markets Reports Record Results for First Quarter 2023,Cboe Global Markets  Inc. (Cboe: CBOE) today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2023.,"First Quarter Highlights*Diluted EPS for the Quarter of $1.63  Up 60 percentRecord Adjusted Diluted EPS¹ for the Quarter of $1.90  Up 10 percentRecord Net Revenue for the Quarter of $471.4 million  Up 13 percentReaffirmed Organic Total Net Revenue Growth Target 2 for 2023 of 7 to 9 percent and Data and Access Solutions Organic Net Revenue Growth Target 2 of 7 to 10 percentReaffirmed 2023 Adjusted Operating Expense Guidance2 of $769 to $779 million  Reflecting Continued Investment to Help Drive Long-Term Revenue and Earnings GrowthCHICAGO  May 5  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Cboe Global Markets  Inc. (Cboe: CBOE) today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2023.(PRNewsfoto/Cboe Global Markets  Inc.)""Cboe marked an important milestone last week as we celebrated our fiftieth anniversary. The years since our founding in 1973 have been marked by relentless innovation and our record first quarter results reported today demonstrate that Cboe is as well positioned as ever to deliver value for our customers and shareholders for years to come "" said Edward T. Tilly  Cboe Global Markets Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. ""The first quarter highlighted continued strength in Cboe's global Derivatives and Data and Access Solutions businesses. Recent innovations including expanded trading hours and new expirations have increased access to our suite of derivatives products  providing our diverse set of customers with tools to navigate any market environment. The strong start to the year demonstrates continued progress as we invest across our global ecosystem. I would like to thank all of the employees and partners who helped make Cboe's first 50 years so successful  and I look forward to building on our five decades of trusted expertise as we plan for the next 50 years with the same passion and entrepreneurial spirit we had in 1973.""""Cboe built on its strong performance in 2022 by reporting record net revenue and record adjusted earnings in the first quarter of 2023. I am pleased with the steady progress we made on our key initiatives while continuing to deliver on our financial objectives "" said Brian N. Schell  Cboe Global Markets Executive Vice President  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. ""Our derivatives business continued to generate robust growth  delivering a 29% year-over-year net revenue increase in the first quarter of 2023. Data and Access Solutions net revenue trends remained steady  increasing by 9% year-over-year  while cash and spot markets net revenue decreased by 12% given the strength of volumes in 1Q22 compared to 1Q23. Moving forward  we are reaffirming our organic total net revenue growth2 target of 7-9% for 2023  and we continue to anticipate Data and Access Solutions organic net revenue growth2 of 7-10%. Our expense guidance also remains unchanged as we see meaningful investment opportunities across our ecosystem to help drive long-term shareholder value. 2023 is off to an impressive start and we look forward to delivering on our objectives in the quarters ahead.""Story continues*All comparisons are first quarter 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. (1)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP (""Generally Accepted Accounting Principles"") results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables. (2)Specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the company's organic growth guidance  adjusted operating expenses guidance and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance are not available. The company believes that there is uncertainty and unpredictability with respect to certain of its GAAP measures  primarily related to acquisition-related revenues and expenses that would be required to reconcile to GAAP revenues less cost of revenues  GAAP operating expenses and GAAP effective tax rate  which preclude the company from providing accurate guidance on certain forward-looking GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. The company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the company's organic growth  adjusted operating expenses and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.Consolidated First Quarter Results -Table 1Table 1 below presents summary selected unaudited condensed consolidated financial information for the company as reported and on an adjusted basis for the three months ended March 31  2023 and 2022.Table 1 Consolidated First Quarter Results1Q231Q22($ in millions except per share)1Q231Q22 ChangeAdjusted1Adjusted1 Change Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues$ 471.4$ 418.113 %$ 471.4$ 418.113 % Total Operating Expenses$ 223.5$ 178.425 %$ 186.2$ 145.828 % Operating Income$ 247.9$ 239.73 %$ 285.2$ 272.35 % Operating Margin %52.6 %57.3 % (4.7) pp60.5 %65.1 % (4.6) pp Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.258 %$ 201.8$ 184.39 % Diluted EPS$ 1.63$ 1.0260 %$ 1.90$ 1.7310 % EBITDA1$ 303.9$ 276.210 %$ 310.3$ 281.210 % EBITDA Margin %164.5 %66.1 % (1.6) pp65.8 %67.3 % (1.5) ppTotal revenues less cost of revenues (referred to as ""net revenue"") of $471.4 million increased 13 percent  compared to $418.1 million in the prior-year period  reflecting increases in derivatives markets and data and access solutions net revenue  partially offset by a decrease in cash and spot markets net revenue. Inorganic net revenue 1 in the first quarter of 2023 was $4.4 million.Total operating expenses were $223.5 million versus $178.4 million in the first quarter of 2022  an increase of $45.1 million  while adjusted operating expenses 1 of $186.2 million increased 28 percent compared to $145.8 million in the first quarter of 2022. These increases were primarily due to the acquisitions of Cboe Digital (formerly ErisX) and Cboe Canada (formerly NEO)  as well as higher compensation and benefits  travel and promotional  and technology support services expenses.The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2023 was 30.1 percent compared with 51.3 percent (29.9 percent excluding Section 199 related matters 1 ) in the first quarter of 2022. The lower effective tax rate in 2023 is primarily due to the derecognition of the Company's Section 199 tax benefits and related interest and penalties upon the filing of an unfavorable decision by the United States Tax Court in the matter of Bats Global Markets Holdings  Inc.  and Subsidiaries v. Commissioner on March 31  2022. The effective tax rate on adjusted earnings 1 was 29.0 percent  flat when compared with 29.0 percent in last year's first quarter.Diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2023 increased 60 percent to $1.63 compared to the first quarter of 2022. Adjusted diluted EPS1 of $1.90 increased 10 percent compared to 2022's first quarter results.Business Segment Information:Table 2 Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues byBusiness Segment(in millions)1Q23 1Q22 Change Options$ 280.7$ 219.228 % North American Equities93.193.1— % Europe and Asia Pacific49.357.5(14) % Futures31.131.2— % Global FX18.517.18 % Digital(1.3)—*Total$ 471.4$ 418.113 %(1)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables. *Not meaningful  due to the establishment of the Digital segment during the second quarter of 2022 as a result of the Cboe Digital acquisition on May 2  2022.Discussion of Results by Business Segment1:Options:Options net revenue of $280.7 million was up $61.5 million  or 28 percent  from the first quarter of 2022. The growth was driven by a double-digit increase in net transaction and clearing fees 2   as well as growth in access and capacity fees and market data. Net transaction and clearing fees 2 increased primarily as a result of a 49 percent increase in index options trading volumes versus the first quarter of 2022  along with a 4 percent increase in index options revenue per contract (""RPC"") for the quarter. Access and capacity fees were 9 percent higher than first quarter 2022 and market data fees were 8 percent higher than first quarter 2022.Net transaction and clearing fees 2 increased $67.9 million  or 39 percent  reflecting a 9 percent increase in total options average daily volume (""ADV"") and a 27 percent increase in total options RPC compared to the first quarter 2022. The increase in total options RPC was due to a mix shift  with index options representing a higher percentage of total options volume. The RPC for index options increased 4 percent as higher-priced SPX options accounted for a higher percentage of index options volume.Cboe's Options exchanges had total market share of 31.8 percent for the first quarter of 2023 compared to 31.5 percent in the first quarter of 2022  reflecting increased proprietary index products traded compared to the first quarter of 2022.North American (N.A.) Equities:N.A. Equities net revenue of $93.1 million was flat versus the first quarter of 2022  reflecting a $5.6 million first quarter net revenue contribution from the 2022 acquisition of Cboe Canada  offset by lower transaction and clearing fees and market data revenue.Net transaction and clearing fees 2 decreased by $2.3 million  or 7 percent  as compared to the first quarter of 2022. The decrease was primarily due to lower U.S. Equities off-exchange revenue  a result of lower volumes and market share  as well as slightly lower net capture versus the first quarter of 2022. U.S. Equities exchange revenues were impacted by a 9 percent decrease in U.S. Equities industry volumes and lower market share  offsetting a 13 percent increase in net capture.Cboe's U.S. Equities exchanges had market share of 12.7 percent for the first quarter of 2023 compared to 14.3 percent in the first quarter of 2022 as industry continuous on-exchange market share declined. Cboe's U.S. Equities off-exchange market share was 20.3 percent versus 24.4 percent in the first quarter of 2022 as overall industry alternative trading systems (""ATS"") market share declined as a percentage of off-exchange share. Canadian Equities market share rose to 14.7 percent as compared to 3.2 percent in the first quarter of 2022 given the inclusion of Cboe Canada.Europe and Asia Pacific (APAC):Europe and APAC net revenue of $49.3 million decreased by 14 percent  reflecting slower industry volumes and continued currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis 2   net revenues were $52.8 million  down 8 percent on a year-over-year basis. European Equities average daily notional value (""ADNV"") traded on Cboe European Equities was €11.4 billion  down 11 percent compared to the first quarter of 2022  outperforming a 22 percent decline in industry market volumes. Net capture decreased 8 percent for the quarter  reflecting a mix shift with the strongest market share gains coming in lower-capture Lit markets.For the first quarter of 2023  Cboe European Equities had 24.9 percent market share  up from 21.8 percent in the first quarter of 2022  as a result of positive momentum across Lit trading and Cboe BIDS Europe  making Cboe the largest stock exchange and block trading venue in Europe in the first quarter of 2023.Futures:Futures net revenue of $31.1 million decreased $0.1 million compared to the first quarter of 2022  due to a decline in net transaction and clearing fees 2   largely offset by an increase in access and capacity fees.Net transaction and clearing fees2 decreased $1.0 million  reflecting a 9 percent decline in volumes during the quarter.Global FX:Global FX net revenue of $18.5 million increased 8 percent  primarily as a result of higher net transaction fees 2 . ADNV traded on the Cboe FX platform was $45.0 billion for the quarter  up 7 percent compared to last year's first quarter  and net capture per one million dollars traded was $2.64 for the quarter  down 1 percent compared to $2.67 in the first quarter of 2022.Cboe FX market share was 19.0 percent for the quarter compared to 17.3 percent in last year's first quarter  which sets a quarterly record for Cboe FX. The record was driven by increased client adoption of our diverse set of FX order types and trading protocols.(1)The Digital and Corporate segments are not further discussed as results were not material during the first quarter of 2023. (2)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.2023 Fiscal Year Financial GuidanceCboe provided guidance for the 2023 fiscal year as noted below.Reaffirmed organic total net revenue growth 1 is expected to be in the range of 7 to 9 percentage points in 2023  above medium-term organic total net revenue 1 guidance expectations of 5 to 7 percentage points.Reaffirmed revenue from acquisitions held less than a year 1 is expected to contribute total net revenue growth of 0.5 percentage points in 2023.Reaffirmed organic net revenue 1 from Data and Access Solutions is expected to increase by approximately 7 to 10 percentage points in 2023  in line with medium-term guidance expectations.Reaffirmed adjusted operating expenses 1 in 2023 are expected to be in the range of $769 to $779 million  from a base of $652 million in 2022. The guidance excludes the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets of $112 million; the company plans to reflect the exclusion of this amount in its non-GAAP reconciliation.Reaffirmed depreciation and amortization expense for 2023  which is included in adjusted operating expenses above  is expected to be in the range of $48 to $52 million  excluding the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets.Reaffirmed other income (expense)  net  is expected to contribute a $27 to $33 million benefit in 2023 given expected performance of minority investments.Reaffirmed the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings 1 for the full year 2023 is expected to be in the range of 28.5 to 30.5 percent. Significant changes in trading volume  expenses  tax laws or rates and other items could materially impact this expectation.Reaffirmed capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be in the range of $60 to $66 million.(1)Specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the company's organic and inorganic growth guidance  adjusted operating expenses guidance and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance are not available. Acquisitions are considered organic after 12 months of closing. The company believes that there is uncertainty and unpredictability with respect to certain of its GAAP measures  primarily related to acquisition-related revenues and expenses that would be required to reconcile to GAAP revenues less cost of revenues  GAAP operating expenses and GAAP effective tax rate  which preclude the company from providing accurate guidance on certain forward-looking GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. The company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the company's organic growth  adjusted operating expenses and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.Capital ManagementAt March 31  2023  the company had adjusted cash2 of $435.1 million. Total debt as of March 31  2023 was $1 742.6 million  an increase of $0.6 million from December 31  2022.The company paid cash dividends of $53.3 million  or $0.50 per share  during the first quarter of 2023 and utilized $70.0 million to repurchase approximately 567 thousand shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program at an average price of $123.42 per share. As of March 31  2023  the company had approximately $147.9 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations.Earnings Conference CallExecutives of Cboe Global Markets will host a conference call to review its first-quarter financial results today  May 5  2023  at 8:30 a.m. ET/7:30 a.m. CT. The conference call and any accompanying slides will be publicly available via live webcast from the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.cboe.com under Events & Presentations. Participants may also listen via telephone by dialing (877) 255–4313 from the United States  (866) 450–4696 from Canada or (412) 317–5466 for international callers. Telephone participants should place calls 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The webcast will be archived on the company's website for replay. A telephone replay of the earnings call also will be available from approximately 11:00 a.m. CT  May 5  2023  through 11:00 p.m. CT  May 12  2023  by calling (877) 344–7529 from the U.S.  (855) 669–9658 from Canada or (412) 317–0088 for international callers  using replay code 8520876.(2)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.About Cboe Global MarketsCboe Global Markets (Cboe: CBOE)  the world's leading derivatives and securities exchange network  delivers cutting-edge trading  clearing and investment solutions to people around the world. Cboe provides trading solutions and products in multiple asset classes  including equities  derivatives  FX  and digital assets  across North America  Europe  and Asia Pacific. Above all  Cboe is committed to building a trusted  inclusive global marketplace that enables people to pursue a sustainable financial future. To learn more about the Exchange for the World Stage  visit www.cboe.com.Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking InformationThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as ""may "" ""might "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""potential"" or ""continue "" and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All statements that reflect our expectations  assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions about us  may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time  and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; economic  political and market conditions; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading or clearing volumes  market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes; our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security vulnerabilities and breaches; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel  including compensation inflation; increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties; global expansion of operations; factors that impact the quality and integrity of our indices; our ability to manage our growth and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to minimize the risks  including our credit and default risks  associated with operating a European clearinghouse; our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic  including significant increases  without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source software code; our ability to meet our compliance obligations  including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit status; our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue  separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; damage to our reputation; the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill  long-lived assets  investments or intangible assets; the impacts of pandemics; the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; litigation risks and other liabilities; and operating a digital asset business and clearinghouse  including the expected benefits of our Cboe Digital acquisition  cybercrime  changes in digital asset regulation  losses due to digital asset custody  and fluctuations in digital asset prices. More detailed information about factors that may affect our actual results to differ may be found in our filings with the SEC  including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings made from time to time with the SEC.We do not undertake  and we expressly disclaim  any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof.The condensed consolidated statements of income and balance sheets are unaudited and subject to revision.Cboe Media Contacts:Analyst Contact: Angela TuTim CaveKenneth Hill  CFA (646) 856–8734+44 (0) 7593 506 719(312) 786–7559 atu@cboe.comtcave@cboe.comkhill@cboe.comCBOE-FTrademarks:Cboe®  Cboe Global Markets®  Cboe Volatility Index®  Bats®  BIDS Trading®  BZX®  BYX®  Chi-X®  Cboe Clear®  EDGX®  EDGA®  ErisX®  EuroCCP®  MATCHNow®  and VIX® are registered trademarks of Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Cboe Global Markets  Inc.Key Performance Statistics by Business Segment1Q 2023 4Q 2022 3Q 2022 2Q 2022 1Q 2022 OptionsTotal industry ADV (in thousands)46 05742 69439 94739 37742 464Total company Options ADV (in thousands)14 65714 54513 52113 05413 392Multi-listed options11 06211 18610 59210 37810 978Index options3 5953 3592 9292 6772 414Total Options market share31.8 %34.1 %33.8 %33.2 %31.5 % Multi-listed options26.1 %28.5 %28.6 %28.3 %27.4 % Total Options RPC:$ 0.267$ 0.248$ 0.242$ 0.233$ 0.210Multi-listed options$ 0.064$ 0.060$ 0.061$ 0.066$ 0.067Index options$ 0.889$ 0.876$ 0.896$ 0.883$ 0.857North American EquitiesU.S. Equities - Exchange:Total industry ADV (shares in billions)11.811.210.912.612.9Market share %12.7 %13.1 %13.3 %13.6 %14.3 % Net capture (per 100 touched shares)$ 0.019$ 0.024$ 0.023$ 0.020$ 0.017U.S. Equities - Off-Exchange:ADV (touched shares  in millions)89.480.880.192.7108.5Off-Exchange ATS Block Market Share % (reported on a two-month lag)20.3 %21.0 %21.7 %22.7 %24.4 % Net capture (per 100 touched shares)$ 0.113$ 0.113$ 0.114$ 0.108$ 0.117Canadian Equities:ADV (matched shares  in millions)150.8139.0113.273.741.1Total market share %14.7 ...%13.6 %12.2 %6.4 %3.2 % Net capture (per 10 000 shares  in Canadian Dollars)$ 4.039$ 3.901$ 4.316$ 5.668$ 9.103Europe and Asia PacificEuropean Equities:Total industry ADNV (Euros - in billions)€ 45.8€ 40.1€ 39.2€ 46.9€ 58.7Market share %24.9 %24.9 %24.6 %23.2 %21.8 % Net capture (bps)€ 0.215€ 0.224€ 0.229€ 0.238€ 0.233Cboe Clear Europe:Trades cleared (in thousands)359 418.1342 472.9343 051.6357 914.1456 459.1Fee per trade cleared€ 0.008€ 0.007€ 0.008€ 0.009€ 0.009Net settlement volume (shares in thousands)2 661.92 490.52 546.82 501.62 802.1Net fee per settlement€ 0.953€ 0.886€ 0.902€ 0.808€ 0.924Australian Equities:ADNV (AUD billions)$ 0.8$ 0.7$ 0.7$ 0.8$ 0.9Market share - Continuous18.5 %17.2 %16.7 %17.0 %15.8 % Net capture (per matched notional value (bps)  in Australian Dollars)$ 0.160$ 0.142$ 0.168$ 0.171$ 0.173Japanese Equities:ADNV (JPY billions)¥ 183.3¥ 114.1¥ 160.6¥ 136.0¥ 161.8Market share - Lit Continuous4.8 %2.9 %4.4 %3.5 %3.8 % Net capture (per matched notional value (bps))¥ 0.243¥ 0.265¥ 0.259¥ 0.258¥ 0.228FuturesADV (in thousands)231.8193.3205.0221.7253.7RPC$ 1.725$ 1.689$ 1.700$ 1.677$ 1.637Global FXSpot market share %19.0 %18.4 %17.8 %17.0 %17.3 % ADNV ($ in billions)$ 45.0$ 40.8$ 41.3$ 39.6$ 42.0Net capture (per one million dollars traded)$ 2.64$ 2.69$ 2.69$ 2.71$ 2.67ADV = average daily volume; ADNV = average daily notional value.RPC  average revenue per contract  for options and futures represents total net transaction fees recognized for the period divided by total contracts traded during the period.Touched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs internally matched on our exchanges or routed to and executed on an external market center.Matched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs executed on our exchanges.U.S. Equities - Exchange  ""net capture per 100 touched shares"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BZX  BYX  EDGX and EDGA and the number of trading days. U.S. Equities – Off-Exchange data reflects BIDS Trading. For U.S. Equities – Off-Exchange  ""net capture per 100 touched shares"" refers to transaction fees less order and execution management system (OMS/EMS) fees and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BIDS Trading and the number of trading days for the period.Canadian Equities  ""net capture per 10 000 shares"" refers to transaction fees divided by the product of one-ten thousandth ADV of shares for MATCHNow and Cboe Canada and the number of trading days. Total market share represents MATCHNow and Cboe Canada volume divided by the total volume of the Canadian Equities market.European Equities  ""net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Euros divided by the product of ADNV in Euros of shares matched on Cboe Europe Equities and the number of trading days. ""Trades cleared"" refers to the total number of non-interoperable trades cleared  ""Fee per trade cleared"" refers to clearing fees divided by number of non-interoperable trades cleared  ""Net settlement volume"" refers to the total number of settlements executed after netting  and ""Net fee per settlement"" refers to settlement fees less direct costs incurred to settle divided by the number of settlements executed after netting.Asia Pacific data reflects the acquisition of Cboe Asia Pacific (formerly Chi-X Asia Pacific). Australian Equities ""Net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Australian dollars divided by the product of ADNV in Australian dollars of shares matched on Cboe Australia and the number of Australian Equities trading days. Japanese Equities ""Net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Japanese Yen divided by the product of ADNV in Japanese Yen of shares matched on Cboe Japan and the number of Japanese Equities trading days.Global FX  ""net capture per one million dollars traded"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments  if any  divided by the Spot and SEF products of one-thousandth of ADNV traded on the Cboe FX Markets and the number of trading days  divided by two  which represents the buyer and seller that are both charged on the transaction. Market Share represents Cboe FX volume divided by the total volume of publicly reporting spot FX venues (Cboe FX  EBS  Refinitiv  and Euronext FX).Average transaction fees per contract can be affected by various factors  including exchange fee rates  volume-based discounts and transaction mix by contract type and product type.Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022Three Months Ended March 31  (in millions  except per share amounts)20232022 Revenue:Cash and spot markets$ 407.0$ 461.9 Data and access solutions129.4118.9 Derivatives markets451.8393.7 Total Revenues988.2974.5 Cost of Revenues:Liquidity payments371.8467.5 Routing and clearing24.022.3 Section 31 fees74.935.7 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues46.130.9 Total Cost of Revenues516.8556.4 Revenues Less Cost of Revenues471.4418.1 Operating Expenses:Compensation and benefits110.481.2 Depreciation and amortization41.440.9 Technology support services22.219.2 Professional fees and outside services23.919.7 Travel and promotional expenses6.22.9 Facilities costs7.66.5 Acquisition-related costs6.42.0 Other expenses5.46.0 Total Operating Expenses223.5178.4 Operating Income247.9239.7 Non-operating (Expenses) Income:Interest expense  net(15.1)(10.8) Other income (expense)  net15.4(4.0) Total Non-operating Expenses0.3(14.8) Income Before Income Tax Provision248.2224.9 Income tax provision74.8115.3 Net Income173.4109.6 Net income allocated to participating securities(0.8)(0.4) Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.2 Net Income Per Share Allocated to Common Stockholders:Basic earnings per share$ 1.63$ 1.02 Diluted earnings per share1.631.02 Weighted average shares used in computing income per share:Basic105.9106.6 Diluted106.2106.8Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) March 31  2023 and December 31  2022March 31 December 31  (in millions)20232022 AssetsCurrent Assets:Cash and cash equivalents$ 435.6$ 432.7 Financial investments80.291.7 Accounts receivable  net393.4369.8 Margin deposits and clearing funds1 452.8543.0 Digital assets - safeguarded assets42.022.9 Income taxes receivable4.548.3 Other current assets49.647.6 Total Current Assets2 458.11 556.0Investments269.7253.2 Land2.32.3 Property and equipment  net112.1108.2 Operating lease right of use assets110.1111.7 Goodwill3 128.43 122.8 Intangible assets  net1 636.51 662.8 Other assets  net186.3181.9 Total Assets$ 7 903.5$ 6 998.9Liabilities and Stockholders' EquityCurrent Liabilities:Accounts payable and accrued liabilities$ 368.2$ 420.2 Section 31 fees payable75.4147.1 Deferred revenue21.711.7 Margin deposits and clearing funds1 452.8543.0 Income taxes payable19.43.5 Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities42.022.9 Current portion of long-term debt304.8304.7 Current portion of contingent consideration liabilities19.224.1 Total Current Liabilities2 303.51 477.2Long-term debt1 437.81 437.3 Non-current unrecognized tax benefits210.5196.1 Deferred income taxes211.4222.9 Non-current operating lease liabilities126.9129.3 Non-current portion of contingent consideration liabilities15.015.0 Other non-current liabilities59.755.8 Total Liabilities4 364.83 533.6Stockholders' Equity:Preferred stock—— Common stock1.11.1 Treasury stock at cost(213.7)(131.0) Additional paid-in capital1 472.31 455.1 Retained earnings2 291.22 171.1 Accumulated other comprehensive loss  net(12.2)(31.0) Total Stockholders' Equity3 538.73 465.3Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity$ 7 903.5$ 6 998.9Non-GAAP InformationIn addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with GAAP  Cboe Global Markets has disclosed certain non-GAAP measures of operating performance. These measures are not in accordance with  or a substitute for  GAAP  and may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The non-GAAP measures provided in this press release include net transaction and clearing fees  adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  organic net revenue  inorganic net revenue  net revenues on a constant currency basis  and adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income allocated to common stockholders and adjusted diluted earnings per share  effective tax rate on adjusted earnings  net revenues on a constant currency basis  adjusted cash  EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin.Management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this press release provide additional and comparative information to assess trends in our core operations and a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Non-GAAP financial measures disclosed by management are provided as additional information to investors in order to provide them with an alternative method for assessing our financial condition and operating results.Organic net revenue  inorganic net revenue  organic non-transaction revenue and organic net revenue guidance: These are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude or have otherwise been adjusted for the impact of our acquisitions for the period or guidance  as applicable. Management believes the organic net revenue growth and guidance measures provide users with supplemental information regarding the company's ongoing and future potential revenue performances and trends by presenting revenue growth and guidance excluding the impact of the acquisitions. Revenues from acquisitions that have been owned for at least one year are considered organic and are no longer excluded from organic net revenue from either period for comparative purposes.Amortization expense of acquired intangible assets: We amortize intangible assets acquired in connection with various acquisitions. Amortization of intangible assets is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. As such  if intangible asset amortization is included in performance measures  it is more difficult to assess the day-to-day operating performance of the businesses  the relative operating performance of the businesses between periods and the earnings power of the company. Therefore  we believe performance measures excluding intangible asset amortization expense provide investors with an additional basis for comparison across accounting periods.Acquisition-related expenses: From time to time  we have pursued acquisitions  which have resulted in expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred in the normal course of the company's business operations. These expenses include integration costs  as well as legal  due diligence  impairment charges  and other third-party transaction costs. The frequency and the amount of such expenses vary significantly based on the size  timing and complexity of the transaction. Accordingly  we exclude these costs for purposes of calculating non-GAAP measures which provide an additional analysis of Cboe's ongoing operating performance or comparisons in Cboe's performance between periods.The tables below show the reconciliation of each financial measure from GAAP to non-GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of those items detailed below and are referred to as adjusted financial measures.Organic Net Revenue ReconciliationTable 3Three Months Ended(in millions)March 31 Reconciliation of Revenues Less Cost of Revenues to Organic Net Revenue20232022Revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue)$ 471.4$ 418.1Less acquisitions:Acquisition revenues less cost of revenues (inorganic net revenue)$ (4.4)$ —Organic net revenue$ 467.0$ 418.1Reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP InformationThree Months EndedTable 4March 31 (in millions  except per share amounts)20232022Reconciliation of Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders to Non-GAAP (As shown on Table 1)Net income allocated to common stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.2Non-GAAP adjustmentsAcquisition-related expenses (1)6.42.0Investment establishment costs (2)—3.0Amortization of acquired intangible assets (3)30.930.6Total Non-GAAP adjustments37.335.6Income tax expense related to the items above(9.5)(8.7)Tax reserves (4)1.548.5Net income allocated to participating securities - effect on reconciling items(0.1)(0.3)Adjusted net income allocated to common stockholders$ 201.8$ 184.3Reconciliation of Diluted EPS to Non-GAAPDiluted earnings per common share$ 1.63$ 1.02Per share impact of non-GAAP adjustments noted above0.270.71Adjusted diluted earnings per common share$ 1.90$ 1.73Reconciliation of Operating Margin to Non-GAAPRevenue less cost of revenue$ 471.4$ 418.1Non-GAAP adjustments noted above——Adjusted revenue less cost of revenue$ 471.4$ 418.1Operating expenses (5)$ 223.5$ 178.4Non-GAAP adjustments noted above37.332.6Adjusted operating expenses$ 186.2$ 145.8Operating income$ 247.9$ 239.7Non-GAAP adjustments noted above37.332.6Adjusted operating income$ 285.2$ 272.3Adjusted operating margin (6)60.5 %65.1 %Reconciliation of Income Tax Rate to Non-GAAPIncome before income taxes248.2224.9Non-GAAP adjustments noted above37.335.6Adjusted income before income taxes$ 285.5$ 260.5Income tax provision74.8115.3Non-GAAP adjustments noted above8.0(39.8)Adjusted income tax expense$ 82.8$ 75.5Adjusted income tax rate29.0 %29.0 %(1) This amount includes ongoing acquisition related costs primarily from the Company's Cboe Digital and Cboe Canada acquisitions. (2) This amount represents the investment establishment costs related to the company's investment in 7RIDGE Investments 3 LP  which acquired Trading Technologies  Inc. (3) This amount represents the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to the company's acquisitions. (4) This amount represents the tax reserves related to Section 199 matters. (5) The company sponsors deferred compensation plans held in a trust. The expenses or income related to the deferred compensation plans are included in ""Compensation and benefits"" ($3.2 million and $0.6 million in expense for the three months ended March 31  2023 and 2022  respectively)  and are directly offset by deferred compensation income  expenses and dividends included within ""Other income  net"" ($3.2 million and $0.6 million in income  expense and dividends in the three months ended March 31  2023 and 2022  respectively)  on the condensed consolidated statements of income. The deferred compensation plans' expenses are not excluded from ""adjusted operating expenses"" and do not have an impact on ""Income before income taxes."" (6) Adjusted operating margin represents adjusted operating income divided by adjusted revenue less cost of revenue.EBITDA ReconciliationsEBITDA (earnings before interest  income taxes  depreciation and amortization) and Adjusted EBITDA are widely used non-GAAP financial measures of operating performance. EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue). It is presented as supplemental information that the company believes is useful to investors to evaluate its results because it excludes certain items that are not directly related to the company's core operating performance. EBITDA is calculated by adding back to net income interest expense  income tax expense  depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back to EBITDA acquisition-related expenses and investment establishment costs. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as substitutes either for net income  as an indicator of the company's operating performance  or for cash flow  as a measure of the company's liquidity. In addition  because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be calculated identically by all companies  the presentation here may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenue.Table 5Three Months Ended(in millions  except percentages)March 31 Reconciliation of Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (Per Table 1)20232022Net income allocated to common stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.2Interest expense  net15.110.8Income tax provision74.8115.3Depreciation and amortization41.440.9EBITDA$ 303.9$ 276.2EBITDA Margin64.5 %66.1 %Non-GAAP adjustments not included in above line itemsAcquisition-related expenses6.42.0Investment establishment costs—3.0Adjusted EBITDA$ 310.3$ 281.2Adjusted EBITDA Margin65.8 %67.3 %Table 6(in millions)March 31 December 31 Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents to Adjusted Cash20232022Cash and cash equivalents$ 435.6$ 432.7Financial investments80.291.7Less deferred compensation plan assets(30.7)(27.5)Less cash collected for Section 31 Fees(50.0)(93.7)Adjusted Cash$ 435.1$ 403.2Table 7(in millions)Reconciliation of Net Transaction and Clearing Fees by Business Segment –Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022ConsolidatedOptionsN.A. EquitiesEurope and APACFuturesGlobal FXDigitalMarch 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 20232022202320222023202220232022202320222023202220232022 Transaction and clearing fees $ 732.5$ 769.6$ 395.8$ 348.3$ 255.0$ 330.8$ 42.1$ 50.1$ 24.8$ 25.8$ 15.8$ 14.6$ (1.0)$ — Liquidity payments(371.8)(467.5)(144.2)(167.6)(215.9)(288.3)(11.3)(11.6)————(0.4)— Routing and clearing(24.0)(22.3)(9.7)(6.7)(9.4)(10.5)(4.6)(4.9)——(0.3)(0.2)—— Net transaction and clearing fees $ 336.7$ 279.8$ 241.9$ 174.0$ 29.7$ 32.0$ 26.2$ 33.6$ 24.8$ 25.8$ 15.5$ 14.4$ (1.4)$ —Table 8(in millions)Reconciliation of Net Revenue by Revenue Caption –Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022Cash and Spot MarketsData and Access SolutionsDerivatives MarketsTotalThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedMarch 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 20232022202320222023202220232022 Transaction and clearing fees $ 311.9$ 395.5$ —$ —$ 420.6$ 374.1$ 732.5$ 769.6 Access and capacity fees——84.277.9——84.277.9 Market data fees17.922.944.539.68.58.270.970.7 Regulatory fees62.631.9——21.910.784.542.6 Other revenue14.611.60.71.40.80.716.113.7 Total revenues $ 407.0$ 461.9$ 129.4$ 118.9$ 451.8$ 393.7$ 988.2$ 974.5Liquidity payments $ 227.0$ 299.6$ —$ —$ 144.8$ 167.9$ 371.8$ 467.5 Routing and clearing fees14.315.6——9.76.724.022.3 Section 31 fees61.431.8——13.53.974.935.7 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues7.14.62.22.436.823.946.130.9 Total cost of revenues $ 309.8$ 351.6$ 2.2$ 2.4$ 204.8$ 202.4$ 516.8$ 556.4Revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue) $ 97.2$ 110.3$ 127.2$ 116.5$ 247.0$ 191.3$ 471.4$ 418.1Acquisition revenue less cost of revenues (inorganic net revenue)(0.9)—(3.5)———(4.4)—Organic net revenue $ 96.3$ 110.3$ 123.7$ 116.5$ 247.0$ 191.3$ 467.0$ 418.1Table 9Reconciliation of GAAP Effective Tax Rate to Effective Tax Rate Excluding Section 199 Matters - Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022Three Months Ended March 31 20232022GAAP effective tax rate30.1 %51.3 %Tax effect of Section 199 related matters— %(21.4) %Effective tax rate excluding Section 199 matters30.1 %29.9 %Table 10Reconciliation of GAAP Net Revenues to Net Revenues in Constant Currency - Three Months Ended March 31  2023Three Months Ended March 31 2023 Europe and Asia Pacific net revenues $ 49.3 Constant currency adjustment3.5 Europe and Asia Pacific net revenues in constant currency1 $ 52.8(1) Net revenues in constant currency is calculated by converting the current period GAAP net revenues in local currency using the foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect during the previous comparable period.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cboe-global-markets-reports-record-results-for-first-quarter-2023-301816793.htmlSOURCE Cboe Global Markets  Inc.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.16,0.24,True,English,"['Cboe Global Markets', 'Record Results', 'First Quarter', 'organic total net revenue growth2 target', 'Cboe Global Markets Executive Vice President', 'Organic Total Net Revenue Growth Target', 'Organic Net Revenue Growth Target', 'unaudited condensed consolidated financial information', 'organic net revenue growth2', 'spot markets net revenue', 'Cboe Global Markets Chairman', 'Adjusted Operating Expense Guidance2', 'Consolidated First Quarter Results', 'GAAP effective tax rate', 'record first quarter results', 'Record Net Revenue', 'net revenue increase', 'net revenue trends', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'organic growth guidance', '13 % Total Operating Expenses', 'Accounting Principles"") results', 'Edward T. Tilly', 'Brian N. Schell', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Change Total Revenues', 'record adjusted earnings', 'meaningful investment opportunities', 'accompanying financial tables', 'adjusted earnings guidance', 'First Quarter Highlights', 'operating expenses guidance', 'long-term shareholder value', 'GAAP operating expenses', 'Access Solutions businesses', 'Long-Term Revenue', 'financial results', 'Net Income', 'Earnings Growth', 'Non-GAAP Information', 'GAAP results', 'global Derivatives', 'robust growth', 'global ecosystem', '28 % Operating Income', 'accurate guidance', 'Continued Investment', 'financial objectives', 'attached tables', 'GAAP measures', 'looking GAAP', 'GAAP reconciliations', 'first 50 years', 'GAAP revenues', 'Diluted EPS', 'important milestone', 'fiftieth anniversary', 'relentless innovation', 'Recent innovations', 'trading hours', 'new expirations', 'derivatives products', 'diverse set', 'market environment', 'strong start', 'continued progress', 'five decades', 'same passion', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'strong performance', 'steady progress', 'key initiatives', 'derivatives business', 'impressive start', 'same period', 'full reconciliation', 'Specific quantifications', 'less cost', 'three months', '1Q22 Change', 'acquisition-related revenues', '7 to 9 percent', '7 to 10 percent', 'continued strength', 'next 50 years', 'Data', 'CHICAGO', 'May', 'PRNewswire', 'PRNewsfoto', 'founding', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'suite', 'tools', 'employees', 'partners', 'trusted', 'expertise', 'Treasurer', 'cash', 'volumes', '1Q23', 'quarters', 'Story', 'comparisons', 'amounts', 'uncertainty', 'unpredictability', 'respect', 'estimates', 'range', 'degree', 'precision', 'investors', 'reasons', 'summary', 'basis', 'Table 1', 'millions', 'Common']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,finance.yahoo.com
24458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IBERSOL-SGPS-S-A-5824/news/Ibersol-SGPS-S-A-informa-Relat-rio-Governo-Societ-rio-2022-versao-inglesa-43764305/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Ibersol SGPS S A : informa Relatório Governo Societário 2022 - versão inglesa,(marketscreener.com) having acquired 40.442 own shares during the year of 2022.   4. Significant agreements to which the company is a party to and which become effective  are amended or terminate upon a change of control of the company following a takeover…,CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT IBERSOL - SGPS  SA Publicly Listed Company Head Office: Edifício Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  n.º 105 a 159 - 9º andar  4150 - 146 Porto Share Capital: 46.000.000 euros Registered at the Porto Commercial Registry Office under the single registration and tax identification number 501669477 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022 1CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022 IBERSOL  SGPS SA. Listed Company with share capital of 46 000 000 euros  with registered office at Praça do Bom Sucesso  nºs 105/159  9º andar  4150-146 Oporto  registered in the Companies Register of Oporto under registration and fiscal identification number 501669477. PART I - SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE  ORGANIZATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A. SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE 1.Share Capital structure. The share capital of Ibersol SGPS SA. amounts to 46 000 000 Euros  fully subscribed and paid  represented by 46 000 000 ordinary registered shares with a par value of 1 euro per share  all carrying the same rights and obligations. All the shares representing the share capital are admitted to trading on the regulated market Euronext Lisbon. 2. Share transmission and ownership restrictions. There are no restrictions under Company's By-laws  in particular under 4th and 5th articles thereof  on the transferability of the shares  nor any clause requiring consent to the transfer of the shares  nor any type of limitation on ownership of the shares  not existing any identification of shareholders who are holders of special rights  nor are there any control mechanisms provided for in an eventual system of employee participation in the capital  insofar as the voting rights are not exercised directly by them. 3. Own shares. At 31st December 2022 Ibersol SGPS SA. held 3.640.423 of its own shares  corresponding to near 7 914% of the share capital  with a nominal value of one euro per share  at an overall acquisition cost of 11.410.226 58 euros (which would correspond to a percentage of about 7 914% of voting rigths) - having acquired 40.442 own shares during the year of 2022. 4. Significant agreements to which the company is a party to and which become effective  are amended or terminate upon a change of control of the company following a takeover bid  and the effects thereof . Notwithstanding the below mentioned  the company is not a party to any significant agreements that come into force  are amended or terminate in the event of a change of control of the company following a takeover bid  or that determine payments or the assumption of costs by the company in the event of a change of control 2CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT or change in the composition of the board of directors and which may affect the economic interest in the transfer of shares and the free assessment by shareholders of the performance of directors. Nevertheless  the franchise contracts of several international brands operated by Ibersol SGPS  S.A.'s subsidiaries provide for requirements and conditions to be met prior to the transfer of equity interests  issue of equity instruments and/or change of control in those subsidiaries  as well as to the transfer of the business or certain assets of those subsidiaries  which include  among others: the prior consent of the franchisors  information obligations and several transfer procedures  possible payment of charges or fees  as well as the right of first refusal in favour of the franchisors. The franchise contracts in respect of certain international brands provide for the possibility of termination in the event of a change of control of Ibersol SGPS  S.A. without the franchisor's prior consent. There are some financing arrangements to Ibersol SGPS  S.A. and its subsidiaries providing creditors the right accelerate / deem due the debt if there is a change of shareholder control. On 31 December 2022  there were no financings under these conditions. There are no agreements between the company and the members of the management body or workers that provide for compensation in the event of a resignation of the worker  dismissal without just cause or termination of the employment relationship following a takeover bid. 5. Regime to which the renewal or revocation of defensive measures is subject  in particular those that provide for the limitation of the number of votes that can be held or exercised by a single shareholder  individually or in concert with other shareholders. No defensive measures were adopted within the Company  nor any regime on their renewal or revocation  and according to the statutory terms  each share corresponds to one vote  with no eventual restrictions on voting rights or dependence on limitations of ownership of a number or percentage of shares  there are also no deadlines imposed for the exercise of voting rights that exceed or change the legally established and there are no systems in this context for highlighting rights of patrimonial content. 6. Shareholders agreements. The Company is not aware of the existing of any shareholders' agreement that could lead to restrictions on the transfer of securities or voting rights  or leading to a concerted exercise of voting rights. II.Qualifying shareholdings and Bonds helds 7. Qualifying Shareholdings. At 31 December 2022 according to the notifications received by the Company and in accordance with articles 16th and 20th of the Securities Code  the shareholders that have a qualifying shareholding of at least 5% of the share capital of Ibersol SGPS SA. are as follows: 3CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Shareholders nº shares % share capital ATPS - SGPS  S.A. (*) Directly 26 004 023 56 53% António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira 3 314 0 01% António Carlos Vaz Pinto Sousa 3 495 0 01% Total attributable 26 010 832 56 55% Magallanes Value Investors SGIIC Total attributable 2 309 200 5 02% Bestinver Gestion SGIIC Total attributable 3 316 600 7 21% FMR LLC Fidelity Managemment & Research Company LLC 1 529 492 3 32% Cobas Asset Management SGIIC Total attributable 1 894 371 4 12% The voting rights attributable to the ATPS- SGPS  SA are also attributable to António Pinto de Sousa and Alberto Teixeira under subparagraph b) and c) of paragraph 1 of Article 20 and paragraph 1 of Article 21  both of the Securities Code  by virtue of these latter hold the domain of that company  in which they participate indirectly through respectively CALUM - SERVIÇOS E GESTÃO  SA. with the NIPC 513799486 and DUNBAR - SERVIÇOS E GESTÃO  SA with the NIPC 513799257 (in which they hold the majority of the share capital)  which together  each with a holding of 25.02%  hold the majority of the share capital of ATPS-SGPS SA. 8. Number of shares and bonds held by the Governing Bodies members - Board of Directors and Supervisory Board Number of Shares directly or indirectly held in Ibersol  SGPS SA: Board of Directors: Chairman- Dr. António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira 3 314 shares of the capital of Ibersol SGPS  SA. 5.100 shares representing 51 0% of the capital of Dunbar - Serviços e Gestão  SA. Dunbar - Serviços e Gestão  SA. holds 2 840 shares representing 25 02% of the capital of ATPS  SGPS  SA. 4,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.14,0.83,True,English,"['Relatório Governo Societário', 'Ibersol SGPS S A', 'versão', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT', 'Praça do Bom Sucesso', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A. SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE', 'Edifício Península', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT IBERSOL', 'Porto Commercial Registry Office', 'overall acquisition cost', 'several international brands', '146 Porto Share Capital', '46,000,000 ordinary registered shares', 'Share Capital structure', 'tax identification number', 'fiscal identification number', 'several transfer procedures', 'Company Head Office', 'Ibersol SGPS SA', 'S.A.', 'Companies Register', 'PART I', 'par value', 'Euronext Lisbon', '5th articles', 'eventual system', 'employee participation', 'nominal value', 'voting rigths', 'takeover bid', 'economic interest', 'free assessment', 'franchise contracts', 'equity interests', 'equity instruments', 'possible payment', 'first refusal', 'financing arrangements', 'management body', 'employment relationship', 'defensive measures', 'single shareholder', 'statutory terms', 'one vote', 'patrimonial content', 'Share transmission', 'same rights', 'special rights', 'voting rights', 'Significant agreements', 'prior consent', 'other shareholders', ""shareholders' agreement"", 'single registration', '31st December', 'one euro', 'information obligations', 'eventual restrictions', 'Own shares', 'Shareholders agreements', 'control mechanisms', 'shareholder control', 'The Company', 'ownership restrictions', '1 euro', '31 December', '9º andar', '46,000,000 euros', 'Oporto', 'ORGANIZATION', 'market', 'By-laws', '4th', 'transferability', 'clause', 'type', 'limitation', '410.226,58 euros', 'percentage', 'year', 'party', 'change', 'effects', 'force', 'payments', 'assumption', 'costs', 'composition', 'board', 'directors', 'performance', 'subsidiaries', 'requirements', 'conditions', 'issue', 'business', 'assets', 'others', 'franchisors', 'charges', 'fees', 'favour', 'respect', 'possibility', 'termination', 'creditors', 'debt', 'financings', 'members', 'workers', 'compensation', 'resignation', 'cause', 'Regime', 'renewal', 'revocation', 'votes', 'concert', 'dependence', 'deadlines', 'exercise', 'systems', 'context', 'securities', '4.', '5.']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IBERSOL-SGPS-S-A-5824/news/Ibersol-SGPS-S-A-CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE-REPORT-2022-43755576/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230505,Ibersol SGPS S A : CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022,(marketscreener.com) having acquired 40.442 own shares during the year of 2022.   4. Significant agreements to which the company is a party to and which become effective  are amended or terminate upon a change of control of the company following a takeover…,CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT IBERSOL - SGPS  SA Publicly Listed Company Head Office: Edifício Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  n.º 105 a 159 - 9º andar  4150 - 146 Porto Share Capital: 46.000.000 euros Registered at the Porto Commercial Registry Office under the single registration and tax identification number 501669477 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022 1CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022 IBERSOL  SGPS SA. Listed Company with share capital of 46 000 000 euros  with registered office at Praça do Bom Sucesso  nºs 105/159  9º andar  4150-146 Oporto  registered in the Companies Register of Oporto under registration and fiscal identification number 501669477. PART I - SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE  ORGANIZATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A. SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE 1.Share Capital structure. The share capital of Ibersol SGPS SA. amounts to 46 000 000 Euros  fully subscribed and paid  represented by 46 000 000 ordinary registered shares with a par value of 1 euro per share  all carrying the same rights and obligations. All the shares representing the share capital are admitted to trading on the regulated market Euronext Lisbon. 2. Share transmission and ownership restrictions. There are no restrictions under Company's By-laws  in particular under 4th and 5th articles thereof  on the transferability of the shares  nor any clause requiring consent to the transfer of the shares  nor any type of limitation on ownership of the shares  not existing any identification of shareholders who are holders of special rights  nor are there any control mechanisms provided for in an eventual system of employee participation in the capital  insofar as the voting rights are not exercised directly by them. 3. Own shares. At 31st December 2022 Ibersol SGPS SA. held 3.640.423 of its own shares  corresponding to near 7 914% of the share capital  with a nominal value of one euro per share  at an overall acquisition cost of 11.410.226 58 euros (which would correspond to a percentage of about 7 914% of voting rigths) - having acquired 40.442 own shares during the year of 2022. 4. Significant agreements to which the company is a party to and which become effective  are amended or terminate upon a change of control of the company following a takeover bid  and the effects thereof . Notwithstanding the below mentioned  the company is not a party to any significant agreements that come into force  are amended or terminate in the event of a change of control of the company following a takeover bid  or that determine payments or the assumption of costs by the company in the event of a change of control 2CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT or change in the composition of the board of directors and which may affect the economic interest in the transfer of shares and the free assessment by shareholders of the performance of directors. Nevertheless  the franchise contracts of several international brands operated by Ibersol SGPS  S.A.'s subsidiaries provide for requirements and conditions to be met prior to the transfer of equity interests  issue of equity instruments and/or change of control in those subsidiaries  as well as to the transfer of the business or certain assets of those subsidiaries  which include  among others: the prior consent of the franchisors  information obligations and several transfer procedures  possible payment of charges or fees  as well as the right of first refusal in favour of the franchisors. The franchise contracts in respect of certain international brands provide for the possibility of termination in the event of a change of control of Ibersol SGPS  S.A. without the franchisor's prior consent. There are some financing arrangements to Ibersol SGPS  S.A. and its subsidiaries providing creditors the right accelerate / deem due the debt if there is a change of shareholder control. On 31 December 2022  there were no financings under these conditions. There are no agreements between the company and the members of the management body or workers that provide for compensation in the event of a resignation of the worker  dismissal without just cause or termination of the employment relationship following a takeover bid. 5. Regime to which the renewal or revocation of defensive measures is subject  in particular those that provide for the limitation of the number of votes that can be held or exercised by a single shareholder  individually or in concert with other shareholders. No defensive measures were adopted within the Company  nor any regime on their renewal or revocation  and according to the statutory terms  each share corresponds to one vote  with no eventual restrictions on voting rights or dependence on limitations of ownership of a number or percentage of shares  there are also no deadlines imposed for the exercise of voting rights that exceed or change the legally established and there are no systems in this context for highlighting rights of patrimonial content. 6. Shareholders agreements. The Company is not aware of the existing of any shareholders' agreement that could lead to restrictions on the transfer of securities or voting rights  or leading to a concerted exercise of voting rights. II.Qualifying shareholdings and Bonds helds 7. Qualifying Shareholdings. At 31 December 2022 according to the notifications received by the Company and in accordance with articles 16th and 20th of the Securities Code  the shareholders that have a qualifying shareholding of at least 5% of the share capital of Ibersol SGPS SA. are as follows: 3CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Shareholders nº shares % share capital ATPS - SGPS  S.A. (*) Directly 26 004 023 56 53% António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira 3 314 0 01% António Carlos Vaz Pinto Sousa 3 495 0 01% Total attributable 26 010 832 56 55% Magallanes Value Investors SGIIC Total attributable 2 309 200 5 02% Bestinver Gestion SGIIC Total attributable 3 316 600 7 21% FMR LLC Fidelity Managemment & Research Company LLC 1 529 492 3 32% Cobas Asset Management SGIIC Total attributable 1 894 371 4 12% The voting rights attributable to the ATPS- SGPS  SA are also attributable to António Pinto de Sousa and Alberto Teixeira under subparagraph b) and c) of paragraph 1 of Article 20 and paragraph 1 of Article 21  both of the Securities Code  by virtue of these latter hold the domain of that company  in which they participate indirectly through respectively CALUM - SERVIÇOS E GESTÃO  SA. with the NIPC 513799486 and DUNBAR - SERVIÇOS E GESTÃO  SA with the NIPC 513799257 (in which they hold the majority of the share capital)  which together  each with a holding of 25.02%  hold the majority of the share capital of ATPS-SGPS SA. 8. Number of shares and bonds held by the Governing Bodies members - Board of Directors and Supervisory Board Number of Shares directly or indirectly held in Ibersol  SGPS SA: Board of Directors: Chairman- Dr. António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira 3 314 shares of the capital of Ibersol SGPS  SA. 5.100 shares representing 51 0% of the capital of Dunbar - Serviços e Gestão  SA. Dunbar - Serviços e Gestão  SA. holds 2 840 shares representing 25 02% of the capital of ATPS  SGPS  SA. 4,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.14,0.83,True,English,"['Ibersol SGPS S A', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT', 'Praça do Bom Sucesso', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A. SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE', 'Edifício Península', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT IBERSOL', 'Porto Commercial Registry Office', 'overall acquisition cost', 'several international brands', '146 Porto Share Capital', '46,000,000 ordinary registered shares', 'Share Capital structure', 'tax identification number', 'fiscal identification number', 'several transfer procedures', 'Company Head Office', 'Ibersol SGPS SA', 'S.A.', 'Companies Register', 'PART I', 'par value', 'Euronext Lisbon', '5th articles', 'eventual system', 'employee participation', 'nominal value', 'voting rigths', 'takeover bid', 'economic interest', 'free assessment', 'franchise contracts', 'equity interests', 'equity instruments', 'possible payment', 'first refusal', 'financing arrangements', 'management body', 'employment relationship', 'defensive measures', 'single shareholder', 'statutory terms', 'one vote', 'patrimonial content', 'Share transmission', 'same rights', 'special rights', 'voting rights', 'Significant agreements', 'prior consent', 'other shareholders', ""shareholders' agreement"", 'single registration', '31st December', 'one euro', 'information obligations', 'eventual restrictions', 'Own shares', 'Shareholders agreements', 'control mechanisms', 'shareholder control', 'The Company', 'ownership restrictions', '1 euro', '31 December', '9º andar', '46,000,000 euros', 'Oporto', 'ORGANIZATION', 'market', 'By-laws', '4th', 'transferability', 'clause', 'type', 'limitation', '410.226,58 euros', 'percentage', 'year', 'party', 'change', 'effects', 'force', 'payments', 'assumption', 'costs', 'composition', 'board', 'directors', 'performance', 'subsidiaries', 'requirements', 'conditions', 'issue', 'business', 'assets', 'others', 'franchisors', 'charges', 'fees', 'favour', 'respect', 'possibility', 'termination', 'creditors', 'debt', 'financings', 'members', 'workers', 'compensation', 'resignation', 'cause', 'Regime', 'renewal', 'revocation', 'votes', 'concert', 'dependence', 'deadlines', 'exercise', 'systems', 'context', 'securities', '4.', '5.']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,marketscreener.com
24460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cboe-global-markets-reports-record-results-for-first-quarter-2023-301816793.html,Cboe Global Markets Reports Record Results for First Quarter 2023,First Quarter Highlights* Diluted EPS for the Quarter of $1.63  Up 60 percent Record Adjusted Diluted EPS¹ for the Quarter of $1.90  Up 10 percent Record Net Revenue for the Quarter of $471.4 million  Up 13 percent Reaffirmed Organic Total Net Revenue Growth …,"First Quarter Highlights*Diluted EPS for the Quarter of $1.63   Up 60 percentRecord Adjusted Diluted EPS¹ for the Quarter of $1.90   Up 10 percentRecord Net Revenue for the Quarter of $471.4 million   Up 13 percentReaffirmed Organic Total Net Revenue Growth Target 2 for 2023 of 7 to 9 percent and Data and Access Solutions Organic Net Revenue Growth Target 2 of 7 to 10 percentReaffirmed 2023 Adjusted Operating Expense Guidance2 of $769 to $779 million   Reflecting Continued Investment to Help Drive Long-Term Revenue and Earnings GrowthCHICAGO  May 5  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Cboe Global Markets  Inc. (Cboe: CBOE) today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2023.""Cboe marked an important milestone last week as we celebrated our fiftieth anniversary. The years since our founding in 1973 have been marked by relentless innovation and our record first quarter results reported today demonstrate that Cboe is as well positioned as ever to deliver value for our customers and shareholders for years to come "" said Edward T. Tilly  Cboe Global Markets Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. ""The first quarter highlighted continued strength in Cboe's global Derivatives and Data and Access Solutions businesses. Recent innovations including expanded trading hours and new expirations have increased access to our suite of derivatives products  providing our diverse set of customers with tools to navigate any market environment. The strong start to the year demonstrates continued progress as we invest across our global ecosystem. I would like to thank all of the employees and partners who helped make Cboe's first 50 years so successful  and I look forward to building on our five decades of trusted expertise as we plan for the next 50 years with the same passion and entrepreneurial spirit we had in 1973.""""Cboe built on its strong performance in 2022 by reporting record net revenue and record adjusted earnings in the first quarter of 2023. I am pleased with the steady progress we made on our key initiatives while continuing to deliver on our financial objectives "" said Brian N. Schell  Cboe Global Markets Executive Vice President  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. ""Our derivatives business continued to generate robust growth  delivering a 29% year-over-year net revenue increase in the first quarter of 2023. Data and Access Solutions net revenue trends remained steady  increasing by 9% year-over-year  while cash and spot markets net revenue decreased by 12% given the strength of volumes in 1Q22 compared to 1Q23. Moving forward  we are reaffirming our organic total net revenue growth2 target of 7-9% for 2023  and we continue to anticipate Data and Access Solutions organic net revenue growth2 of 7-10%. Our expense guidance also remains unchanged as we see meaningful investment opportunities across our ecosystem to help drive long-term shareholder value. 2023 is off to an impressive start and we look forward to delivering on our objectives in the quarters ahead.""*All comparisons are first quarter 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. (1)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP (""Generally Accepted Accounting Principles"") results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables. (2)Specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the company's organic growth guidance  adjusted operating expenses guidance and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance are not available. The company believes that there is uncertainty and unpredictability with respect to certain of its GAAP measures  primarily related to acquisition-related revenues and expenses that would be required to reconcile to GAAP revenues less cost of revenues  GAAP operating expenses and GAAP effective tax rate  which preclude the company from providing accurate guidance on certain forward-looking GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. The company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the company's organic growth  adjusted operating expenses and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.Consolidated First Quarter Results -Table 1Table 1 below presents summary selected unaudited condensed consolidated financial information for the company as reported and on an adjusted basis for the three months ended March 31  2023 and 2022.Table 1 Consolidated First Quarter Results1Q231Q22($ in millions except per share)1Q231Q22 ChangeAdjusted1Adjusted1 Change Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues$ 471.4$ 418.113 %$ 471.4$ 418.113 % Total Operating Expenses$ 223.5$ 178.425 %$ 186.2$ 145.828 % Operating Income$ 247.9$ 239.73 %$ 285.2$ 272.35 % Operating Margin %52.6 %57.3 % (4.7) pp60.5 %65.1 % (4.6) pp Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.258 %$ 201.8$ 184.39 % Diluted EPS$ 1.63$ 1.0260 %$ 1.90$ 1.7310 % EBITDA1$ 303.9$ 276.210 %$ 310.3$ 281.210 % EBITDA Margin %164.5 %66.1 % (1.6) pp65.8 %67.3 % (1.5) ppTotal revenues less cost of revenues (referred to as ""net revenue"") of $471.4 million increased 13 percent  compared to $418.1 million in the prior-year period  reflecting increases in derivatives markets and data and access solutions net revenue  partially offset by a decrease in cash and spot markets net revenue. Inorganic net revenue 1 in the first quarter of 2023 was $4.4 million .increased 13 percent  compared to in the prior-year period  reflecting increases in derivatives markets and data and access solutions net revenue  partially offset by a decrease in cash and spot markets net revenue. Inorganic net revenue in the first quarter of 2023 was . Total operating expenses were $223.5 million versus $178.4 million in the first quarter of 2022  an increase of $45.1 million   while adjusted operating expenses 1 of $186.2 million increased 28 percent compared to $145.8 million in the first quarter of 2022. These increases were primarily due to the acquisitions of Cboe Digital (formerly ErisX) and Cboe Canada (formerly NEO)  as well as higher compensation and benefits  travel and promotional  and technology support services expenses.versus in the first quarter of 2022  an increase of   while adjusted operating expenses of increased 28 percent compared to in the first quarter of 2022. These increases were primarily due to the acquisitions of Cboe Digital (formerly ErisX) and Cboe Canada (formerly NEO)  as well as higher compensation and benefits  travel and promotional  and technology support services expenses. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2023 was 30.1 percent compared with 51.3 percent (29.9 percent excluding Section 199 related matters 1 ) in the first quarter of 2022. The lower effective tax rate in 2023 is primarily due to the derecognition of the Company's Section 199 tax benefits and related interest and penalties upon the filing of an unfavorable decision by the United States Tax Court in the matter of Bats Global Markets Holdings  Inc.  and Subsidiaries v. Commissioner on March 31  2022 . The effective tax rate on adjusted earnings 1 was 29.0 percent  flat when compared with 29.0 percent in last year's first quarter.) in the first quarter of 2022. The lower effective tax rate in 2023 is primarily due to the derecognition of the Company's Section 199 tax benefits and related interest and penalties upon the filing of an unfavorable decision by the United States Tax Court in the matter of on . The effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 29.0 percent  flat when compared with 29.0 percent in last year's first quarter. Diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2023 increased 60 percent to $1.63 compared to the first quarter of 2022. Adjusted diluted EPS1 of $1.90 increased 10 percent compared to 2022's first quarter results.Business Segment Information:Table 2 Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues byBusiness Segment(in millions)1Q23 1Q22 Change Options$ 280.7$ 219.228 % North American Equities93.193.1— % Europe and Asia Pacific49.357.5(14) % Futures31.131.2— % Global FX18.517.18 % Digital(1.3)—*Total$ 471.4$ 418.113 %(1)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables. *Not meaningful  due to the establishment of the Digital segment during the second quarter of 2022 as a result of the Cboe Digital acquisition on May 2  2022.Discussion of Results by Business Segment1:Options:Options net revenue of $280.7 million was up $61.5 million   or 28 percent  from the first quarter of 2022. The growth was driven by a double-digit increase in net transaction and clearing fees 2   as well as growth in access and capacity fees and market data. Net transaction and clearing fees 2 increased primarily as a result of a 49 percent increase in index options trading volumes versus the first quarter of 2022  along with a 4 percent increase in index options revenue per contract (""RPC"") for the quarter. Access and capacity fees were 9 percent higher than first quarter 2022 and market data fees were 8 percent higher than first quarter 2022.was up   or 28 percent  from the first quarter of 2022. The growth was driven by a double-digit increase in net transaction and clearing fees   as well as growth in access and capacity fees and market data. Net transaction and clearing fees increased primarily as a result of a 49 percent increase in index options trading volumes versus the first quarter of 2022  along with a 4 percent increase in index options revenue per contract (""RPC"") for the quarter. Access and capacity fees were 9 percent higher than first quarter 2022 and market data fees were 8 percent higher than first quarter 2022. Net transaction and clearing fees 2 increased $67.9 million   or 39 percent  reflecting a 9 percent increase in total options average daily volume (""ADV"") and a 27 percent increase in total options RPC compared to the first quarter 2022. The increase in total options RPC was due to a mix shift  with index options representing a higher percentage of total options volume. The RPC for index options increased 4 percent as higher-priced SPX options accounted for a higher percentage of index options volume.increased   or 39 percent  reflecting a 9 percent increase in total options average daily volume (""ADV"") and a 27 percent increase in total options RPC compared to the first quarter 2022. The increase in total options RPC was due to a mix shift  with index options representing a higher percentage of total options volume. The RPC for index options increased 4 percent as higher-priced SPX options accounted for a higher percentage of index options volume. Cboe's Options exchanges had total market share of 31.8 percent for the first quarter of 2023 compared to 31.5 percent in the first quarter of 2022  reflecting increased proprietary index products traded compared to the first quarter of 2022.North American (N.A.) Equities:N.A. Equities net revenue of $93.1 million was flat versus the first quarter of 2022  reflecting a $5.6 million first quarter net revenue contribution from the 2022 acquisition of Cboe Canada  offset by lower transaction and clearing fees and market data revenue.was flat versus the first quarter of 2022  reflecting a first quarter net revenue contribution from the 2022 acquisition of Cboe Canada  offset by lower transaction and clearing fees and market data revenue. Net transaction and clearing fees 2 decreased by $2.3 million   or 7 percent  as compared to the first quarter of 2022. The decrease was primarily due to lower U.S. Equities off-exchange revenue  a result of lower volumes and market share  as well as slightly lower net capture versus the first quarter of 2022. U.S. Equities exchange revenues were impacted by a 9 percent decrease in U.S. Equities industry volumes and lower market share  offsetting a 13 percent increase in net capture.decreased by   or 7 percent  as compared to the first quarter of 2022. The decrease was primarily due to lower U.S. Equities off-exchange revenue  a result of lower volumes and market share  as well as slightly lower net capture versus the first quarter of 2022. U.S. Equities exchange revenues were impacted by a 9 percent decrease in U.S. Equities industry volumes and lower market share  offsetting a 13 percent increase in net capture. Cboe's U.S. Equities exchanges had market share of 12.7 percent for the first quarter of 2023 compared to 14.3 percent in the first quarter of 2022 as industry continuous on-exchange market share declined. Cboe's U.S. Equities off-exchange market share was 20.3 percent versus 24.4 percent in the first quarter of 2022 as overall industry alternative trading systems (""ATS"") market share declined as a percentage of off-exchange share. Canadian Equities market share rose to 14.7 percent as compared to 3.2 percent in the first quarter of 2022 given the inclusion of Cboe Canada.Europe and Asia Pacific (APAC):Europe and APAC net revenue of $49.3 million decreased by 14 percent  reflecting slower industry volumes and continued currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis 2   net revenues were $52.8 million   down 8 percent on a year-over-year basis. European Equities average daily notional value (""ADNV"") traded on Cboe European Equities was €11.4 billion  down 11 percent compared to the first quarter of 2022  outperforming a 22 percent decline in industry market volumes. Net capture decreased 8 percent for the quarter  reflecting a mix shift with the strongest market share gains coming in lower-capture Lit markets.and APAC net revenue of decreased by 14 percent  reflecting slower industry volumes and continued currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis   net revenues were   down 8 percent on a year-over-year basis. European Equities average daily notional value (""ADNV"") traded on Cboe European Equities was €11.4 billion  down 11 percent compared to the first quarter of 2022  outperforming a 22 percent decline in industry market volumes. Net capture decreased 8 percent for the quarter  reflecting a mix shift with the strongest market share gains coming in lower-capture Lit markets. For the first quarter of 2023  Cboe European Equities had 24.9 percent market share  up from 21.8 percent in the first quarter of 2022  as a result of positive momentum across Lit trading and Cboe BIDS Europe  making Cboe the largest stock exchange and block trading venue in Europe in the first quarter of 2023.Futures:Futures net revenue of $31.1 million decreased $0.1 million compared to the first quarter of 2022  due to a decline in net transaction and clearing fees 2   largely offset by an increase in access and capacity fees.decreased compared to the first quarter of 2022  due to a decline in net transaction and clearing fees   largely offset by an increase in access and capacity fees. Net transaction and clearing fees2 decreased $1.0 million   reflecting a 9 percent decline in volumes during the quarter.Global FX:Global FX net revenue of $18.5 million increased 8 percent  primarily as a result of higher net transaction fees 2 . ADNV traded on the Cboe FX platform was $45.0 billion for the quarter  up 7 percent compared to last year's first quarter  and net capture per one million dollars traded was $2.64 for the quarter  down 1 percent compared to $2.67 in the first quarter of 2022.increased 8 percent  primarily as a result of higher net transaction fees . ADNV traded on the Cboe FX platform was for the quarter  up 7 percent compared to last year's first quarter  and net capture per traded was for the quarter  down 1 percent compared to in the first quarter of 2022. Cboe FX market share was 19.0 percent for the quarter compared to 17.3 percent in last year's first quarter  which sets a quarterly record for Cboe FX. The record was driven by increased client adoption of our diverse set of FX order types and trading protocols.(1)The Digital and Corporate segments are not further discussed as results were not material during the first quarter of 2023. (2)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.2023 Fiscal Year Financial GuidanceCboe provided guidance for the 2023 fiscal year as noted below.Reaffirmed organic total net revenue growth 1 is expected to be in the range of 7 to 9 percentage points in 2023  above medium-term organic total net revenue 1 guidance expectations of 5 to 7 percentage points.is expected to be in the range of 7 to 9 percentage points in 2023  above medium-term organic total net revenue guidance expectations of 5 to 7 percentage points. Reaffirmed revenue from acquisitions held less than a year 1 is expected to contribute total net revenue growth of 0.5 percentage points in 2023.is expected to contribute total net revenue growth of 0.5 percentage points in 2023. Reaffirmed organic net revenue 1 from Data and Access Solutions is expected to increase by approximately 7 to 10 percentage points in 2023  in line with medium-term guidance expectations.from Data and Access Solutions is expected to increase by approximately 7 to 10 percentage points in 2023  in line with medium-term guidance expectations. Reaffirmed adjusted operating expenses 1 in 2023 are expected to be in the range of $769 to $779 million   from a base of $652 million in 2022. The guidance excludes the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets of $112 million ; the company plans to reflect the exclusion of this amount in its non-GAAP reconciliation.in 2023 are expected to be in the range of to   from a base of in 2022. The guidance excludes the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets of ; the company plans to reflect the exclusion of this amount in its non-GAAP reconciliation. Reaffirmed depreciation and amortization expense for 2023  which is included in adjusted operating expenses above  is expected to be in the range of $48 to $52 million   excluding the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets.to   excluding the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets. Reaffirmed other income (expense)  net  is expected to contribute a $27 to $33 million benefit in 2023 given expected performance of minority investments.to benefit in 2023 given expected performance of minority investments. Reaffirmed the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings 1 for the full year 2023 is expected to be in the range of 28.5 to 30.5 percent. Significant changes in trading volume  expenses  tax laws or rates and other items could materially impact this expectation.for the full year 2023 is expected to be in the range of 28.5 to 30.5 percent. Significant changes in trading volume  expenses  tax laws or rates and other items could materially impact this expectation. Reaffirmed capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be in the range of $60 to $66 million .(1)Specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the company's organic and inorganic growth guidance  adjusted operating expenses guidance and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance are not available. Acquisitions are considered organic after 12 months of closing. The company believes that there is uncertainty and unpredictability with respect to certain of its GAAP measures  primarily related to acquisition-related revenues and expenses that would be required to reconcile to GAAP revenues less cost of revenues  GAAP operating expenses and GAAP effective tax rate  which preclude the company from providing accurate guidance on certain forward-looking GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. The company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the company's organic growth  adjusted operating expenses and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.Capital ManagementAt March 31  2023  the company had adjusted cash2 of $435.1 million. Total debt as of March 31  2023 was $1 742.6 million  an increase of $0.6 million from December 31  2022.The company paid cash dividends of $53.3 million  or $0.50 per share  during the first quarter of 2023 and utilized $70.0 million to repurchase approximately 567 thousand shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program at an average price of $123.42 per share. As of March 31  2023  the company had approximately $147.9 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations.Earnings Conference CallExecutives of Cboe Global Markets will host a conference call to review its first-quarter financial results today  May 5  2023  at 8:30 a.m. ET/7:30 a.m. CT. The conference call and any accompanying slides will be publicly available via live webcast from the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.cboe.com under Events & Presentations. Participants may also listen via telephone by dialing (877) 255–4313 from the United States  (866) 450–4696 from Canada or (412) 317–5466 for international callers. Telephone participants should place calls 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The webcast will be archived on the company's website for replay. A telephone replay of the earnings call also will be available from approximately 11:00 a.m. CT  May 5  2023  through 11:00 p.m. CT  May 12  2023  by calling (877) 344–7529 from the U.S.  (855) 669–9658 from Canada or (412) 317–0088 for international callers  using replay code 8520876.(2)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.About Cboe Global MarketsCboe Global Markets (Cboe: CBOE)  the world's leading derivatives and securities exchange network  delivers cutting-edge trading  clearing and investment solutions to people around the world. Cboe provides trading solutions and products in multiple asset classes  including equities  derivatives  FX  and digital assets  across North America  Europe  and Asia Pacific. Above all  Cboe is committed to building a trusted  inclusive global marketplace that enables people to pursue a sustainable financial future. To learn more about the Exchange for the World Stage  visit www.cboe.com.Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking InformationThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as ""may "" ""might "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""potential"" or ""continue "" and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All statements that reflect our expectations  assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions about us  may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time  and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; economic  political and market conditions; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading or clearing volumes  market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes; our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security vulnerabilities and breaches; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel  including compensation inflation; increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties; global expansion of operations; factors that impact the quality and integrity of our indices; our ability to manage our growth and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to minimize the risks  including our credit and default risks  associated with operating a European clearinghouse; our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic  including significant increases  without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source software code; our ability to meet our compliance obligations  including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit status; our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue  separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; damage to our reputation; the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill  long-lived assets  investments or intangible assets; the impacts of pandemics; the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; litigation risks and other liabilities; and operating a digital asset business and clearinghouse  including the expected benefits of our Cboe Digital acquisition  cybercrime  changes in digital asset regulation  losses due to digital asset custody  and fluctuations in digital asset prices. More detailed information about factors that may affect our actual results to differ may be found in our filings with the SEC  including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings made from time to time with the SEC.We do not undertake  and we expressly disclaim  any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof.The condensed consolidated statements of income and balance sheets are unaudited and subject to revision.CBOE-FTrademarks:Cboe®  Cboe Global Markets®  Cboe Volatility Index®  Bats®  BIDS Trading®  BZX®  BYX®  Chi-X®  Cboe Clear®  EDGX®  EDGA®  ErisX®  EuroCCP®  MATCHNow®  and VIX® are registered trademarks of Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Cboe Global Markets  Inc.Key Performance Statistics by Business Segment1Q 2023 4Q 2022 3Q 2022 2Q 2022 1Q 2022 OptionsTotal industry ADV (in thousands)46 05742 69439 94739 37742 464Total company Options ADV (in thousands)14 65714 54513 52113 05413 392Multi-listed options11 06211 18610 59210 37810 978Index options3 5953 3592 9292 6772 414Total Options market share31.8 %34.1 %33.8 %33.2 %31.5 % Multi-listed options26.1 %28.5 %28.6 %28.3 %27.4 % Total Options RPC:$ 0.267$ 0.248$ 0.242$ 0.233$ 0.210Multi-listed options$ 0.064$ 0.060$ 0.061$ 0.066$ 0.067Index options$ 0.889$ 0.876$ 0.896$ 0.883$ 0.857North American EquitiesU.S. Equities - Exchange:Total industry ADV (shares in billions)11.811.210.912.612.9Market share %12.7 %13.1 %13.3 %13.6 %14.3 % Net capture (per 100 touched shares)$ 0.019$ 0.024$ 0.023$ 0.020$ 0.017U.S. Equities - Off-Exchange:ADV (touched shares  in millions)89.480.880.192.7108.5Off-Exchange ATS Block Market Share % (reported on a two-month lag)20.3 %21.0 %21.7 %22.7 %24.4 % Net capture (per 100 touched shares)$ 0.113$ 0.113$ 0.114$ 0.108$ 0.117Canadian Equities:ADV (matched shares  in millions)150.8139.0113.273.741.1Total market share %14.7 %13.6 %12.2 %6.4 %3.2 % Net capture (per 10 000 shares  in Canadian Dollars)$ 4.039$ 3.901$ 4.316$ 5.668$ 9.103Europe and Asia PacificEuropean Equities:Total industry ADNV (Euros - in billions)€ 45.8€ 40.1€ 39.2€ 46.9€ 58.7Market share %24.9 %24.9 %24.6 %23.2 %21.8 % Net capture (bps)€ 0.215€ 0.224€ 0.229€ 0.238€ 0.233Cboe Clear Europe:Trades cleared (in thousands)359 418.1342 472.9343 051.6357 914.1456 459.1Fee per trade cleared€ 0.008€ 0.007€ 0.008€ 0.009€ 0.009Net settlement volume (shares in thousands)2 661.92 490.52 546.82 501.62 802.1Net fee per settlement€ 0.953€ 0.886€ 0.902€ 0.808€ 0.924Australian Equities:ADNV (AUD billions)$ 0.8$ 0.7$ 0.7$ 0.8$ 0.9Market share - Continuous18.5 %17.2 %16.7 %17.0 %15.8 % Net capture (per matched notional value (bps)  in Australian Dollars)$ 0.160$ 0.142$ 0.168$ 0.171$ 0.173Japanese Equities:ADNV (JPY billions)¥ 183.3¥ 114.1¥ 160.6¥ 136.0¥ 161.8Market share - Lit Continuous4.8 %2.9 %4.4 %3.5 %3.8 % Net capture (per matched notional value (bps))¥ 0.243¥ 0.265¥ 0.259¥ 0.258¥ 0.228FuturesADV (in thousands)231.8193.3205.0221.7253.7RPC$ 1.725$ 1.689$ 1.700$ 1.677$ 1.637Global FXSpot market share %19.0 %18.4 %17.8 %17.0 %17.3 % ADNV ($ in billions)$ 45.0$ 40.8$ 41.3$ 39.6$ 42.0Net capture (per one million dollars traded)$ 2.64$ 2.69$ 2.69$ 2.71$ 2.67ADV = average daily volume; ADNV = average daily notional value.RPC  average revenue per contract  for options and futures represents total net transaction fees recognized for the period divided by total contracts traded during the period.Touched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs internally matched on our exchanges or routed to and executed on an external market center.Matched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs executed on our exchanges.U.S. Equities - Exchange  ""net capture per 100 touched shares"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BZX  BYX  EDGX and EDGA and the number of trading days. U.S. Equities – Off-Exchange data reflects BIDS Trading. For U.S. Equities – Off-Exchange  ""net capture per 100 touched shares"" refers to transaction fees less order and execution management system (OMS/EMS) fees and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BIDS Trading and the number of trading days for the period.Canadian Equities  ""net capture per 10 000 shares"" refers to transaction fees divided by the product of one-ten thousandth ADV of shares for MATCHNow and Cboe Canada and the number of trading days. Total market share represents MATCHNow and Cboe Canada volume divided by the total volume of the Canadian Equities market.European Equities  ""net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Euros divided by the product of ADNV in Euros of shares matched on Cboe Europe Equities and the number of trading days. ""Trades cleared"" refers to the total number of non-interoperable trades cleared  ""Fee per trade cleared"" refers to clearing fees divided by number of non-interoperable trades cleared  ""Net settlement volume"" refers to the total number of settlements executed after netting  and ""Net fee per settlement"" refers to settlement fees less direct costs incurred to settle divided by the number of settlements executed after netting.Asia Pacific data reflects the acquisition of Cboe Asia Pacific (formerly Chi-X Asia Pacific). Australian Equities ""Net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Australian dollars divided by the product of ADNV in Australian dollars of shares matched on Cboe Australia and the number of Australian Equities trading days. Japanese Equities ""Net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Japanese Yen divided by the product of ADNV in Japanese Yen of shares matched on Cboe Japan and the number of Japanese Equities trading days.Global FX  ""net capture per one million dollars traded"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments  if any  divided by the Spot and SEF products of one-thousandth of ADNV traded on the Cboe FX Markets and the number of trading days  divided by two  which represents the buyer and seller that are both charged on the transaction. Market Share represents Cboe FX volume divided by the total volume of publicly reporting spot FX venues (Cboe FX  EBS  Refinitiv  and Euronext FX).Average transaction fees per contract can be affected by various factors  including exchange fee rates  volume-based discounts and transaction mix by contract type and product type.Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022Three Months Ended March 31  (in millions  except per share amounts)20232022 Revenue:Cash and spot markets$ 407.0$ 461.9 Data and access solutions129.4118.9 Derivatives markets451.8393.7 Total Revenues988.2974.5 Cost of Revenues:Liquidity payments371.8467.5 Routing and clearing24.022.3 Section 31 fees74.935.7 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues46.130.9 Total Cost of Revenues516.8556.4 Revenues Less Cost of Revenues471.4418.1 Operating Expenses:Compensation and benefits110.481.2 Depreciation and amortization41.440.9 Technology support services22.219.2 Professional fees and outside services23.919.7 Travel and promotional expenses6.22.9 Facilities costs7.66.5 Acquisition-related costs6.42.0 Other expenses5.46.0 Total Operating Expenses223.5178.4 Operating Income247.9239.7 Non-operating (Expenses) Income:Interest expense  net(15.1)(10.8) Other income (expense)  net15.4(4.0) Total Non-operating Expenses0.3(14.8) Income Before Income Tax Provision248.2224.9 Income tax provision74.8115.3 Net Income173.4109.6 Net income allocated to participating securities(0.8)(0.4) Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.2 Net Income Per Share Allocated to Common Stockholders:Basic earnings per share$ 1.63$ 1.02 Diluted earnings per share1.631.02 Weighted average shares used in computing income per share:Basic105.9106.6 Diluted106.2106.8Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) March 31  2023 and December 31  2022March 31 December 31  (in millions)20232022 AssetsCurrent Assets:Cash and cash equivalents$ 435.6$ 432.7 Financial investments80.291.7 Accounts receivable  net393.4369.8 Margin deposits and clearing funds1 452.8543.0 Digital assets - safeguarded assets42.022.9 Income taxes receivable4.548.3 Other current assets49.647.6 Total Current Assets2 458.11 556.0Investments269.7253.2 Land2.32.3 Property and equipment  net112.1108.2 Operating lease right of use assets110.1111.7 Goodwill3 128.43 122.8 Intangible assets  net1 636.51 662.8 Other assets  net186.3181.9 Total Assets$ 7 903.5$ 6 998.9Liabilities and Stockholders' EquityCurrent Liabilities:Accounts payable and accrued liabilities$ 368.2$ 420.2 Section 31 fees payable75.4147.1 Deferred revenue21.711.7 Margin deposits and clearing funds1 452.8543.0 Income taxes payable19.43.5 Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities42.022.9 Current portion of long-term debt304.8304.7 Current portion of contingent consideration liabilities19.224.1 Total Current Liabilities2 303.51 477.2Long-term debt1 437.81 437.3 Non-current unrecognized tax benefits210.5196.1 Deferred income taxes211.4222.9 Non-current operating lease liabilities126.9129.3 Non-current portion of contingent consideration liabilities15.015.0 Other non-current liabilities59.755.8 Total Liabilities4 364.83 533.6Stockholders' Equity:Preferred stock—— Common stock1.11.1 Treasury stock at cost(213.7)(131.0) Additional paid-in capital1 472.31 455.1 Retained earnings2 291.22 171.1 Accumulated other comprehensive loss  net(12.2)(31.0) Total Stockholders' Equity3 538.73 465.3Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity$ 7 903.5$ 6 998.9Non-GAAP InformationIn addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with GAAP  Cboe Global Markets has disclosed certain non-GAAP measures of operating performance. These measures are not in accordance with  or a substitute for  GAAP  and may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The non-GAAP measures provided in this press release include net transaction and clearing fees  adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  organic net revenue  inorganic net revenue  net revenues on a constant currency basis  and adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income allocated to common stockholders and adjusted diluted earnings per share  effective tax rate on adjusted earnings  net revenues on a constant currency basis  adjusted cash  EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin.Management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this press release provide additional and comparative information to assess trends in our core operations and a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Non-GAAP financial measures disclosed by management are provided as additional information to investors in order to provide them with an alternative method for assessing our financial condition and operating results.Organic net revenue  inorganic net revenue  organic non-transaction revenue and organic net revenue guidance: These are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude or have otherwise been adjusted for the impact of our acquisitions for the period or guidance  as applicable. Management believes the organic net revenue growth and guidance measures provide users with supplemental information regarding the company's ongoing and future potential revenue performances and trends by presenting revenue growth and guidance excluding the impact of the acquisitions. Revenues from acquisitions that have been owned for at least one year are considered organic and are no longer excluded from organic net revenue from either period for comparative purposes.Amortization expense of acquired intangible assets: We amortize intangible assets acquired in connection with various acquisitions. Amortization of intangible assets is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. As such  if intangible asset amortization is included in performance measures  it is more difficult to assess the day-to-day operating performance of the businesses  the relative operating performance of the businesses between periods and the earnings power of the company. Therefore  we believe performance measures excluding intangible asset amortization expense provide investors with an additional basis for comparison across accounting periods.Acquisition-related expenses: From time to time  we have pursued acquisitions  which have resulted in expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred in the normal course of the company's business operations. These expenses include integration costs  as well as legal  due diligence  impairment charges  and other third-party transaction costs. The frequency and the amount of such expenses vary significantly based on the size  timing and complexity of the transaction. Accordingly  we exclude these costs for purposes of calculating non-GAAP measures which provide an additional analysis of Cboe's ongoing operating performance or comparisons in Cboe's performance between periods.The tables below show the reconciliation of each financial measure from GAAP to non-GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of those items detailed below and are referred to as adjusted financial measures.Organic Net Revenue ReconciliationTable 3Three Months Ended(in millions)March 31 Reconciliation of Revenues Less Cost of Revenues to Organic Net Revenue20232022Revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue)$ 471.4$ 418.1Less acquisitions:Acquisition revenues less cost of revenues (inorganic net revenue)$ (4.4)$ —Organic net revenue$ 467.0$ 418.1Reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP InformationThree Months EndedTable 4March 31 (in millions  except per share amounts)20232022Reconciliation of Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders to Non-GAAP (As shown on Table 1)Net income allocated to common stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.2Non-GAAP adjustmentsAcquisition-related expenses (1)6.42.0Investment establishment costs (2)—3.0Amortization of acquired intangible assets (3)30.930.6Total Non-GAAP adjustments37.335.6Income tax expense related to the items above(9.5)(8.7)Tax reserves (4)1.548.5Net income allocated to participating securities - effect on reconciling items(0.1)(0.3)Adjusted net income allocated to common stockholders$ 201.8$ 184.3Reconciliation of Diluted EPS to Non-GAAPDiluted earnings per common share$ 1.63$ 1.02Per share impact of non-GAAP adjustments noted above0.270.71Adjusted diluted earnings per common share$ 1.90$ 1.73Reconciliation of Operating Margin to Non-GAAPRevenue less cost of revenue$ 471.4$ 418.1Non-GAAP adjustments noted above——Adjusted revenue less cost of revenue$ 471.4$ 418.1Operating expenses (5)$ 223.5$ 178.4Non-GAAP adjustments noted above37.332.6Adjusted operating expenses$ 186.2$ 145.8Operating income$ 247.9$ 239.7Non-GAAP adjustments noted above37.332.6Adjusted operating income$ 285.2$ 272.3Adjusted operating margin (6)60.5 %65.1 %Reconciliation of Income Tax Rate to Non-GAAPIncome before income taxes248.2224.9Non-GAAP adjustments noted above37.335.6Adjusted income before income taxes$ 285.5$ 260.5Income tax provision74.8115.3Non-GAAP adjustments noted above8.0(39.8)Adjusted income tax expense$ 82.8$ 75.5Adjusted income tax rate29.0 %29.0 %(1) This amount includes ongoing acquisition related costs primarily from the Company's Cboe Digital and Cboe Canada acquisitions. (2) This amount represents the investment establishment costs related to the company's investment in 7RIDGE Investments 3 LP  which acquired Trading Technologies  Inc. (3) This amount represents the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to the company's acquisitions. (4) This amount represents the tax reserves related to Section 199 matters. (5) The company sponsors deferred compensation plans held in a trust. The expenses or income related to the deferred compensation plans are included in ""Compensation and benefits"" ($3.2 million and $0.6 million in expense for the three months ended March 31  2023 and 2022  respectively)  and are directly offset by deferred compensation income  expenses and dividends included within ""Other income  net"" ($3.2 million and $0.6 million in income  expense and dividends in the three months ended March 31  2023 and 2022  respectively)  on the condensed consolidated statements of income. The deferred compensation plans' expenses are not excluded from ""adjusted operating expenses"" and do not have an impact on ""Income before income taxes."" (6) Adjusted operating margin represents adjusted operating income divided by adjusted revenue less cost of revenue.EBITDA ReconciliationsEBITDA (earnings before interest  income taxes  depreciation and amortization) and Adjusted EBITDA are widely used non-GAAP financial measures of operating performance. EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue). It is presented as supplemental information that the company believes is useful to investors to evaluate its results because it excludes certain items that are not directly related to the company's core operating performance. EBITDA is calculated by adding back to net income interest expense  income tax expense  depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back to EBITDA acquisition-related expenses and investment establishment costs. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as substitutes either for net income  as an indicator of the company's operating performance  or for cash flow  as a measure of the company's liquidity. In addition  because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be calculated identically by all companies  the presentation here may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenue.Table 5Three Months Ended(in millions  except percentages)March 31 Reconciliation of Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (Per Table 1)20232022Net income allocated to common stockholders$ 172.6$ 109.2Interest expense  net15.110.8Income tax provision74.8115.3Depreciation and amortization41.440.9EBITDA$ 303.9$ 276.2EBITDA Margin64.5 %66.1 %Non-GAAP adjustments not included in above line itemsAcquisition-related expenses6.42.0Investment establishment costs—3.0Adjusted EBITDA$ 310.3$ 281.2Adjusted EBITDA Margin65.8 %67.3 %Table 6(in millions)March 31 December 31 Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents to Adjusted Cash20232022Cash and cash equivalents$ 435.6$ 432.7Financial investments80.291.7Less deferred compensation plan assets(30.7)(27.5)Less cash collected for Section 31 Fees(50.0)(93.7)Adjusted Cash$ 435.1$ 403.2Table 7(in millions)Reconciliation of Net Transaction and Clearing Fees by Business Segment –Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022ConsolidatedOptionsN.A. EquitiesEurope and APACFuturesGlobal FXDigitalMarch 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 20232022202320222023202220232022202320222023202220232022 Transaction and clearing fees $ 732.5$ 769.6$ 395.8$ 348.3$ 255.0$ 330.8$ 42.1$ 50.1$ 24.8$ 25.8$ 15.8$ 14.6$ (1.0)$ — Liquidity payments(371.8)(467.5)(144.2)(167.6)(215.9)(288.3)(11.3)(11.6)————(0.4)— Routing and clearing(24.0)(22.3)(9.7)(6.7)(9.4)(10.5)(4.6)(4.9)——(0.3)(0.2)—— Net transaction and clearing fees $ 336.7$ 279.8$ 241.9$ 174.0$ 29.7$ 32.0$ 26.2$ 33.6$ 24.8$ 25.8$ 15.5$ 14.4$ (1.4)$ —Table 8(in millions)Reconciliation of Net Revenue by Revenue Caption –Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022Cash and Spot MarketsData and Access SolutionsDerivatives MarketsTotalThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedMarch 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 20232022202320222023202220232022 Transaction and clearing fees $ 311.9$ 395.5$ —$ —$ 420.6$ 374.1$ 732.5$ 769.6 Access and capacity fees——84.277.9——84.277.9 Market data fees17.922.944.539.68.58.270.970.7 Regulatory fees62.631.9——21.910.784.542.6 Other revenue14.611.60.71.40.80.716.113.7 Total revenues $ 407.0$ 461.9$ 129.4$ 118.9$ 451.8$ 393.7$ 988.2$ 974.5Liquidity payments $ 227.0$ 299.6$ —$ —$ 144.8$ 167.9$ 371.8$ 467.5 Routing and clearing fees14.315.6——9.76.724.022.3 Section 31 fees61.431.8——13.53.974.935.7 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues7.14.62.22.436.823.946.130.9 Total cost of revenues $ 309.8$ 351.6$ 2.2$ 2.4$ 204.8$ 202.4$ 516.8$ 556.4Revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue) $ 97.2$ 110.3$ 127.2$ 116.5$ 247.0$ 191.3$ 471.4$ 418.1Acquisition revenue less cost of revenues (inorganic net revenue)(0.9)—(3.5)———(4.4)—Organic net revenue $ 96.3$ 110.3$ 123.7$ 116.5$ 247.0$ 191.3$ 467.0$ 418.1Table 9Reconciliation of GAAP Effective Tax Rate to Effective Tax Rate Excluding Section 199 Matters - Three Months Ended March 31  2023 and 2022Three Months Ended March 31 20232022GAAP effective tax rate30.1 %51.3 %Tax effect of Section 199 related matters— %(21.4) %Effective tax rate excluding Section 199 matters30.1 %29.9 %Table 10Reconciliation of GAAP Net Revenues to Net Revenues in Constant Currency - Three Months Ended March 31  2023Three Months Ended March 31 2023 Europe and Asia Pacific net revenues $ 49.3 Constant currency adjustment3.5 Europe and Asia Pacific net revenues in constant currency1 $ 52.8(1) Net revenues in constant currency is calculated by converting the current period GAAP net revenues in local currency using the foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect during the previous comparable period.SOURCE Cboe Global Markets  Inc.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.16,0.25,True,English,"['Cboe Global Markets', 'Record Results', 'First Quarter', 'organic total net revenue growth2 target', 'Cboe Global Markets Executive Vice President', 'Organic Total Net Revenue Growth Target', 'Organic Net Revenue Growth Target', 'unaudited condensed consolidated financial information', 'organic net revenue growth2', 'spot markets net revenue', 'Cboe Global Markets Chairman', 'Consolidated First Quarter Results', 'Adjusted Operating Expense Guidance2', 'GAAP effective tax rate', 'record first quarter results', 'Record Net Revenue', 'net revenue increase', 'net revenue trends', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'organic growth guidance', '13 % Total Operating Expenses', 'Accounting Principles"") results', 'Edward T. Tilly', 'Brian N. Schell', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Change Total Revenues', 'meaningful investment opportunities', 'accompanying financial tables', 'First Quarter Highlights', 'record adjusted earnings', 'operating expenses guidance', 'long-term shareholder value', 'GAAP operating expenses', 'Access Solutions businesses', 'Long-Term Revenue', 'financial results', 'Net Income', 'Earnings Growth', 'Non-GAAP Information', 'global Derivatives', 'robust growth', 'GAAP results', 'global ecosystem', '28 % Operating Income', 'earnings guidance', 'financial objectives', 'attached tables', 'accurate guidance', 'first 50 years', 'Continued Investment', 'GAAP measures', 'GAAP reconciliations', 'Diluted EPS', 'important milestone', 'fiftieth anniversary', 'relentless innovation', 'Recent innovations', 'trading hours', 'new expirations', 'derivatives products', 'diverse set', 'market environment', 'strong start', 'five decades', 'same passion', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'strong performance', 'steady progress', 'key initiatives', 'derivatives business', 'impressive start', 'same period', 'full reconciliation', 'Specific quantifications', 'less cost', 'three months', 'Common Stockholders', 'GAAP revenues', '1Q22 Change', 'acquisition-related revenues', '7 to 9 percent', '7 to 10 percent', 'continued progress', 'next 50 years', 'Data', 'CHICAGO', 'May', 'PRNewswire', 'founding', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'strength', 'suite', 'tools', 'employees', 'partners', 'trusted', 'expertise', 'Treasurer', 'cash', 'volumes', '1Q23', 'quarters', 'comparisons', 'amounts', 'uncertainty', 'unpredictability', 'respect', 'estimates', 'range', 'degree', 'precision', 'investors', 'reasons', 'summary', 'basis', 'Table 1', 'millions']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,prnewswire.com
24461,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230505005335/en/Aptorum-Group-Receives-Nasdaq-Notification-of-Minimum-Stockholders%E2%80%99-Equity-Deficiency,Aptorum Group Receives Nasdaq Notification of Minimum Stockholders’ Equity Deficiency,Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company d,NEW YORK & LONDON & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it has received a letter from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) Listing Qualifications Department notifying the Company that it is not currently in compliance with the minimum stockholders' equity requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(A) requires listed companies to maintain stockholders’ equity of at least $10 000 000  and the Company’s stockholders’ equity was $7 833 305 as of December 31  2022. In accordance with Nasdaq rules  the Company has 45 calendar days  or until June 20  2023  to submit a plan to regain compliance. If the plan is accepted  Nasdaq can grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the letter  or until October 31  2023  to evidence compliance. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company’s compliance plan  the Company may appeal the decision to a Hearing’s Panel. Alternatively  the Company may consider applying to transfer the Class A Ordinary Shares to The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Nasdaq deficiency letter has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company’s Class A Ordinary Shares  and its Class A Ordinary Shares will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “APM” at this time.About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications)  autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aptorum has completed two phase I clinical trials for its ALS-4 (MRSA) and orphan drug designated SACT-1 (Neuroblastoma) small molecule drugs and commercializing its NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical (menopause). The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development and ongoing clinical validation of its novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about Aptorum Group  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020. As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein. Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.,neutral,0.0,0.91,0.09,negative,0.01,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Minimum Stockholders’ Equity Deficiency', 'Aptorum Group', 'Nasdaq Notification', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa', 'novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'two phase I clinical trials', 'Class A Ordinary Shares', 'Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'up to 180 calendar days', 'The Nasdaq Global Market', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', ""minimum stockholders' equity requirement"", 'The Nasdaq deficiency letter', 'ongoing clinical validation', 'unmet medical needs', 'small molecule drugs', 'other similar expressions', 'additional consumer segments', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'microbiome-based research platform', 'detection diagnostics technology', 'new therapeutics assets', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'orphan oncology indications', 'drug discovery platforms', '45 calendar days', 'stockholders’ equity', 'orphan drug', 'therapeutic assets', 'additional products', 'other filings', 'Nasdaq rules', 'NEW YORK', 'drug molecules', 'continued listing', 'Regulatory News', 'listed companies', 'immediate effect', 'NLS-2 NativusWell', 'systematic screening', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'application submissions', 'financial condition', 'organizational changes', 'continued service', 'key personnel', 'product assortments', 'growth strategies', 'supply chain', 'Form 20-F', 'new information', 'infectious diseases', 'metabolic diseases', 'future events', 'Euronext Paris', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'autoimmune diseases', 'development results', 'compliance plan', 'LONDON', 'APM', 'December', 'accordance', 'June', 'extension', 'date', 'October', 'decision', 'Hearing', 'Panel', 'symbol', 'time', 'commercialization', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'Neuroblastoma', 'nutraceutical', 'menopause', 'pipeline', 'establishment', 'existing', 'treatments', 'Singapore', 'Agency', 'aptorumgroup', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'plans', 'prospects', 'meaning', 'purpose', 'cases', 'terms', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'target', 'projects', 'contemplates', 'predicts', 'projections', 'trends', 'operations', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'limitation', 'management', 'availability', 'challenges', 'stability', 'prospectus', '16 July', 'obligation', 'announcement']",2023-05-06,2023-05-06,businesswire.com
24462,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-5-5-galapagos-creates-new-subscription-right-plans,Galapagos creates new subscription right plans,Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announced today that its Board of Directors created 1 975 000 subscription rights under new subscription right plans for the benefit of certain members of the personnel of the company and its subsidiaries.,Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announced today that its Board of Directors created 1 975 000 subscription rights under new subscription right plans for the benefit of certain members of the personnel of the company and its subsidiaries.,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new subscription right plans', 'Galapagos', 'new subscription right plans', '1,975,000 subscription rights', 'Galapagos NV', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'Board', 'Directors', 'benefit', 'members', 'personnel', 'company', 'subsidiaries']",2023-05-05,2023-05-06,markets.buffalonews.com
