UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
13359,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/b3y39TW9O1,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/b3y39TW9O1,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-17,2022-11-24,Unknown
13433,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,First Centrally Cleared Short Bitcoin ETP Launched on Deutsche Boerse Xetra https://t.co/4J3UZncHns,nan,First Centrally Cleared Short Bitcoin ETP Launched on Deutsche Boerse Xetra https://t.co/4J3UZncHns,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Short Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Xetra', 'J3UZncHns', 'Short Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Xetra', 'J3UZncHns']",2022-11-18,2022-11-24,Unknown
13434,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Fidelity International Introduces ETP on Deutsche Boerse Exchanges https://t.co/T0H6nNNNEM,nan,Fidelity International Introduces ETP on Deutsche Boerse Exchanges https://t.co/T0H6nNNNEM,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse\xa0Exchanges', 'Fidelity International', 'ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Exchanges', 'Fidelity International', 'ETP']",2022-11-18,2022-11-24,Unknown
13509,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP', 'AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP']",2022-11-21,2022-11-24,Unknown
13510,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7']",2022-11-21,2022-11-24,Unknown
13511,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,TNT Express und United Parcel Service vs. PostNL und Deutsche Post – kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post https://t.co/wPnuTaq9Pj,nan,TNT Express und United Parcel Service vs. PostNL und Deutsche Post – kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post https://t.co/wPnuTaq9Pj,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post', 'United Parcel Service', 'Deutsche Post', 'TNT Express', 'PostNL', 'kommentierter', 'KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post', 'United Parcel Service', 'Deutsche Post', 'TNT Express', 'PostNL', 'kommentierter']",2022-11-19,2022-11-24,Unknown
13557,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,As Euroclear becomes a #digital and #data enabled #FMI  the role of data #Innovation is fundamental to our evolutio… https://t.co/rv442w7lZg,nan,As Euroclear becomes a #digital and #data enabled #FMI  the role of data #Innovation is fundamental to our evolutio… https://t.co/rv442w7lZg,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'role', 'data', 'evolutio', 'Euroclear', 'role', 'data', 'evolutio']",2022-11-22,2022-11-24,Unknown
13558,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Evolution and revolution in global remittances #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rhwfiFWJT7 #regtech,nan,Evolution and revolution in global remittances #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rhwfiFWJT7 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['global remittances', 'Evolution', 'Fintech', 'global remittances', 'Evolution', 'Fintech']",2022-11-22,2022-11-24,Unknown
13559,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Community Banker of the Year: Cape Cod 5's Dorothy Savarese #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BebxbIjb5b #regtech,nan,Community Banker of the Year: Cape Cod 5's Dorothy Savarese #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BebxbIjb5b #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Community Banker', 'Cape Cod', 'Dorothy Savarese', 'Year', 'Community Banker', 'Cape Cod', 'Dorothy Savarese', 'Year']",2022-11-21,2022-11-24,Unknown
13560,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New York Fed advances tests of CBDCs for cross-border payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DjFxLYyTy3 #regtech,nan,New York Fed advances tests of CBDCs for cross-border payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DjFxLYyTy3 #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['New York Fed', 'cross-border payments', 'tests', 'CBDCs', 'regtech', 'New York Fed', 'cross-border payments', 'tests', 'CBDCs', 'regtech']",2022-11-21,2022-11-24,Unknown
13564,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,nan,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang', 'Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang']",2022-11-22,2022-11-24,Unknown
13623,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,ESG in its DNA: Berkshire Hills CEO on investing in the underbanked #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9etQ7ZeVeY #regtech,nan,ESG in its DNA: Berkshire Hills CEO on investing in the underbanked #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9etQ7ZeVeY #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Berkshire Hills CEO', 'ESG', 'DNA', 'Fintech', 'Berkshire Hills CEO', 'ESG', 'DNA', 'Fintech']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,Unknown
13624,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Sikorsky Financial Credit Union to merge with small Connecticut peer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/vXFEcJb8mz #regtech,nan,Sikorsky Financial Credit Union to merge with small Connecticut peer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/vXFEcJb8mz #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Sikorsky Financial Credit Union', 'small Connecticut peer', 'Sikorsky Financial Credit Union', 'small Connecticut peer']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,Unknown
13625,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Credit Union Executives Society CEO John Pembroke dies #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/7ofn7SsjoA #regtech,nan,Credit Union Executives Society CEO John Pembroke dies #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/7ofn7SsjoA #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Union Executives Society CEO John Pembroke', 'regtech', 'Credit Union Executives Society CEO John Pembroke', 'regtech']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,Unknown
13626,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Service orchestration: connecting the dots in payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/AOT1FfX2XF #regtech,nan,Service orchestration: connecting the dots in payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/AOT1FfX2XF #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Service orchestration', 'dots', 'payments', 'Fintech', 'AOT1FfX2XF', 'Service orchestration', 'dots', 'payments', 'Fintech', 'AOT1FfX2XF']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,Unknown
13627,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.timesofisrael.com/israeli-group-helping-rank-companies-on-un-sustainability-goals-for-annual-prize/,Israeli group helping rank companies on UN sustainability goals for annual prize,YK Center  which advocates for UN's 17 Sustainable Development Goals  jointly announces awards for top SDG performers among banks  insurance companies  stock exchanges,An Israeli organization has linked up with three international bodies to launch an award that will be given to banks  insurance companies and stock exchanges that have performed best in relation to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals.The award  to be given at the UN’s annual COP climate conferences  will eventually also be extended to companies.The world agreed in 2015 to implement 17 Sustainable Development Goals  or SDGs  by 2030.The goals  which are made up of 169 targets  include climate action  but also improving society in areas such as health  education  increased equality  the eradication of poverty  and access to clean natural resources.Israel’s YK Center  a think tank and incubator which promotes the SDGs  is working on the award together with the United Nations Global Sustainability Index Institute  the UN Sustainable Development Solutions Network  and the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Newsletter email address Get it By signing up  you agree to the terms“The world can see how the finance sector is working hard to regain trust while becoming reliable partners for SDG implementation ” said YK Center CEO Tal Ronen.The center is named for Israeli insurance and risk management expert Prof. Yehuda Kahane  who campaigns for the SDGs.The top three winners in each category were announced earlier this month at the UN COP27 climate conference in Egypt’s Sharm el-Sheikh  which ended early Sunday morning.AdvertisementB3 from Brazil won the stock exchange section  followed by Japan Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse.Among the banks  Banco Bradesco from Brazil came first  with the French BNP Paribas taking second place and Mexico’s Banorte the third.The French company Axa took top place in the insurance sector  followed by Zurich Insurance and the London-based Aviva.This year’s awards will be presented to the companies in February at an SDG Lab in Davos  Switzerland.In the future  they will be given annually at COP conferences  starting with next year’s COP28 in the UAE.Roland Schatz  founder and CEO of the UN Global Sustainability Index Institute  added that the research would be broadened to include small and medium-sized companies and that Israeli companies would be included as well going forward.AdvertisementTo arrive at its analysis of 30 banks  30 insurance companies and 10 stock exchanges  the UN Global Sustainability Index Institute examined the legally binding annual reports published in the last five years by the world’s top 500 listed companies  with a combined market capitalization of more than $25 trillion.Researchers compared how each one of the 500 companies spent its budget and its plans for the future  judging it against the rubric of the 17 SDGs and 169 targets.Its findings were buttressed with reports in the financial media  as well as comments by financial analysts  on the companies’ statements and claims  which were then used to rank the companies on sustainability.“The SDG Commitment Report Awards provide transparency on how the lighthouses in the banking  insurance  and stock exchange industries are increasingly committed to accepting the SDGs as their additional compass in business ” said Schatz.Prof. Phoebe Koundouri  co-chair of UN Sustainable Development Solutions Network  said it was important to ensure that those providing funding to companies  cities  hospitals  and other institutions across the world understood that they also had to disclose their guidelines for investment decisions.“We are looking forward to seeing all the experts joining our UNFCCC Innovation Hub next year at COP in Dubai” said Massamba Thioye  head of innovation at the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.27,0.22,True,English,"['UN sustainability goals', 'Israeli group', 'annual prize', 'companies', 'United Nations Global Sustainability Index Institute', 'UN Global Sustainability Index Institute', 'UN Sustainable Development Solutions Network', 'top stories Newsletter email address', 'The SDG Commitment Report Awards', 'YK Center CEO Tal Ronen', 'UN COP27 climate conference', 'annual COP climate conferences', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'UN Framework Convention', 'top three winners', 'three international bodies', 'clean natural resources', 'risk management expert', 'Prof. Yehuda Kahane', 'Japan Exchange Group', 'last five years', 'Prof. Phoebe Koundouri', 'stock exchange section', 'French BNP Paribas', 'binding annual reports', 'stock exchange industries', 'UNFCCC Innovation Hub', 'top 500 listed companies', 'The Times', 'COP conferences', 'top place', 'SDG implementation', 'SDG Lab', 'climate action', 'Climate Change', 'stock exchanges', 'French company', 'Israeli organization', 'think tank', 'Daily Edition', 'finance sector', 'reliable partners', 'Sharm el-Sheikh', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Banco Bradesco', 'second place', 'London-based Aviva', 'next year', 'market capitalization', 'financial media', 'financial analysts', 'additional compass', 'other institutions', 'investment decisions', 'Massamba Thioye', 'Israeli insurance', 'insurance sector', 'Zurich Insurance', 'medium-sized companies', 'Israeli companies', 'companies’ statements', 'Roland Schatz', 'insurance companies', '500 companies', 'banks', 'relation', 'world', 'SDGs', '169 targets', 'society', 'areas', 'health', 'education', 'equality', 'eradication', 'poverty', 'access', 'incubator', 'terms', 'trust', 'category', 'Egypt', 'Advertisement', 'B3', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'Banorte', 'Axa', 'February', 'Davos', 'Switzerland', 'future', 'COP28', 'UAE', 'founder', 'research', 'small', 'analysis', 'legally', 'budget', 'plans', 'rubric', 'findings', 'comments', 'claims', 'transparency', 'lighthouses', 'banking', 'business', 'chair', 'funding', 'cities', 'hospitals', 'guidelines', 'experts', 'Dubai', 'head']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,timesofisrael.com
13629,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Interesting article about the experience of Deutsche Börse moving to the cloud.  https://t.co/4XZN8cuLS5 https://t.co/FUlVjIwY0D,nan,Interesting article about the experience of Deutsche Börse moving to the cloud.  https://t.co/4XZN8cuLS5 https://t.co/FUlVjIwY0D,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Interesting article', 'experience', 'cloud', 'XZN8cuLS5', 'FUlVjIwY0D', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Interesting article', 'experience', 'cloud', 'XZN8cuLS5', 'FUlVjIwY0D']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,Unknown
13631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/epilepsia-publishes-interim-results-open-120000863.html,Epilepsia Publishes Interim Results of Open-Label Extension Study of FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) Oral Solution in Patients with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome (LGS),UCB (Euronext: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced the publication of long-term open-label extension (OLE) study results of FINTEPLA® (...,"Peer-reviewed results from the Phase 3 open-label extension study of FINTEPLA ® in LGS provide significant reduction in the frequency of multiple seizure types associated with a drop or fall for 15 months  including tonic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures 1The cardiovascular safety in this study further corroborates the growing body of data around the long-term FINTEPLA safety profile; no cases of valvular heart disease or pulmonary arterial hypertension were observed 1In the U.S.  FINTEPLA is approved for the treatment of seizures associated with LGS in patients 2 years of age and older2ATLANTA  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB (Euronext: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced the publication of long-term open-label extension (OLE) study results of FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) CIV in Epilepsia. Long-term efficacy and safety findings showed that FINTEPLA  when added to a patient's current anti-epileptic treatment regimen for seizures associated with LGS  was effective in reducing the frequency of multiple seizure types and was generally well tolerated during a median treatment duration of 364 days.1 Study participants experienced a sustained reduction in the frequency of motor seizures including those that resulted in a drop or fall like generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS)  secondary GTCS  focal to bilateral tonic-clonic  tonic seizures  atonic seizures  and tonic-atonic seizures.1LGS is a severe childhood-onset developmental and epileptic encephalopathy characterized by drug-resistant seizures with high morbidity3 as well as serious impairment of neurodevelopmental  cognitive  and motor functions.4 LGS has far-reaching effects beyond seizures  including issues with communication  psychiatric symptoms  sleep  behavioral challenges  and mobility.5 LGS affects 30 000 to 50 000 people in the U.S.6""This long-term safety and efficacy interim analysis of adjunctive FINTEPLA showed that patients with LGS experienced sustained  clinically meaningful reductions in the frequency of seizures associated with a drop  with a particularly robust reduction in the frequency of GTCS  which are associated with sudden unexpected death in epilepsy "" said Kelly Knupp  M.D.  MSCS  FAES  Associate Professor  Children's Hospital Colorado  and principal investigator of the study. ""Given the sustained efficacy and tolerability of FINTEPLA over time  this medication could be an important long-term therapeutic option for patients with LGS  who are highly treatment-resistant  and could be an especially important therapeutic option for LGS patients who experience a high burden of GTCS.""Story continuesResults of the OLE study showed the median percentage change in monthly frequency of seizures associated with a drop from pre-randomized baseline was -28.6% over the entire OLE (P<0.0001) and -50.5% at month 15 (P<0.0001). Nearly one-third of patients (31.1%) experienced a clinically meaningful 50% or greater reduction in the percentage of seizures associated with a drop  including 11.6% of patients who demonstrated a profound 75% or greater reduction. The median percentage change in the frequency of all motor seizures was 45.9% (P=0.0038).1 GTCS and tonic seizures were most responsive to LGS treatment with FINTEPLA.1 Over the entire OLE  the median percentage change in GTCS from pre-randomized baseline was -48.8% (P<0.0001)  and  over time  ranged from -56.4% at Month 7-9 (P<0.0001) to -79.1% at Month 13-15 (P<0.0001).1 The median percentage change in tonic seizures was -35.8% over the entire OLE (P<0.0001) and  over time  ranged from -37.1% at Month 4-6 (P<0.0001) to -62.6% at Month 13-15 (P<0.0001).1Within the study  the authors note the reason these data are compelling is because GTCS are commonly observed in patients with LGS.1 Moreover  GTCS may result in bodily injury.7 8 Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) is a major concern for people living with LGS  and patients with a history of GTCS have an estimated 10-fold greater risk of SUDEP.9 10The OLE study also demonstrated that FINTEPLA was generally well tolerated. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events observed in the OLE were decreased appetite  fatigue  nasopharyngitis  and seizure. The cardiovascular safety in this study further corroborates the FINTEPLA safety profiles; no cases of valvular heart disease or pulmonary arterial hypertension were observed.""This open label extension provides strong evidence that FINTEPLA is effective in reducing multiple seizure types associated with LGS  particularly more severe generalized seizures for up to 15 months "" said Brad Chapman  U.S. Head of Epilepsy and Rare Syndromes  UCB. ""We are pleased to be able to offer FINTEPLA to those living with and caring for people with LGS to help reduce the impact of this devastating disease and potentially  improve the quality of life for those living with LGS.""Additional results of the OLE found that approximately one-third of investigators (37.6%) and caregivers (35.2%) rated their patients as ""Much Improved"" or ""Very Much Improved"" on the Clinical Global Impression of Improvement (CGI-I) scale.1FINTEPLA was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of LGS in patients 2 years of age and older in March 2022 and for the treatment of Dravet syndrome (DS) in patients 2 years of age and older in June 2020. UCB acquired Zogenix  Inc. and FINTEPLA in March 2022.Study DesignAs of October 19  2020  247 eligible patients entered the OLE study after the patients completed participation in the multi-center  double-blind  parallel-group Phase 3 clinical trial that enrolled children and adults  age 2 to 35 years  with a confirmed LGS diagnosis who were using stable anti-seizure medication regimens at 65 study sites in North America  Europe  and Australia. In that randomized trial  a total of 263 patients were assigned to receive either FINTEPLA 0.7 mg/kg/day (n=87) or FINTEPLA 0.2 mg/kg/day (n=89) or placebo (n=87). After titration (2-week period)  patients were maintained on their randomized dose for 12 additional weeks.A total of 247 eligible patients with LGS who completed that 14-week randomized Phase 3 clinical trial enrolled in the OLE study. Patients were eligible to enroll if they had not experienced any of the following at the end of the Phase 3 clinical trial: clinically meaningful worsening of seizures  clinically significant laboratory findings  or weight loss greater than 15% during the titration and maintenance period that failed to stabilize. The median age of the patients was 14.3 years. All patients were maintained on a stable antiseizure medication regimen of concomitant antiseizure medications during the entire OLE treatment period  and 88.3% received two to four concomitant antiseizure medications.All patients in the OLE were initially started on FINTEPLA 0.2 mg/kg/day. After one month  they were flexibly titrated to effectiveness and tolerability  up to a maximum of 0.7 mg/kg/day  which were assessed at three-month intervals. They were treated with FINTEPLA for a median treatment duration of 364 days.The Phase 3 clinical trial and OLE study were both sponsored by Zogenix  Inc.  now part of UCB. The trial is still ongoing.About FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) C-IVFINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) oral solution is a prescription medication approved in the U.S.  Europe  and in Japan  for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome in patients two years of age and older. FINTEPLA is also approved in the U.S. for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.2In the U.S.  FINTEPLA is available through a restricted distribution program  called the FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Further information is available at www.FinteplaREMS.com or by telephone at 1-877-964-3649.Please see full Prescribing Information  including Boxed Warning  for additional important information on FINTEPLA.INDICATIONS AND USAGE2FINTEPLA is indicated for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome (DS) and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients 2 years of age and older.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONBOXED WARNING: VALVULAR HEART DISEASE and PULMONARY ARTERIAL HYPERTENSIONThere is an association between serotonergic drugs with 5-HT2B receptor agonist activity  including fenfluramine (the active ingredient in FINTEPLA)  and valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension.Echocardiogram assessments are required before  during  and after treatment with FINTEPLA.FINTEPLA is available only through a restricted program called the FINTEPLA REMS.CONTRAINDICATIONSFINTEPLA is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to fenfluramine or any of the excipients in FINTEPLA and with concomitant use  or within 14 days of the administration of monoamine oxidase inhibitors because of an increased risk of serotonin syndrome.WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSValvular Heart Disease and Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (see Boxed Warning): Because of the association between serotonergic drugs with 5–HT2B receptor agonist activity  including fenfluramine (the active ingredient in FINTEPLA)  and valvular heart disease (VHD) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH)  cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram is required prior to starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with FINTEPLA concludes. Cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram can aid in early detection of these conditions. In clinical trials for DS and LGS of up to 3 years in duration  no patient receiving FINTEPLA developed VHD or PAH.Monitoring : Prior to starting treatment  patients must undergo an echocardiogram to evaluate for VHD and PAH. Echocardiograms should be repeated every 6 months  and once at 3-6 months post treatment with FINTEPLA.The prescriber must consider the benefits versus the risks of initiating or continuing treatment with FINTEPLA if any of the following signs are observed via echocardiogram: valvular abnormality or new abnormality; VHD indicated by mild or greater aortic regurgitation or moderate or greater mitral regurgitation  with additional characteristics of VHD (eg  valve thickening or restrictive valve motion); PAH indicated by elevated right heart/pulmonary artery pressure (PASP >35mmHg).FINTEPLA REMS Program (see Boxed Warning): FINTEPLA is available only through a restricted distribution program called the FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Prescribers must be certified by enrolling in the FINTEPLA REMS. Prescribers must counsel patients receiving FINTEPLA about the risk of valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension  how to recognize signs and symptoms of valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension  the need for baseline (pretreatment) and periodic cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram during FINTEPLA treatment  and cardiac monitoring after FINTEPLA treatment. Patients must enroll in the FINTEPLA REMS and comply with ongoing monitoring requirements. The pharmacy must be certified by enrolling in the FINTEPLA REMS and must only dispense to patients who are authorized to receive FINTEPLA. Wholesalers and distributors must only distribute to certified pharmacies. Further information is available at www.FinteplaREMS.com or by telephone at 1-877-964-3649.Decreased Appetite and Decreased Weight: FINTEPLA can cause decreases in appetite and weight. Decreases in weight appear to be dose related. Approximately half of the patients with LGS and most patients with DS resumed the expected measured increases in weight during the open-label extension studies. Weight should be monitored regularly during treatment with FINTEPLA  and dose modifications should be considered if a decrease in weight is observed.Somnolence  Sedation  and Lethargy: FINTEPLA can cause somnolence  sedation  and lethargy. Other central nervous system (CNS) depressants  including alcohol  could potentiate these effects of FINTEPLA. Prescribers should monitor patients for somnolence and sedation and should advise patients not to drive or operate machinery until they have gained sufficient experience on FINTEPLA to gauge whether it adversely affects their ability to drive or operate machinery.Suicidal Behavior and Ideation: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs)  including FINTEPLA  increase the risk of suicidal thoughts or behaviors in patients taking these drugs for any indication. Patients treated with an AED for any indication should be monitored for the emergence or worsening of depression  suicidal thoughts or behaviors  or any unusual changes in mood or behavior.Anyone considering prescribing FINTEPLA or any other AED must balance the risk of suicidal thoughts or behaviors with the risks of untreated illness. Epilepsy and many other illnesses for which AEDs are prescribed are themselves associated with morbidity and mortality and an increased risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Should suicidal thoughts and behaviors emerge during treatment  consider whether the emergence of these symptoms in any given patient may be related to the illness being treated.Withdrawal of Antiepileptic Drugs: As with most AEDs  FINTEPLA should generally be withdrawn gradually because of the risk of increased seizure frequency and status epilepticus. If withdrawal is needed because of a serious adverse reaction  rapid discontinuation can be considered.Serotonin Syndrome: Serotonin syndrome  a potentially life-threatening condition  may occur with FINTEPLA  particularly during concomitant administration of FINTEPLA with other serotonergic drugs  including  but not limited to  selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs)  selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)  tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)  bupropion  triptans  dietary supplements (eg  St. John's Wort  tryptophan)  drugs that impair metabolism of serotonin (including monoamine oxidase inhibitors [MAOIs]  which are contraindicated with FINTEPLA)  dextromethorphan  lithium  tramadol  and antipsychotics with serotonergic agonist activity. Patients should be monitored for the emergence of signs and symptoms of serotonin syndrome  which include mental status changes (eg  agitation  hallucinations  coma)  autonomic instability (eg  tachycardia  labile blood pressure  hyperthermia)  neuromuscular signs (eg  hyperreflexia  incoordination)  and/or gastrointestinal symptoms (eg  nausea  vomiting  diarrhea). If serotonin syndrome is suspected  treatment with FINTEPLA should be stopped immediately and symptomatic treatment should be started.Increase in Blood Pressure: FINTEPLA can cause an increase in blood pressure. Rare cases of significant elevation in blood pressure  including hypertensive crisis  has been reported in adult patients treated with fenfluramine  including patients without a history of hypertension. In clinical trials for DS and LGS of up to 3 years in duration  no pediatric or adult patient receiving FINTEPLA developed hypertensive crisis. Monitor blood pressure in patients treated with FINTEPLA.Glaucoma: Fenfluramine can cause mydriasis and can precipitate angle closure glaucoma. Consider discontinuing treatment with FINTEPLA in patients with acute decreases in visual acuity or ocular pain.ADVERSE REACTIONSThe most common adverse reactions observed in DS studies (incidence at least 10% and greater than placebo) were decreased appetite; somnolence  sedation  lethargy; diarrhea; constipation; abnormal echocardiogram; fatigue  malaise  asthenia; ataxia  balance disorder  gait disturbance; blood pressure increased; drooling  salivary hypersecretion; pyrexia; upper respiratory tract infection; vomiting; decreased weight; fall; status epilepticus.The most common adverse reactions observed in the LGS study (incidence at least 10% and greater than placebo) were diarrhea; decreased appetite; fatigue; somnolence; vomiting.DRUG INTERACTIONSStrong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A Inducers: Coadministration with strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducers will decrease fenfluramine plasma concentrations. If coadministration of a strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducer with FINTEPLA is necessary  monitor the patient for reduced efficacy and consider increasing the dosage of FINTEPLA as needed. If a strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducer is discontinued during maintenance treatment with FINTEPLA  consider gradual reduction in the FINTEPLA dosage to the dose administered prior to initiating the inducer.Strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 Inhibitors: Coadministration with strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors will increase fenfluramine plasma concentrations. If FINTEPLA is coadministered with strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors  the maximum daily dosage of FINTEPLA is 20 mg. If a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor is discontinued during maintenance treatment with FINTEPLA  consider gradual increase in the FINTEPLA dosage to the dose recommended without CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors. If FINTEPLA is coadministered with stiripentol and a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor  the maximum daily dosage of FINTEPLA is 17 mg.USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSAdministration to patients with hepatic impairment is not recommended.To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS  contact Zogenix Inc. at 1-866-964-3649 (1-866-Zogenix) or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch.Please see full Prescribing Information  including Boxed Warning  for additional important information on FINTEPLA.For further information  contact UCB:U.S. Brand and Media RelationsErica Puntel  U.S. Media RelationsT +404 938 5359Erica.puntel@ucb.comInvestor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.9414antje.witte@ucb.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.8 billion in 2021. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCBUSA.Forward looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including but not limited to  the ability of UCB to successfully integrate the operations of Zogenix as planned or at all  estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB' efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.ReferencesKnupp K  Scheffer I  Ceuleman B  et al. Fenfluramine provides clinically meaningful reduction in frequency of drop seizures in patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: interim analysis of an open-label extension study. Epilepsia. 2022;00:1–13. FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) oral solution CIV. U.S. Prescribing Information. March 2022. Strzelczyk A  Schubert-Bast S. Expanding the treatment landscape for Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome: current and future strategies. CNS Drugs. 2021;35(1):61-83. Arzimanoglou A  French J  Blume WT  et al. Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: a consensus approach on diagnosis  assessment  management  and trial methodology. Lancet Neurol. 2009;8(1):82-93. LGS Foundation. LGS characteristics and major concerns survey. https://www.lgsfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/2019-PFDD-Caregiver-Survey-1.pdf. Accessed March 2022. Data on file  Zogenix  Inc. 2021. Cross JH  Auvin S  Falip M  Striano P  Arzimanoglou A. Expert opinion on the management of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: treatment algorithms and practical considerations. Front Neurol.2017;8:505. Gastaut H  Roger J  Soulayrol R  et al. Childhood epileptic encephalopathy with diffuse slow spike-waves (otherwise known as ""petit mal variant"") or Lennox syndrome. Epilepsia. 1966;7(2):139-179. Sveinsson O  Andersson T  Mattsson P  Carlsson S  Tomson T. Clinical risk factors in SUDEP: a nationwide population-based case-control study. Neurology. 2020;94(4):e419-e429. Cross JH  Galer BS  Gil-Nagel A  et al. Impact of fenfluramine on the expected SUDEP mortality rates in patients with Dravet syndrome. Seizure. 2021;93:154-159.FINTEPLA® is a registered trademark of the UCB Group of Companies.©2022 UCB  Inc.  Smyrna  GA 30080. All rights reserved. US-P-FA-LGS-2200002CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/epilepsia-publishes-interim-results-of-open-label-extension-study-of-fintepla-fenfluramine-oral-solution-in-patients-with-lennox-gastaut-syndrome-lgs-301685487.htmlSOURCE UCB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.24,0.4,True,English,"['FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) Oral Solution', 'Open-Label Extension Study', 'Interim Results', 'Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome', 'Epilepsia', 'Patients', 'LGS', 'common treatment-emergent adverse events', 'sustained, clinically meaningful reductions', 'current anti-epileptic treatment regimen', 'important long-term therapeutic option', 'Phase 3 open-label extension study', 'important therapeutic option', 'open label extension', 'long-term open-label extension', 'pulmonary arterial hypertension', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'severe childhood-onset developmental', 'sudden unexpected death', 'Clinical Global Im', 'valvular heart disease', 'median percentage change', 'multiple seizure types', 'median treatment duration', 'efficacy interim analysis', '10-fold greater risk', 'generalized tonic-clonic seizures', 'severe generalized seizures', 'U.S. Head', 'up to 15 months', 'The OLE study', 'FINTEPLA safety profile', 'OLE) study results', 'sustained efficacy', 'Long-term efficacy', 'long-term safety', 'U.S.6', 'sustained reduction', 'devastating disease', 'cardiovascular safety', 'safety findings', 'greater reduction', 'Peer-reviewed results', 'significant reduction', 'growing body', 'Study participants', 'epileptic encephalopathy', 'high morbidity3', 'serious impairment', 'neurodevelopmental, cognitive', 'motor functions', 'reaching effects', 'psychiatric symptoms', 'behavioral challenges', 'robust reduction', 'Kelly Knupp', 'M.D.', 'Associate Professor', 'Hospital Colorado', 'principal investigator', 'high burden', 'randomized baseline', 'entire OLE', 'bodily injury', 'major concern', 'strong evidence', 'Brad Chapman', 'Rare Syndromes', 'Additional results', '30,000 to 50,000 people', 'motor seizures', 'atonic seizures', 'drug-resistant seizures', 'LGS treatment', 'FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine', 'adjunctive FINTEPLA', 'monthly frequency', 'secondary GTCS', 'LGS patients', 'FINTEPLA ®', 'drop', 'fall', 'data', 'cases', '2 years', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'UCB', 'Euronext', 'publication', 'CIV', 'Epilepsia', '364 days', 'issues', 'communication', 'sleep', 'mobility', 'epilepsy', 'MSCS', 'FAES', 'Children', 'tolerability', 'time', 'medication', 'Story', 'pre', 'one-third', 'authors', 'reason', 'SUDEP', 'appetite', 'fatigue', 'nasopharyngitis', 'impact', 'quality', 'life', 'investigators', 'caregivers']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13632,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-group-announces-presentation-leniolisib-060000987.html,Pharming Group announces presentation of new leniolisib data at 2022 ASH Annual Meeting,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today that new clinical data for leniolisib  an oral  ...","Presentation to highlight data from the ongoing long-term open-label extension study of leniolisib  a PI3Kδ inhibitor under investigation for APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today that new clinical data for leniolisib  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  an investigational treatment for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS)  a rare primary immunodeficiency  will be presented by V. Koneti Rao  MD  FRCPA  staff physician in the Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic at the National Institute of Health in Bethesda  Maryland  at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and Exposition  in New Orleans  Louisiana taking place from Saturday  December 10 through Tuesday  December 13  2022.Pharming Group NV logoInformation regarding Pharming's data presentation can be found below  and on the ASH conference website: https://www.hematology.org/meetings/annual-meeting.Presentation title: Interim Analysis of Safety and Hematological Parameters of an Ongoing Long-Term Open-Label Extension Study of Investigational PI3Kδ Inhibitor Leniolisib for Patients with Activated PI3Kδ Delta Syndrome (APDS) through December 2021Presentation type: oralSession name: 203. Lymphocytes and Acquired or Congenital Immunodeficiency Disorders: Delineating Immunity from Mice to HumansAbstract number: 608Session date and time: Monday  December 12  2022 from 10:30AM – 12:30PM CSTPresentation date and time: Monday  December 12  2022 at 10:45AM CSTLocation: Room: Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  278-282About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.1 2 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 3 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.Story continuesAbout LeniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014; 15:88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016; 138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019; 143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017; 139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018; 9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018; 9:338.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-group-announces-presentation-of-new-leniolisib-data-at-2022-ash-annual-meeting-301685691.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.23,0.31,True,English,"['new leniolisib data', '2022 ASH Annual Meeting', 'Pharming Group', 'presentation', 'ongoing long-term open-label extension study', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'Phase II/III registration-enabling study', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Pharming Group NV logo', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic', 'Activated PI3Kδ Delta Syndrome', 'normal immune system function', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'V. Koneti Rao', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'adaptive immune system', 'innate immune system', '64th American Society', 'ASH conference website', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'effective therapeutic target', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'Investigational PI3Kδ Inhibitor Leniolisib', 'Congenital Immunodeficiency Disorders', 'numerous cellular functions', 'protein replacement therapies', 'white blood cells', 'permanent lung damage', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'class IA PI3K', 'new clinical data', 'immune function', 'delta isoform', 'investigational treatment', 'immune cells', 'immune diseases', 'New Orleans', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'cell functions', 'gene therapies', 'clinical trials', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'staff physician', 'National Institute', 'Interim Analysis', 'Hematological Parameters', 'Session name', 'Abstract number', '10:45AM CST', 'Balanced signaling', 'progressive disease', 'genetic testing', 'hematopoietic cells', 'cell survival', 'hematopoietic origin', 'central role', 'lesser extent', 'T cells', 'human trial', 'healthy subjects', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'preclinical studies', 'product candidates', 'data presentation', 'Presentation title', 'Presentation type', 'Session date', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', 'cytokine production', 'Presentation date', 'Phase 1', 'PI3Kα', 'PI3Kβ', 'PI3Kγ', 'APDS', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'MD', 'FRCPA', 'Bethesda', 'Maryland', 'Hematology', 'Exposition', 'Louisiana', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Tuesday', 'Information', 'annual-meeting', 'Safety', 'Patients', 'Lymphocytes', 'Immunity', 'Mice', 'Humans', 'time', 'Monday', '10:30AM', '12:30PM', 'Location', 'Room', 'million', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'enteropathy', 'symptoms', 'variety', 'conditions', 'lymphoma', 'Story', 'conversion', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'B-cells', 'neutrophils', 'macrophages', 'valid', 'lives', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'respect', 'timing']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13633,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221123005170/en/Successful-Launch-of-EUTELSAT-10B-A-Satellite-Bringing-New-Inflight-and-Maritime-Connectivity-Services,Successful Launch of EUTELSAT 10B: A Satellite Bringing New Inflight and Maritime Connectivity Services,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) has announced that the EUTELSAT 10B satellite was successfully launched into Geostationary Transfer Orbit by American space launch provider SpaceX using a Falcon 9 expendab…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) has announced that the EUTELSAT 10B satellite was successfully launched into Geostationary Transfer Orbit by American space launch provider SpaceX using a Falcon 9 expendable rocket that lifted off from Cape Canaveral  Florida  USA at 21.57 pm Eastern time on November 22nd (corresponding to 2.57 am UTC and 3.57 am CET on November 23rd). The separation of the all-electric satellite occurred after a 37-minute flight and the spacecraft systems checkout was then successfully completed over a period of approximately 3 hours.Built by Thales Alenia Space  EUTELSAT 10B is an all-electric satellite based on the Spacebus NEO platform. The satellite embarks a powerful 5th generation digital transparent processor  offering capacity allocation flexibility and an optimal spectrum use.Responding to strong growth in demand for mobile connectivity  EUTELSAT 10B is carrying two multi-beam HTS Ku-band payloads: a high-capacity payload  covering the North Atlantic corridor  Europe  the Mediterranean basin and the Middle East  offering significant throughput in the busiest air and sea traffic zones  and a second payload to extend coverage across the Atlantic Ocean  Africa and the Indian Ocean. The satellite’s HTS payloads will be able to process more than 50 GHz of bandwidth  offering a throughput of approximately 35 Gbps.Firm multi-year capacity commitments have already been secured with several leading in-flight connectivity service providers  representing more than one third of the incremental HTS capacity. These partners will rely on EUTELSAT 10B to provide airlines with in-flight connectivity services.The 10° East location that EUTELSAT 10B will occupy has been operated by Eutelsat since 1987 and provides unrivalled coverage in the heart of the European  Middle Eastern and African regions. The EUTELSAT 10B satellite specifically carries two widebeam payloads in C-band and in Ku-band to ensure continuity of the missions of the EUTELSAT 10A satellite  whose operational life is scheduled to end in 2023.Eva Berneke  Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer  said: ""Congratulations to all the teams  from Thales Alenia Space to SpaceX  and the dedicated Eutelsat launch campaign team  involved in this successful launch. EUTELSAT 10B satellite boosts our global connectivity services with High Throughput capacity  meeting increasing in-flight and maritime demand.”Pascal Homsy  Eutelsat Chief Technical Officer  added: “This is the fourth launch for Eutelsat in just under three consecutive months  quite a remarkable and unequalled technical achievement; congratulations to all! EUTELSAT 10B’s Ku-band payload complements the Ka-band of the EUTELSAT KONNECT VHTS satellite  launched in September 2022  reflecting our ability to serve our customers in both Ka- and Ku-bands with the best-in-class space assets.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.com",neutral,0.21,0.79,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Maritime Connectivity Services', 'Successful Launch', 'EUTELSAT 10B', 'A Satellite', 'New Inflight', 'powerful 5th generation digital transparent processor', 'dedicated Eutelsat launch campaign team', 'American space launch provider SpaceX', 'two multi-beam HTS Ku-band payloads', 'Firm multi-year capacity commitments', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'Eutelsat Chief Technical Officer', 'EUTELSAT KONNECT VHTS satellite', 'flight connectivity service providers', 'two widebeam payloads', 'incremental HTS capacity', 'unequalled technical achievement', 'Thales Alenia Space', 'class space assets', 'uncluttered space environment', 'capacity allocation flexibility', 'Falcon 9 expendable rocket', 'spacecraft systems checkout', 'Spacebus NEO platform', 'optimal spectrum use', 'sea traffic zones', 'three consecutive months', 'leading media groups', 'Geostationary Transfer Orbit', 'North Atlantic corridor', 'flight connectivity services', 'European, Middle Eastern', 'global connectivity services', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'one billion viewers', 'High Throughput capacity', 'leading satellite operators', 'EUTELSAT 10A satellite', 'EUTELSAT 10B satellite', 'HTS payloads', 'digital divide', 'mobile connectivity', 'successful launch', 'fourth launch', 'several leading', 'electric satellite', '37-minute flight', 'Atlantic Ocean', 'one third', 'global fleet', 'orbit resources', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Cape Canaveral', 'strong growth', 'high-capacity payload', 'Mediterranean basin', 'significant throughput', 'busiest air', 'second payload', 'Indian Ocean', 'African regions', 'operational life', 'Eva Berneke', 'Pascal Homsy', 'ground infrastructure', '7,000 television channels', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'sustainable development', 'business activities', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'Euronext Paris', '10° East location', 'unrivalled coverage', 'maritime demand', 'ETL', 'Florida', 'USA', 'November', 'separation', 'period', '3 hours', '50 GHz', 'bandwidth', '35 Gbps', 'partners', 'airlines', 'heart', 'C-band', 'continuity', 'missions', 'teams', 'remarkable', 'congratulations', 'Ka-band', 'September', 'ability', 'customers', 'Ku-bands', 'world', 'satellites', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'Data', 'Government', 'Fixed', 'facets', 'safe', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', '21.57', '2.57']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13634,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/norsk-hydro-successful-placement-sustainability-153900828.html,Norsk Hydro: Successful placement of new sustainability linked bonds,Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement on November 21  2022. Norsk Hydro ASA has today completed a successful placement of new senior unsecured...,Norsk HydroReference is made to the stock exchange announcement on November 21  2022.Norsk Hydro ASA has today completed a successful placement of new senior unsecured sustainability linked bonds with a total amount of NOK 3 000 million. The transaction is split between two tranches:- 6 year NOK 1 500 million with a floating rate of 3m Nibor + 2.000% p.a.- 6 year NOK 1 500 million with a fixed rate of 5.257% p.a.“We are very pleased to be the first investment grade Norwegian company having issued sustainability linked bonds. This is the first issuance under Hydro's Green and sustainability linked financing framework and EMTN Programme and a proof of our commitment to deliver on our ambitious roadmap to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and increase our recycling of post-consumer scrap. These are key pillars to deliver on our strategy of strengthening our position in low-carbon aluminium and maintaining our strong competitive industry position. Interest from investors has been very strong and we have accomplished competitive terms given current market conditions ” says CFO Pål Kildemo.The proceeds from the bond issuances are for general corporate purposes. An application will be made for the bonds to be listed at the Oslo Stock Exchange. Danske Bank  Nordea and SEB have acted as Joint Bookrunners for the bond issuance.Norsk Hydro ASA established a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) programme on November 7  2022. The EMTN programme provides a framework for issuance of euro medium term notes up to an aggregate amount of EUR 5 billion. The prospectus  which has been prepared by Norsk Hydro ASA in connection with the establishment of the EMTN programme  has been approved by Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland.For further information  please contact:Investors:Line Haugetraa+47 41406376Line.Haugetraa@hydro.comMedia:Halvor Molland+47 92979797Halvor.Molland@hydro.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act,positive,0.53,0.46,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['new sustainability linked bonds', 'Norsk Hydro', 'Successful placement', 'new senior unsecured sustainability linked bonds', 'first investment grade Norwegian company', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'CFO Pål Kildemo', 'Euro Medium Term Note', 'sustainability linked financing framework', 'strong competitive industry position', 'stock exchange announcement', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'current market conditions', 'general corporate purposes', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norsk Hydro ASA', 'The EMTN programme', 'first issuance', 'competitive terms', 'EMTN) programme', 'successful placement', 'total amount', 'two tranches', 'floating rate', '3m Nibor', 'fixed rate', 'ambitious roadmap', 'post-consumer scrap', 'key pillars', 'low-carbon aluminium', 'bond issuances', 'Danske Bank', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'aggregate amount', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Central Bank', 'disclosure requirements', '6 year NOK', 'Line Haugetraa', 'Halvor Molland', 'Reference', 'November', 'transaction', 'proof', 'commitment', 'recycling', 'strategy', 'Interest', 'investors', 'proceeds', 'application', 'Nordea', 'SEB', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'establishment', 'Ireland', 'information', 'Media', 'Section', '2.000']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13635,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221122005868/en/Suspension-of-Technip-Energies%E2%80%99-Liquidity-Contract,Suspension of Technip Energies’ Liquidity Contract,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Technip Energies N.V. (Paris:TE) (ISIN:NL0014559478) announces that the liquidity agreement entered into with Kepler Cheuvreux dated July 9  2021 (the ""Liquidity Agreement"")  has been suspended as of November 22  2022 …","PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Technip Energies N.V. (Paris:TE) (ISIN:NL0014559478) announces that the liquidity agreement entered into with Kepler Cheuvreux dated July 9  2021 (the ""Liquidity Agreement"")  has been suspended as of November 22  2022  pending renewal of the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders authorizing share buybacks.The number of shares and amount allocated as of November 22  2022  close of trading  to the Liquidity Contract was 8 900 shares and €9 780 454.34. As a reminder  the securities and amounts that were allocated to the Liquidity Agreement as of June 30  2022  were 207 823 shares and €6 832 747.61.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The Company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by an extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients’ innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter. For further information: www.technipenergies.com.",neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Technip Energies’ Liquidity Contract', 'Suspension', 'robust project delivery model', 'Technip Energies N.V.', 'clients’ innovative projects', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'growing market positions', 'Technip Energies shares', 'leadership positions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'liquidity agreement', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'general meeting', 'share buybacks', 'Liquidity Contract', 'leading Engineering', 'Technology company', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'The Company', 'services offering', 'Paris:TE', 'Euronext Paris', 'green hydrogen', '8,900 shares', '207,823 shares', 'November', 'renewal', 'resolution', 'shareholders', 'number', 'amount', 'trading', 'reminder', 'securities', 'June', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADR', 'program', 'counter', 'information', 'technipenergies']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13636,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asml-supervisory-board-changes-announced-070500829.html,ASML Supervisory Board changes announced,ASML Supervisory Board changes announced VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  November 23  2022 – ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces that Gerard Kleisterlee and...,ASML Netherlands BVASML Supervisory Board changes announcedVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  November 23  2022 – ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces that Gerard Kleisterlee and Rolf-Dieter Schwalb will not stand for re-election as members of the Supervisory Board at the end of their current terms  which end per the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM) on April 26  2023.The Supervisory Board expresses its thanks to Gerard and Rolf-Dieter  who have served on the Supervisory Board since 2015  for their valuable contributions  in particular as Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Selection & Nomination Committee and as Chairman of the Audit Committee respectively. The Supervisory Board wishes Gerard and Rolf-Dieter all the best for the future.The Supervisory Board intends to nominate Nils Andersen for appointment as a member of the Supervisory Board effective from the 2023 AGM  with the intention to elect him as Chairman following his appointment. Nils Andersen  a Danish citizen  is currently Chair of Unilever Plc and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Akzo Nobel N.V. – he will step down from the latter prior to ASML’s 2023 AGM. Nils was Group Chief Executive of A.P. Møller - Mærsk from 2007 until 2016 and had previously been President and Chief Executive Officer of Carlsberg and Carlsberg Breweries.“We are very pleased to nominate Nils Andersen for appointment to our Supervisory Board. Nils brings a wealth of experience gained during his extensive international career both in executive and non-executive roles. We are confident that the Supervisory Board will highly benefit from Nils’s broad knowledge and leadership experience ” said Annet Aris  Vice Chair of the Supervisory Board.The Supervisory Board also intends to nominate Jack de Kreij for appointment as a member of the Supervisory Board effective from the 2023 AGM  with the intention to elect him as Chairman of the Audit Committee following his appointment. Jack de Kreij  a Dutch citizen  currently is the Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee at TomTom N.V.  Wolters Kluwer N.V.  and member of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee at Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V.. Jack was CFO and a member of the Executive Board of Royal Vopak N.V. from 2003 to 2018  and Vice Chairman of the Executive Board since 2010. He previously worked at PwC from 1986 until 2003  including as a (senior) partner from 1990.Story continues“We are very happy to nominate Jack de Kreij for appointment to the Supervisory Board. With his extensive experience at various multinational companies and his financial expertise  we are convinced that Jack will be a valuable contributor to the Supervisory Board ” said Gerard Kleisterlee  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Ryan Young +1 480 205 8659 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 37 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.11,0.04,True,English,"['ASML Supervisory Board changes', 'Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V..', 'Royal Vopak N.V.', 'Akzo Nobel N.V.', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'A.P. Møller', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'TomTom N.V.', 'ASML Supervisory Board changes', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'various multinational companies', 'Group Chief Executive', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jack de Kreij', 'extensive international career', 'The Supervisory Board', 'ASML Netherlands BV', 'Mærsk', 'career opportunities', 'Executive Board', 'extensive experience', 'current terms', 'valuable contributions', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Danish citizen', 'Unilever Plc', 'non-executive roles', 'broad knowledge', 'Annet Aris', 'Dutch citizen', 'senior) partner', 'financial expertise', 'valuable contributor', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Ryan Young', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'multinational company', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leadership experience', 'Gerard Kleisterlee', 'Nils Andersen', 'Carlsberg Breweries', 'Vice Chair', 'Rolf-Dieter Schwalb', 'groundbreaking technology', 'Chairman', 'VELDHOVEN', 'election', 'members', 'end', 'AGM', 'April', 'thanks', 'future', 'appointment', 'intention', 'President', 'wealth', 'CFO', 'PwC', 'Story', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', '37,500 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-orange-signs-agreement-194500800.html,Press release: Orange signs an agreement for a Sustainability-linked refinancing of its €6bn syndicated credit facility with 27 banks,Paris  23 November 2022 Orange signs an agreement for a Sustainability-linked refinancing of its €6bn syndicated credit facility with 27 banks Orange signed ...,"OrangeParis  23 November 2022Orange signs an agreement for a Sustainability-linked refinancing of its €6bn syndicated credit facility with 27 banksOrange signed today with 27 international banks a new Sustainability-linked multi-currency EUR 6 billion syndicated revolving facility in order to refinance in advance the existing facility expiring December 2023.This Sustainability-linked refinancing reflects the Group's commitments in terms of environmental and social responsibility  as the margin is linked to the achievement of sustainability targets relating to CO2 emissions (Scopes 1 & 2  Scope 3)  supporting its aim to become Net Zero Carbon by 2040  and gender diversity.Commenting on this announcement  Ramon Fernandez  Group Chief Financial Officer  said:“This refinancing is part of the Group’s prudent liquidity management  and the high oversubscription demonstrates the strong support of Orange’s core relationship financial partners. Through this Sustainability-linked transaction  we reaffirm Orange’s strong social and environmental commitments which are at the center of its Purpose  and our ambition to tie our financing policy with our CSR strategy”.The new facility  which has an initial November 2027 maturity  includes two one-year extension options. Such extension options can be exercised by Orange and are subject to the banks’ approval.This refinancing is secured at attractive conditions  with an opening margin of 25 basis points per year. A Sustainability-linked adjustment will provide for a maximum discount or premium of 2.25 basis points.For this transaction  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank acted as ESG Coordinator and Facility Agent. Bank of America and Natixis acted as Documentation Agents and Coordinators. The credit facility has been committed by 27 leading global financial institutions  among which the same pool as the previous facility who reconfirmed their support to Orange  and three additional international banks in order to reflect Orange’s business evolution.Story continuesAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 2021 and 136 500 employees worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 286 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 240 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contact:Tom Wright: tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['€6bn syndicated credit facility', 'Press release', 'Sustainability-linked refinancing', 'Orange', 'agreement', '27 banks', 'new Sustainability-linked multi-currency EUR 6 billion syndicated revolving facility', 'New York Stock Exchange', '€6bn syndicated credit facility', 'Crédit Agricole Corporate', 'core relationship financial partners', 'two one-year extension options', '24 million fixed broadband customers', '27 leading global financial institutions', 'three additional international banks', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Such extension options', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Net Zero Carbon', 'prudent liquidity management', 'initial November 2027 maturity', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'total customer base', 'Engage 2025"" strategic plan', '240 million mobile customers', 'new facility', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '42.5 billion euros', 'Orange Business Services', '286 million customers', '27 international banks', 'Sustainability-linked adjustment', 'existing facility', 'Facility Agent', 'previous facility', 'leading provider', 'global IT', 'telecommunication services', 'Sustainability-linked refinancing', 'Sustainability-linked transaction', 'banks’ approval', 'sustainability targets', 'CO2 emissions', 'gender diversity', 'Ramon Fernandez', 'high oversubscription', 'financing policy', 'CSR strategy', '25 basis points', 'maximum discount', 'ESG Coordinator', 'Documentation Agents', 'same pool', 'business evolution', 'multinational companies', 'operator model', 'growth areas', 'innovation model', 'responsible employer', 'emerging professions', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', 'Press contact', 'Tom Wright', 'social responsibility', 'strong social', 'environmental accountability', 'strong support', 'attractive conditions', 'opening margin', 'Investment Bank', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'environmental commitments', '27 banks', 'agreement', 'order', 'advance', 'terms', 'achievement', 'Scopes', 'aim', 'announcement', 'center', 'Purpose', 'ambition', 'premium', 'America', 'Natixis', 'Coordinators', 'Story', 'world', 'sales', '136,500 employees', '30 September', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'December', 'data', 'heart', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '23', '2040', '2021']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/manutan-financial-2021-2022-growing-170000255.html,Manutan : Financial year 2021/2022 : Growing turnover and increasing profits for the Group,Financial notice of November 23  2022 Financial year 2021/2022:Growing turnover and increasing profits for the Group In millions of euros 2021/2022 2020/2021...,Manutan InternationalFinancial notice of November 23  2022Financial year 2021/2022:Growing turnover and increasing profits for the GroupIn millions of euros2021/20222020/2021VariationTurnover 906.5 819.9 +10.6% Current operating profit 65.3 59.3 +10.2% Operating profit 66.6 59.2 +12.4% Net income 50.8 42.3 +20.2%Strong growth momentum continued throughout the financial yearDuring the financial year 2021/2022  Manutan Group's turnover reached € 906.5 million compared to € 819.9 million the previous year  representing an increase of +10.6% (up +9.8% at constant exchange rates and days  with a +0.6% exchange rate effect and a +0.2% days effect). This performance was driven by the Enterprise Division  which grew in all geographic areas. The activity of the Local Authorities division remained stable compared to the previous year.Une rentabilité opérationnelle en hausse de 12 4%The Group's operating profitability was 7.3% compared with 7.2% for the previous year. This is mainly due to:The growth in business over the year;The controlled evolution of the commercial margin rate in an inflationary context  which stands at 37.3% compared to 36.9% for the previous financial year;Efficient running costs management  with a rate of 30.1% of turnover  despite the higher costs incurred in the web and in the technological platform to support development;Favorable non-current items (€1.2 million over the period compared to €0.1 million for fiscal year 2020/2021)  as a result of a reversal of a provision on a real estate asset.Net income up by 20.2%Net income amounted to 5.6% of turnover  compared with 5.2% the previous year. The increase in net income includes:An improvement in financial results  thanks in particular to currency fluctuations and the hedge instruments put in place;An effective tax rate of 24.4% of pre-tax income  linked to the lower corporate income tax rate in France.DividendsIn light of the results recorded and the economic situation  the payment of a dividend per share of 1.80 euro (i.e. a total dividend of 13.7 million euro for the 7 600 229 shares issued (excluding treasury shares)) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held in March 2023 to approve the financial statements for the year ending September 30  2022.Story continuesA robust financial positionThe Group has maintained a financial structure and a cash level that allows it to finance its activities and investments in the current economic circumstances. The Group has 110 million euro in free cash flow and its financial debt (including impact of the implementation of IFRS 16 on leasing debts) represents 5.1% of the total balance sheet at September 30  2022.Outlook for financial year 2022/2023Given the inflationary and still uncertain environment  which limits visibility for the coming year  the Group will pursue its development strategy while protecting its profitability. This strategy will notably involve extending the range of responsible products and services  as well as strengthening the hybrid business model combining digital  personalized omnichannel client approach and operational agility  all necessary in the current economic context.*********************About the Manutan GroupA family-run business created in 1966  Manutan is one of Europe’s leading B2B e-commerce companies specialized in the distribution of equipment and supplies  thanks to a model that allies the strengths of digital to a human ambition.Its vast range of carefully selected products and services enables its customers – be they in the private sector  the public sector  or the trade – to operate efficiently and sustainably on a daily basis  along with the implementation of a purchasing optimization strategy.With 27 subsidiaries established in 17 countries in Europe  the Group has more than 2 200 employees and a turnover of 820 million euros in 2020/2021. Manutan France is awarded Best Workplaces 2022 and 9 other subsidiaries among the Group are certified Great Place to Work.Manutan International is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment B- ISIN: FR0000032302-MAN.www . m anutan . co mNext publication : Q1 2022/2023 TurnoverScheduled for January 18  2023 (after market closure).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Financial year', 'Manutan', 'turnover', 'profits', 'Group', 'digital, personalized omnichannel client approach', 'lower corporate income tax rate', 'leading B2B e-commerce companies', 'Efficient running costs management', 'effective tax rate', 'constant exchange rates', 'rentabilité opérationnelle', 'commercial margin rate', 'Favorable non-current items', 'real estate asset', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Compartment B- ISIN', 'current economic circumstances', '+0.6% exchange rate effect', 'Local Authorities division', 'free cash flow', 'total balance sheet', 'robust financial position', 'current economic context', 'Strong growth momentum', 'purchasing optimization strategy', 'Current operating profit', 'hybrid business model', 'previous financial year', 'higher costs', 'economic situation', 'Net income', 'Enterprise Division', 'pre-tax income', 'total dividend', 'cash level', 'Financial notice', 'financial statements', 'financial structure', 'financial debt', 'previous year', '+0.2% days effect', 'geographic areas', 'controlled evolution', 'inflationary context', 'technological platform', 'currency fluctuations', 'hedge instruments', 'uncertain environment', 'operational agility', 'family-run business', 'human ambition', 'private sector', 'public sector', 'daily basis', 'Best Workplaces', 'Euronext Paris', 'Next publication', 'market closure', 'fiscal year', 'coming year', 'operating profitability', 'Manutan International', 'financial results', '13.7 million euro', '110 million euro', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'development strategy', 'responsible products', 'vast range', '820 million euros', '9 other subsidiaries', 'Great Place', 'Manutan Group', 'Manutan France', 'Growing turnover', '1.80 euro', '7,600,229 shares', '27 subsidiaries', 'November', 'profits', 'millions', 'Variation', 'increase', 'performance', 'activity', 'hausse', 'web', 'period', 'reversal', 'provision', 'improvement', 'Dividends', 'light', 'payment', 'Shareholders', 'March', 'September', 'Story', 'activities', 'investments', 'impact', 'implementation', 'IFRS', 'debts', 'Outlook', 'visibility', 'services', 'Europe', 'distribution', 'equipment', 'supplies', 'strengths', 'customers', 'trade', '17 countries', '2,200 employees', 'Q1', 'January', 'Attachment', '7.2', '36', '20.']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000975.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6955 £ 24.3103 Estimated MTD return -1.48 % -1.42 % Estimated YTD return -5.15 % -3.93 % Estimated ITD return 176.95 % 143.10 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.40 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.9906 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.6723The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561339/0/en/Awilco-Drilling-PLC-Change-of-listing-and-Notice-for-Extraordinary-General-Meeting.html,Awilco Drilling PLC: Change of listing and Notice for Extraordinary General Meeting,"After the sale of the WilHunter and the WilPhoenix  the operations of Awilco Drilling PLC (the ""Company"") consist only of the arbitration proceedings against Keppel FELS. In light of this  the board of directors has concluded that the listing of the Company's…","After the sale of the WilHunter and the WilPhoenix  the operations of Awilco Drilling PLC (the ""Company"") consist only of the arbitration proceedings against Keppel FELS. In light of this  the board of directors has concluded that the listing of the Company's shares should be transferred from the Main List of the Oslo Stock Exchange to Euronext Growth Oslo. Accordingly  Awilco Drilling has today initiated a process towards an admission of its shares to trading on Euronext Growth Oslo. The transfer of the listing is expected to be completed during December 2022. At the same time  Awilco Drilling convenes an extraordinary general meeting to authorize an application for a de-listing from the Main List of the Oslo Stock Exchange. The extraordinary general meeting will be held on 8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon (UK time). Notice for the extraordinary general meeting is hereby attached. Given the changes in the nature of the Company's operations  a new article in the Company’s Articles of Association is proposed that gives the Board authority to change the Company’s name if and when deemed appropriate. To give the Company flexibility to finance the arbitration proceedings against Keppel FELS  the board of directors also ask the general meeting to approve a consolidation of the existing shares  where every 100 ordinary shares of £0.0065 each in the capital of the Company will be consolidated into one ordinary share of £0.65  as well as an authorisation to increase the Company's share capital by GBP 7 000 000  which will permit the issuance of up to 10 769 231 new shares after the consolidation.Aberdeen  23 November 2022For further information please contact:Eric Jacobs  CEOPhone: +44 1224 737900Cathrine Haavind  Investor RelationsPhone: +47 93 42 84 64Email: ch@awilcodrilling.comThis information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Awilco Drilling PLC', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Change', 'listing', 'Notice', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'one ordinary share', 'Awilco Drilling PLC', '100 ordinary shares', 'arbitration proceedings', 'Keppel FELS', 'Main List', 'same time', 'UK time', 'new article', 'share capital', 'Eric Jacobs', 'Cathrine Haavind', 'Investor Relations', 'disclosure requirements', 'existing shares', '10,769,231 new shares', 'Company flexibility', 'sale', 'WilHunter', 'WilPhoenix', 'operations', 'light', 'board', 'directors', 'listing', 'process', 'transfer', 'December', 'application', '12:00 noon', 'Notice', 'changes', 'nature', 'Articles', 'Association', 'authority', 'name', 'consolidation', 'authorisation', 'GBP', 'issuance', 'Aberdeen', 'information', 'CEO', 'Phone', 'Email', 'section', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561803/0/en/Availability-of-half-year-financial-report-2022-2023-period-ended-on-September-30-2022.html,Availability of half-year financial report 2022-2023 (period ended on September 30  2022),Availability of half-year financial report 2022-2023 (period ended on September 30  2022)  Bernin (Grenoble)  France  on November 23  2022 – Soitec......,"English FrenchAvailability of half-year financial report 2022-2023 (period ended on September 30  2022)Bernin (Grenoble)  France  on November 23  2022 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announces that it has made available to the public and filed with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) its half-year financial report 2022-2023 (period ended on September 30  2022).The French version of the half-year financial report 2022-2023 is available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Entreprise - Investisseurs - Rapports financiers - Tous les rapports – 2022-2023  HERE.An English courtesy translation for information purposes is available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports - All Financial Reports – 2022-2023  HERE.###About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies and semiconductor expertise to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 500 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to answer its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the U.S. and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: ""We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences. »Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_EN.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['half-year financial report', 'Availability', 'period', 'September', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French stock market authority', 'R&D centers', 'half-year financial report', 'English courtesy translation', 'sustainable life experiences', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'All Financial Reports', 'energy efficient electronics', 'U.S.', 'English French', 'Rapports financiers', 'French version', 'semiconductor expertise', 'innovative soil', 'electronics markets', 'energy efficiency', 'sustainable development', 'world leader', 'Tech 40 Paris', 'unique technologies', 'disruptive innovation', 'customers’ needs', 'high performance', 'cost competitiveness', 'manufacturing facilities', 'corporate purpose', 'Euronext Paris', 'information purposes', 'Availability', 'period', 'September', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'November', 'Soitec', 'designing', 'public', 'AMF', 'consultation', 'Company', 'website', 'section', 'Entreprise', 'Investisseurs', 'Investors', '3,500 patents', 'strategy', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'engagements', 'smart', 'amazing', 'trademarks', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13642,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.exchangewire.com/blog/2022/11/23/azerion-acquires-radionomy-enters-audio-advertising-market/,Azerion Acquires Radionomy & Enters Audio Advertising Market,Azerion has announced the acquisition of Radionomy Group  a global pioneer in digital audio advertising and marketing solutions. With this acquisition  Azerion launches a new product in the realm of audio advertising  enabling clients and partners to expand t…,Azerion has announced the acquisition of Radionomy Group  a global pioneer in digital audio advertising and marketing solutions. With this acquisition  Azerion launches a new product in the realm of audio advertising  enabling clients and partners to expand their engagement with users.This acquisition will enhance Azerion’s ability to support advertisers and publishers with a complete suite of advertising products and further solidifies our entry into the US market.Radionomy has a unique and proprietary ad tech solution covering all aspects of digital audio ⎼ including radio  podcasts  audiobooks  and games ⎼ and supporting in excess of 3 billion monthly impressions in over 30 markets worldwide. It is connected to a wide range of publishers with more than 15 000 audio channels in aggregate  providing meaningful scale to drive targeted and efficient advertising for advertisers.Atilla Aytekin  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “I am excited to add a new suite of audio advertising solutions to our product portfolio and offer more innovative ad formats  from digital radio to in-game audio  helping our advertisers and publishers achieve optimal advertising and monetisation results. As a company that strives to offer a complete set of products to our customers  it is important for us to stay at the forefront of the latest market trends. We are proud to be at the centre of this nascent innovative digital technology that we expect to develop further over the next few years across the United States  Europe  and beyond.”Azerion has signed a binding transaction documentation relating to the sale of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares in the share capital of Radionomy Group B.V. from Targetspot SA  a company listed on Euronext Growth Paris and Brussels. The transaction perimeter includes Radionomy Group B.V. and all its subsidiaries and  as such  does not include Targetspot’s Winamp operations. Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions  including approval by Targetspot’s extraordinary general meeting (EGM)  which will be held on 9 December 2022. Closing is expected before 31 December 2022.The total consideration will be predominantly settled through Azerion shares  with the balance settled in cash. In total  2 782 644 Azerion shares will be transferred to the selling shareholders at closing of the transaction and such Azerion shares equivalent to up to €3m (£2.5m) are to be granted in future  subject to certain earn-out conditions. Azerion’s shares currently held in treasury are sufficient to satisfy the share consideration. The balance that is payable in cash contains a payment at closing as well as deferred payments. Radionomy is expected to generate approximately €29m (£25m) to €30m (£25.9) gross revenue in 2022.Radionomy brings together the entire activity of Targetspot with its subsidiaries. The transaction thus involves the indirect disposal of all the subsidiaries of Radionomy Group B.V.  the Targetspot and Shoutcast brands and all staff attached to the business.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Audio Advertising Market', 'Azerion', 'Radionomy', 'proprietary ad tech solution', 'nascent innovative digital technology', 'Radionomy Group B.V.', 'innovative ad formats', '3 billion monthly impressions', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'latest market trends', 'binding transaction documentation', 'digital audio advertising', 'audio advertising solutions', 'marketing solutions', 'US market', '15,000 audio channels', 'efficient advertising', 'game audio', 'optimal advertising', 'digital radio', 'global pioneer', 'new product', 'complete suite', 'wide range', 'meaningful scale', 'Atilla Aytekin', 'new suite', 'product portfolio', 'monetisation results', 'complete set', 'United States', 'share capital', 'Winamp operations', 'selling shareholders', 'share consideration', 'deferred payments', 'gross revenue', 'entire activity', 'indirect disposal', 'Shoutcast brands', 'advertising products', 'outstanding shares', 'transaction perimeter', 'total consideration', 'earn-out conditions', 'Targetspot SA', 'Azerion shares', 'acquisition', 'realm', 'clients', 'partners', 'engagement', 'users', 'ability', 'advertisers', 'publishers', 'entry', 'unique', 'aspects', 'podcasts', 'audiobooks', 'games', 'excess', '30 markets', 'aggregate', 'targeted', 'CEO', 'company', 'customers', 'forefront', 'centre', 'years', 'Europe', 'sale', 'Brussels', 'subsidiaries', 'Closing', 'approval', 'EGM', '9 December', '31 December', 'balance', 'cash', 'future', 'treasury', 'staff', 'business']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,exchangewire.com
13644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4113667.html,Orient Express La Dolce Vita: pre-bookings are open!,In 2021  Orient Express unveiled its new Orient Express La Dolce Vita train . Orient Express returns to the ITLM Cannes from December 5 to December 8  2022. This international tourism and luxury travel fair will be an opportunity to announce the official open…,"In 2021  Orient Express unveiled its new Orient Express La Dolce Vita train . Orient Express returns to the ITLM Cannes from December 5 to December 8  2022. This international tourism and luxury travel fair will be an opportunity to announce the official opening of pre-bookings. To celebrate this news  “Orient Express La Dolce Vita aperitivos” will be held from 4:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. each day at the Orient Express La Dolce Vita bar for ILTM participants.Born from the luxury rail tourism project imagined by Arsenale SpA and Orient Express  of the Accor group  the Orient Express La Dolce Vitawill welcome its first passengers in 2024. They will cross Italy from North to South via six exclusive routes. These itineraries have been designed with the aim of creating exclusive travel experiences while unveiling the jewels of Italy  from the wonders of the Alps to the paradisiacal beaches of the South  from the beauty of Venice to Rome or Palermo... From 2024  the first Orient Express hotels – La Minerva in Rome  Palazzo Donà Giovannelli in Venice – will welcome travelers on the Orient Express La Dolce Vita . New unique itineraries with international destinations will also be offered.This train pays homage to the Dolce Vita  a fantastic period in history  to the artistic and cultural fervor of Italy in the 1960s. Designed by Dimorestudio  the architecture and design studio founded by Emiliano Salci and Britt Moran in 2003  the Orient Express La Dolce Vita train combined the Italian art of living with the contemporary spirit of travel. The sumptuous sets of the train will adorn 12 Deluxe cabins  18 suites  1 ""La Dolce Vita"" suite and a restaurant  and will boldly celebrate the craftsmanship  design and creation of the 60s and 70s.In collaboration with the best international chefs and sommeliers  travelers will enjoy 5-star service on board  discover the treasures and excellence of ""Made in Italy""  savor its gastronomy and its greatest Italian wines. At Rome Ostiense station  the Orient Express Lounge will welcome travellers  offer them a selection of refreshments and provide advice and recommendations for an unforgettable journey.With the support of Accor  official hotel partner of the project  and thanks to the partnership established with Trenitalia - Gruppo Ferrovie dello Stato - and the Fondazione FS Italiane  the Orient Express La Dolce Vita will invite passengers to cover more than 16 000 km of lines railways - reminiscent of the country's historical treasures.PRE-RESERVATIONS FROM DECEMBER 6Opening of pre-bookings from December 6 to travelers and travel agents.To pre-book: contact the concierge service in your region (see the list below) who will register and check in priority travelers and call them back in priority before the opening of online sales.To be considered as a ""priority traveler""  it will be necessary to pre-book for a value of 500€  refundable at any time. In case of confirmation of the final reservation  this deposit of 500 euros will be deducted from the final price.Rates from €2000 per person per night in a deluxe cabin. Prices will be confirmed according to the itinerary and the departure date chosen when the holders of a pre-booking will be reminded.Concierge numbers: France: + 331 87 21 29 40  United Kingdom: +44 203 024 4949  Italy: + 39 028 148 0333  USA-Canada: + 1 833 661 3080  Latin America: + 1 833 661 3080 Other countries: + 44 203 024 49 49.More information on www.orient-express.com/la-dolce-vitaABOUT ARSENAL SPABuilt in 2020 on the initiative of Annabel Holding and Paolo Barletta  Arsenale is an Italian company active in the world of luxury hotels. The main objective is the enhancement of the Italian tourism sector  through two main divisions: Hospitality Hotel and Resort  development and management of hotel facilities in synergy with the most renowned luxury brands in the world  such as Soho House and Orient Express . The company's pipeline includes several strategic operations between Rome  Cortina  Tuscany and southern Italy. Hospitality travel itinerary with Orient Express ""La Dolce Vita""  the first sustainable rail tourism project with a luxury offer in collaboration with Orient Express  Trenitalia-Gruppo Ferrovie dello Stato and Fondazione FS.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticket: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Line CrieloueGroup external communications - Executive Director - Corporate+33 1 45 38 18 11Accor",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Orient Express La Dolce Vita', 'pre-bookings', 'Orient Express La Dolce Vita aperitivos', 'Orient Express La Dolce Vita bar', 'Orient Express La Dolce Vita train', 'Orient Express La Dolce Vitawill', 'first sustainable rail tourism project', '1 ""La Dolce Vita"" suite', 'Gruppo Ferrovie dello Stato', 'first Orient Express hotels', 'world leading hospitality group', 'luxury rail tourism', 'new Orient Express', 'Orient Express Lounge', 'six exclusive routes', 'Palazzo Donà Giovannelli', 'several strategic operations', 'Italian tourism sector', 'greatest Italian wines', 'two main divisions', 'best international chefs', 'renowned luxury brands', 'exclusive travel experiences', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'economy hotel brands', 'New unique itineraries', 'official hotel partner', 'Fondazione FS Italiane', 'luxury travel fair', 'creative hospitality company', 'Rome Ostiense station', 'La Minerva', 'luxury hotels', 'international tourism', 'first passengers', 'Hospitality Hotel', 'Hospitality travel', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'founder-built brands', 'luxury offer', 'Italian art', 'Italian company', 'main objective', 'hotel facilities', 'international destinations', 'travel agents', 'ITLM Cannes', 'official opening', 'ILTM participants', 'paradisiacal beaches', 'fantastic period', 'cultural fervor', 'Emiliano Salci', 'Britt Moran', 'contemporary spirit', 'sumptuous sets', '12 Deluxe cabins', '5-star service', 'unforgettable journey', 'concierge service', 'online sales', 'final reservation', 'final price', 'departure date', 'Concierge numbers', 'United Kingdom', 'Latin America', 'More information', 'ARSENAL SPA', 'Annabel Holding', 'Paolo Barletta', 'Soho House', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'Accor group', 'priority traveler', 'Arsenale SpA', 'design studio', 'historical treasures', 'Other countries', 'accommodation properties', 'southern Italy', '5,300 properties', '110 countries', 'travelers', 'December', 'opportunity', 'pre-bookings', 'news', 'North', 'aim', 'jewels', 'wonders', 'Alps', 'beauty', 'Venice', 'Palermo', 'homage', 'history', 'artistic', '1960s', 'Dimorestudio', 'architecture', '18 suites', 'restaurant', 'craftsmanship', 'creation', '70s', 'collaboration', 'sommeliers', 'board', 'excellence', 'Made', 'gastronomy', 'travellers', 'selection', 'refreshments', 'advice', 'recommendations', 'support', 'partnership', 'Trenitalia', '16,000 km', 'lines', 'railways', 'country', 'PRE-RESERVATIONS', 'region', 'list', 'value', 'time', 'case', 'confirmation', 'deposit', '500 euros', 'Rates', 'person', 'Prices', 'itinerary', 'holders', 'France', 'USA-Canada', 'dolce-vita', 'initiative', 'enhancement', 'Resort', 'development', 'management', 'synergy', 'pipeline', 'Cortina', 'Tuscany', '10,000 food', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', '4:30']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,hospitalitynet.org
13645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/4119f29184b1d4de,UAE market goes into overdrive as economy improves,RIYADH: The UAE business fraternity puts the pedal to the metal this week with a slew of announcements reflecting its capital adequacy and financial stability in the public and private sectors. Dubai Islamic Bank  rated A3 by Moody’s and A by Fitch  on Wednes…,RIYADH: The UAE business fraternity puts the pedal to the metal this week with a slew of announcements reflecting its capital adequacy and financial stability in the public and private sectors.Dubai Islamic Bank  rated A3 by Moody’s and A by Fitch  on Wednesday priced its inaugural sustainable sukuk  a $750 million 5-year senior issue with a profit rate of 5.49 percent per annum  representing a spread of 155 basis points over five-year US Treasurys.According to a press note  it is the first-ever sustainable sukuk from a UAE financial institution and the largest from a bank based in the Gulf Cooperative Council region since February 2022.The sukuk  listed on Euronext Dublin and NASDAQ Dubai  was created to finance green and social initiatives and projects.“We are delighted to have issued our inaugural sustainable sukuk today. This deal was very important for DIB given our strong commitment to Sustainable Finance and the UAE’s Net Zero agenda and the Dubai Clean Energy Strategy ”…This story appeared first on arabnews.com   2022-11-23.,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['UAE market', 'overdrive', 'economy', '$750 million 5-year senior issue', 'Gulf Cooperative Council region', 'Dubai Clean Energy Strategy', 'five-year US Treasurys', 'Net Zero agenda', 'UAE business fraternity', 'inaugural sustainable sukuk', 'first-ever sustainable sukuk', 'Dubai Islamic Bank', 'UAE financial institution', 'NASDAQ Dubai', 'Sustainable Finance', 'financial stability', 'capital adequacy', 'private sectors', 'profit rate', '155 basis points', 'press note', 'Euronext Dublin', 'social initiatives', 'strong commitment', 'arabnews.com', 'RIYADH', 'The', 'pedal', 'metal', 'slew', 'announcements', 'public', 'Moody', 'Fitch', 'Wednesday', '5.49 percent', 'annum', 'spread', 'February', 'green', 'projects', 'deal', 'DIB', 'story']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,biztoc.com
13646,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561764/0/en/Oxurion-Further-Improves-THR-149-Patent-Position.html,Oxurion Further Improves THR-149 Patent Position,Secures Revocation of Patent for Peptide Inhibitor of Plasma Kallikrein (PKal)           Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 23  2022 – 5:00 PM...,Secures Revocation of Patent for Peptide Inhibitor of Plasma Kallikrein (PKal)Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 23  2022 – 5:00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  announced today that it has prevailed in final proceedings before the European Patent Office in opposition to Dyax Corp.’s European patents 1 854 477 and 2 374 472. The European Board of Appeal announced its decision at a hearing on November 15  2022.With this final decision  Oxurion further improves its intellectual property position over THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of diabetic macular edema (DME). Oxurion itself holds granted patents for THR-149 through 2034 with the potential to extend through 2039.“We are pleased with the Appeal Board’s final decision revoking the Dyax claims  ” said Tom Graney  CEO of Oxurion. “We are very proud of our work with THR-149 and removing these claims will assist Oxurion in capturing the long-term value of this important asset.”THR-149 is a bicyclic peptide that selectively inhibits human plasma kallikrein (PKal) with an inhibition constant of 0.22 nM. Through the inhibition of the kallikrein-kinin system (KKS)  THR-149 prevents the induction of retinal vascular permeability  neurodegeneration  and inflammation.THR-149 is currently being evaluated in the KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial as a potential treatment for patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF standard of care for treatment of DME. DME is the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  and the market for treatments is currently estimated at $5+ billion. Results of an interim analysis of the KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B trial are expected by year-end 2022.Part B of the KALAHARI study follows a successful Part A  in which three dose levels of THR-149 (0.005mg  0.022mg and 0.13mg)  were each administered in three monthly IVT injections  whch were then evaluated in order to select the best dose for Part B of the study.High-level data from Part A of the KALAHARI trial was first presented in October 2021  which demonstrated that the eight patients who received the highest dose of THR-149  achieved a mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters at Month 3  the primary endpoint. A post-hoc analysis was performed by the masked central reading center in February 2022 based on an OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography) biomarker assessment.The masked reading center identified two subjects with abnormalities at baseline  which could impact responsiveness to any medical treatment. Excluding these two subjects resulted in an improvement in mean BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was sustained until Month 6  the end of the trial. The Month 6 data also demonstrated THR-149’s attractive safety profile and its ability to stabilize the Central Subfield Thickness (CST). The learnings from the Part A data were incorporated into Part B through an amended study design excluding patients that would not respond to any treatment. More information can be found here: NCT04527107About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.21,0.3,True,English,"['THR-149 Patent Position', 'Oxurion', 'Optical Coherence Tomography) biomarker assessment', 'three monthly IVT injections', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Part B clinical trial', 'clinical stage assets', 'intellectual property position', 'diabetic macular edema', 'human plasma kallikrein', 'attractive safety profile', 'Central Subfield Thickness', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'three dose levels', 'next generation standard', 'The Month 6 data', 'retinal vascular permeability', 'The European Board', 'central reading center', 'Part A data', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'successful Part A', 'potential new standard', 'Part B trial', 'European Patent Office', 'mean BCVA gain', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Peptide Inhibitor', 'anti-VEGF standard', 'High-level data', 'KALAHARI trial', 'successful development', 'best dose', 'highest dose', 'European patents', 'Euronext Brussels', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'final proceedings', 'Dyax Corp.', 'novel therapeutic', 'Appeal Board', 'long-term value', 'important asset', 'bicyclic peptide', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'interim analysis', 'primary endpoint', 'post-hoc analysis', 'two subjects', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'U S', 'Conway Communications', 'Beth Kurth', 'final decision', 'Tom Graney', 'vision loss', 'KALAHARI study', 'study design', 'More information', 'Dyax claims', 'inhibition constant', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'eight patients', 'potential treatment', 'medical treatment', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'Revocation', 'PKal', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', 'opposition', 'hearing', 'THR-149', 'CEO', '0.22 nM', 'KKS', 'induction', 'neurodegeneration', 'inflammation', 'market', 'treatments', 'Results', 'year-end', '5mg', '0.022mg', '0.13mg', 'whch', 'October', '6.1 letters', 'February', 'abnormalities', 'baseline', 'responsiveness', 'improvement', '9.3 letters', 'CST', 'learnings', 'Attachment', '5:00', '32']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4113665.html,Accor strengthens its commitment to the fight against violence against women by joining forces with Lila.help,As the International Day Against Violence Against Women approaches  on November 25  Accor is pleased to announce the strengthening of its long-standing commitment to women through the conclusion of a new partnership with Lila.help. The result of a c...,As the International Day Against Violence Against Women approaches  on November 25  Accor is pleased to announce the strengthening of its long-standing commitment to women through the conclusion of a new partnership with Lila.help.The result of a collaboration between organizations such as the Global Network of Shelters for Women Victims of Violence  UN Women  the US National Network to End Domestic Violence and Meta  Lila.help lists support services victims of domestic and sexual violence. This platform publishes a global directory  constantly updated and rigorously controlled  relaying emergency numbers and the list of shelters and crisis and support centers  along with opening hours  contact details  types of services offered. ... An unprecedented initiative  Lila.help can be consulted by everyone (victims  survivors  relatives  service providers  embassy staff  tourism stakeholders)  so that all women can find safety and protection.With the support of the ALL Heartist fund  a charitable funding program created by the Group to help vulnerable people around the world  Accor will help Lila.help develop its directory internationally by translating its content into the 15 most common languages. spoken to the world. In addition  Accor will participate in awareness-raising activities to mobilize companies  public bodies and vulnerable people around this platform.Accor is and always will be a human-centric company. Caring for others is part of his DNA. Safety and equal opportunity  regardless of gender  is one of the four major pillars of the Group's Diversity & Inclusion policy. Accor therefore makes the elimination of gender-based violence a priority issue and pursues its longstanding commitment to take concrete measures to combat sexism  sexual harassment and domestic violence  wherever the Group is present.This new collaboration with Lila.help is an important step for Accor  which relies  in order to fulfill its commitments  on multiple initiatives implemented internationally and on partnerships with major institutions. Thus  since 2021  Accor has been co-leader of the Generation Equality Action Coalition against gender-based violence - initiated by UN Women. In addition  Accor continues to actively train and protect all of its staff by deploying online modules on sexism  sexual harassment and domestic violence  translated into 13 languages.As part of the Group's mission  which consists in making its hotels places appreciated by the communities in which they are located  the teams have also taken the initiative to implement regional strategies aimed at reducing violence and discrimination based on gender. One example among many others: in Turkey  Accor has been collaborating since 2015 with the government of this country to help refugee women gain their independence through training in the hotel industry.This partnership with Lila.help is a great opportunity for Accor to support an innovative and necessary initiative that has the power to change the lives of women around the world. For Accor  women's rights and gender equality are at the heart of our D&I policy. We therefore do everything we can to ensure that our female talents and our hotel guests feel protected and included  and have all the cards in hand to achieve their aspirations. But beyond that  Accor is deeply committed to acting as a social lift in the territories where we operate. Contributing to initiatives such as Lila.help is essential to achieving this goal  and allows us to make a real difference outside the walls of our hotels. Anne-Sophie Beraud  Director of Diversity  Inclusion and Social ActionWith Lila.help  we want to offer a comprehensive  rigorously controlled directory of help desks around the world. So  wherever you are  you can trust Lila.help. We have big ambitions for our platform. Besides continuing to develop the directory  adding new support services  raising awareness and improving our solutions  we want to offer added value to companies that support Lila.help. Even the smallest NGOs  in the most remote regions  must feel that they are not alone in the fight against violence against women. Furthermore  we hope in the future to be able to help NGOs develop new support services in places where none exist. Margot Kuijpers  Lila.help Project Manager  on behalf of the Global Network of Shelters for Women Victims of ViolenceAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticket: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Line CrieloueGroup external communications - Executive Director - Corporate+33 1 45 38 18 11Accor,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,mixed,0.29,0.1,0.62,True,English,"['Lila.help', 'Accor', 'commitment', 'fight', 'violence', 'women', 'forces', 'Generation Equality Action Coalition', 'comprehensive, rigorously controlled directory', 'Lila.help Project Manager', 'world leading hospitality group', 'ALL Heartist fund', 'charitable funding program', 'four major pillars', 'D&I policy', 'US National Network', 'economy hotel brands', '15 most common languages', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'new support services', 'support services victims', 'Social Action', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'major institutions', 'support centers', 'concierge services', 'Global Network', 'hotel guests', 'gender equality', 'help desks', 'International Day', 'long-standing commitment', 'new partnership', 'global directory', 'emergency numbers', 'opening hours', 'contact details', 'service providers', 'tourism stakeholders', 'vulnerable people', 'awareness-raising activities', 'public bodies', 'human-centric company', 'equal opportunity', 'Inclusion policy', 'longstanding commitment', 'concrete measures', 'sexual harassment', 'new collaboration', 'important step', 'online modules', 'regional strategies', 'One example', 'great opportunity', 'female talents', 'social lift', 'real difference', 'Anne-Sophie Beraud', 'big ambitions', 'remote regions', 'Margot Kuijpers', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unprecedented initiative', 'hotel industry', 'necessary initiative', 'sexual violence', 'gender-based violence', 'embassy staff', 'multiple initiatives', 'many others', 'smallest NGOs', 'accommodation properties', 'UN Women', 'refugee women', 'Domestic Violence', 'Women Victims', '13 languages', '5,300 properties', 'November', 'Accor', 'strengthening', 'conclusion', 'result', 'organizations', 'Shelters', 'Meta', 'platform', 'list', 'crisis', 'types', 'everyone', 'survivors', 'relatives', 'safety', 'protection', 'content', 'addition', 'companies', 'DNA', 'Diversity', 'elimination', 'sexism', 'order', 'commitments', 'partnerships', 'leader', 'mission', 'hotels', 'communities', 'teams', 'discrimination', 'Turkey', 'government', 'country', 'independence', 'training', 'innovative', 'power', 'lives', 'rights', 'everything', 'cards', 'hand', 'aspirations', 'territories', 'goal', 'walls', 'solutions', 'value', 'fight', 'future', 'places', 'none', 'behalf', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,hospitalitynet.org
13648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561741/0/en/Norsk-Hydro-Successful-placement-of-new-sustainability-linked-bonds.html,Norsk Hydro: Successful placement of new sustainability linked bonds,Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement on November 21  2022.      Norsk Hydro ASA has today completed a successful placement of new...,English NorwegianReference is made to the stock exchange announcement on November 21  2022.Norsk Hydro ASA has today completed a successful placement of new senior unsecured sustainability linked bonds with a total amount of NOK 3 000 million. The transaction is split between two tranches:- 6 year NOK 1 500 million with a floating rate of 3m Nibor + 2.000% p.a.- 6 year NOK 1 500 million with a fixed rate of 5.257% p.a.“We are very pleased to be the first investment grade Norwegian company having issued sustainability linked bonds. This is the first issuance under Hydro's Green and sustainability linked financing framework and EMTN Programme and a proof of our commitment to deliver on our ambitious roadmap to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and increase our recycling of post-consumer scrap. These are key pillars to deliver on our strategy of strengthening our position in low-carbon aluminium and maintaining our strong competitive industry position. Interest from investors has been very strong and we have accomplished competitive terms given current market conditions ” says CFO Pål Kildemo.The proceeds from the bond issuances are for general corporate purposes. An application will be made for the bonds to be listed at the Oslo Stock Exchange. Danske Bank  Nordea and SEB have acted as Joint Bookrunners for the bond issuance.Norsk Hydro ASA established a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) programme on November 7  2022. The EMTN programme provides a framework for issuance of euro medium term notes up to an aggregate amount of EUR 5 billion. The prospectus  which has been prepared by Norsk Hydro ASA in connection with the establishment of the EMTN programme  has been approved by Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland.For further information  please contact:Investors:Line Haugetraa+47 41406376Line.Haugetraa@hydro.comMedia:Halvor Molland+47 92979797Halvor.Molland@hydro.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act,positive,0.53,0.46,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['new sustainability linked bonds', 'Norsk Hydro', 'Successful placement', 'new senior unsecured sustainability linked bonds', 'first investment grade Norwegian company', 'CFO Pål Kildemo', 'Euro Medium Term Note', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'sustainability linked financing framework', 'strong competitive industry position', 'stock exchange announcement', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'current market conditions', 'general corporate purposes', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norsk Hydro ASA', 'The EMTN programme', 'English Norwegian', 'first issuance', 'competitive terms', 'EMTN) programme', 'successful placement', 'total amount', 'two tranches', 'floating rate', '3m Nibor', 'fixed rate', 'ambitious roadmap', 'post-consumer scrap', 'key pillars', 'low-carbon aluminium', 'bond issuances', 'Danske Bank', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'aggregate amount', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Central Bank', 'disclosure requirements', '6 year NOK', 'Line Haugetraa', 'Halvor Molland', 'Reference', 'November', 'transaction', 'proof', 'commitment', 'recycling', 'strategy', 'Interest', 'investors', 'proceeds', 'application', 'Nordea', 'SEB', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'establishment', 'Ireland', 'information', 'Media', 'Section', '2.000']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221122005900/en/GE-Announces-Early-Participation-Results-in-Its-Debt-Tender-Offer,GE Announces Early Participation Results in Its Debt Tender Offer,BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GE (NYSE:GE) announces the results as of 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022 (the “Early Participation Date”)  for its previously announced offer to purchase for cash  for its own account and on behalf of the Subsidiar…,BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GE (NYSE:GE) announces the results as of 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022 (the “Early Participation Date”)  for its previously announced offer to purchase for cash  for its own account and on behalf of the Subsidiary Issuers (as defined below)  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase  dated November 8  2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time  the “Offer to Purchase”) for cash up to $7 000 000 000 (as converted on the basis set forth herein) (excluding the accrued and unpaid interest on such Securities) aggregate purchase price (the “Total Maximum Amount”) of the securities listed in the table below (such securities  the “Securities” and  such offer to purchase  the “Tender Offer”)  issued  assumed or guaranteed by GE. Given the aggregate principal amount of the Securities validly tendered in the Tender Offer prior to the Early Participation Date  GE expects the aggregate purchase price of such Securities to exceed the Total Maximum Amount.The table below outlines the title and identifiers for each series of Securities  the applicable maturity date  the principal amount outstanding as of the Early Participation Date  the Acceptance Priority Level  and the principal amount tendered as of the Early Participation Date as confirmed by the Information and Tender Agent (as defined below).Title of Security Security Identifier(s) Applicable Maturity Date Principal AmountOutstanding(thousands) Acceptance Priority Level Principal Amount Tendered as of the Early Participation Date (thousands) 4.418% Notes due 2035*† CUSIPs: 36164NFH3 /36164PFH8 / 36164QNA2 ISINs: US36164NFH35 / US36164PFH82 / US36164QNA21 November 15  2035 $6 962 918 1 $5 833 124 6.750% Notes due 2032†† CUSIP: 36962GXZ2 ISIN: US36962GXZ26 March 15  2032 $2 452 263 2 $1 128 397 4.550% Notes due 2032††† CUSIP: 36166NAK9 ISIN: US36166NAK90 May 15  2032 $750 000 3 $607 357 7.500% Notes due 2035**†††† CUSIP: 36959CAA6 ISIN: US36959CAA62 August 21  2035 $210 896 4 $112 840 6.150% Notes due 2037†† CUSIP: 36962G3A0 ISIN: US36962G3A02 August 7  2037 $258 346 5 $59 583 5.875% Notes due 2038†† CUSIP: 36962G3P7 ISIN: US36962G3P70 January 14  2038 $853 448 6 $291 753 6.875% Notes due 2039†† CUSIP: 36962G4B7 ISIN: US36962G4B75 January 10  2039 $732 225 7 $269 166 6.025% Notes due 2038***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0350890470 March 1  2038 €484 697 8 €122 639 8.000% Notes due 2039***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0408304995 January 14  2039 £80 222 9 £31 300 7.700% Notes due 2028††††††† CUSIP: 81413PAG0 ISIN: US81413PAG00 June 15  2028 $143 379 10 $24 107 4.500% Notes due 2044 CUSIP: 369604BH5 ISIN: US369604BH58 March 11  2044 $532 813 11 $164 802 7.500% Notes due 2027†††††††† CUSIP: 869049AE6 ISIN: US869049AE62 December 1  2027 $81 107 12 $1 072 4.350% Notes due 2050 CUSIP: 369604BY8 ISIN: US369604BY81 May 1  2050 $438 866 13 $111 496 5.625% Notes due 2031****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0154681737 September 16  2031 £17 564 14 £16 860 5.375% Notes due 2040*****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0182703743 December 18  2040 £46 474 15 £24 793 4.050% Notes due 2027††† CUSIP: 36166NAH6 ISIN: US36166NAH61 May 15  2027 $127 996 16 $28 961 4.250% Notes due 2040 CUSIP: 369604BX0 ISIN: US369604BX09 May 1  2040 $82 635 17 $26 373 4.125% Notes due 2035***†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0229567440 September 19  2035 €750 000 18 €299 030 4.125% Notes due 2042 CUSIP: 369604BF9 ISIN: US369604BF92 October 9  2042 $249 604 19 $16 485 4.400% Notes due 2030††† CUSIP: 36166NAJ2 ISIN: US36166NAJ28 May 15  2030 $94 480 20 $37 936 3.450% Notes due 2025††† CUSIP: 36166NAG8 ISIN: US36166NAG88 May 15  2025 $297 434 21 $147 688 3.625% Notes due 2030 CUSIP: 369604BW2 ISIN: US369604BW26 May 1  2030 $197 655 22 $41 351 3.450% Notes due 2027 CUSIP: 369604BV4 ISIN: US369604BV43 May 1  2027 $179 937 23 $66 327 4.875% Notes due 2037***†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0229561831 September 18  2037 £231 637 24 £87 974 Floating Rate Notes due 2036†† CUSIP: 36962GX74 ISIN: US36962GX743 August 15  2036 $285 787 25 $41 516 Floating Rate Notes due 2026†† CUSIP: 36962GW75 ISIN: US36962GW752 May 5  2026 $901 687 26 $174 700 3.373% Notes due 2025**† CUSIPs: 36164NFG5 / 36164PFG0 / 36164Q6M5 ISINs: US36164NFG51 / US36164PFG00 / US36164Q6M56 November 15  2025 $321 939 27 $98 442 5.550% Notes due 2026†† CUSIP: 36962GT95 ISIN: US36962GT956 January 5  2026 $35 589 28 $17 328 5.250% Notes due 2028*****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0096298822 December 7  2028 £91 919 29 £54 952 3.650% Notes due 2032***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0816246077 August 23  2032 €290 000 30 €86 092 5.875% Notes due 2033***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0340495216 January 18  2033 £650 000 31 £403 237 2.125% Notes due 2037*†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612543394 May 17  2037 €560 230 32 €42 572 6.250% Notes due 2038***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0361336356 May 5  2038 £52 302 33 £10 281 1.875% Notes due 2027* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1238902057 May 28  2027 €466 901 34 €77 052 1.500% Notes due 2029* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612543121 May 17  2029 €969 116 35 €40 991 Floating Rate Notes due 2029******††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0223460592 June 29  2029 €104 411 36 €2 350 0.875% Notes due 2025* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612542826 May 17  2025 €772 822 37 €132 866 4.625% Notes due 2027***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0288429532 February 22  2027 €279 800 38 €61 200* Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. ** Listed on the New York Stock Exchange. *** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange. **** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. ***** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. ****** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin. † Issued by GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital International Funding Company). †† Originally issued by General Electric Capital Corporation. ††† Issued by GE Capital Funding  LLC. †††† Originally issued by General Electric Capital Services  Inc. ††††† Issued by GE Capital European Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital European Funding). †††††† Issued by GE Capital UK Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital UK Funding). ††††††† Issued by Security Capital Group Incorporated. †††††††† Issued by Security Capital Group Incorporated (as successor to SUSA Partnership  L.P.).Withdrawal rights for the Tender Offer expired at 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022  and have not been extended. The Expiration Date for the Tender Offer is 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 7  2022  unless extended or earlier terminated by GE. Consummation of the Tender Offer is subject to certain conditions (as described in the Offer to Purchase).As previously announced  the applicable “Reference Yield” payable for each series of Fixed Spread Securities (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such series of Fixed Spread Securities included in the Tender Offer will be determined at 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on November 23  2022  unless extended by GE in its sole and absolute discretion (the “Reference Yield Determination Date”). The aggregate purchase price of the Securities (excluding the accrued and unpaid interest on such Securities) for purposes of determining whether the Total Maximum Amount has been reached  will be calculated based on the applicable exchange rates as reported on the Bloomberg screen page “FXIP” under the heading “FX Rate vs. USD” (or  if such screen is unavailable  a generally recognized source for currency quotations selected by the Lead Dealer Managers with quotes as of a time as close as reasonably possible) on the Reference Yield Determination Date. See the Offer to Purchase for additional information.The Tender Offer is subject to certain conditions  including the Financing Condition. Subject to GE’s right to terminate the Tender Offer  and subject to all conditions to the Tender Offer having been satisfied or waived by GE  including the Total Maximum Amount  the Acceptance Priority Levels and proration  GE will accept for purchase the Securities that have been validly tendered (and not subsequently validly withdrawn) at or before the Expiration Date promptly following the Expiration Date (the date of such purchase  which is expected to be the first business day following the Expiration Date  the “Final Payment Date”). GE reserves the right  but is not obligated  in its sole and absolute discretion  to purchase the Securities that have been validly tendered (and not subsequently validly withdrawn) at or before the Early Participation Date or following the Early Participation Date but prior to the Expiration Date  subject to all conditions to the Tender Offer having been satisfied or waived by GE (the date of such purchase  the “Early Payment Date” and together with the Final Payment Date  each a “Payment Date”).GE has retained BofA Securities  Merrill Lynch International and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC to act as the Global Coordinators and along with BNP Paribas Securities Corp.  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International to act as the Lead Dealer Managers  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch  HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  Mizuho Securities USA LLC  MUFG Securities Americas Inc.  and SMBC Nikko Securities America  Inc. to act as the Senior Co-Dealer Managers  and Blaylock Van  LLC and Mischler Financial Group  Inc. to act as the Co-Dealer Managers in connection with the Tender Offer (collectively  the “Dealer Managers”). Questions regarding terms and conditions of the Tender Offer should be directed to BofA Securities at +1 (888) 292-0070 (toll free) or +1 (980) 683-3215 (collect)  to Merrill Lynch International at +44 20 7996 5420 (collect)  to Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC at +1 (800) 624-1808 (toll free)  +1 (212) 761-1057 (collect).D.F. King has been appointed the information and tender agent with respect to the Tender Offer (the “Information and Tender Agent”). The Offer to Purchase can be accessed at the Tender Offer website: http://www.dfking.com/ge. Questions or requests for assistance in connection with the tendering procedures for the Securities in the Tender Offer or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase may be directed to the Information and Tender Agent at +1 (800) 714-3312 (toll free)  +1 (212) 269-5550 (collect)  +44 20 7920 9700 (London) or via e-mail at ge@dfking.com. You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Tender Offer.GE reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to purchase any Securities or to extend  re-open  withdraw or terminate the Tender Offer and to amend or waive any of the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in any manner  subject to applicable laws and regulations.Holders are advised to read carefully the Offer to Purchase for full details of and information on the procedures for participating in the Tender Offer.Holders are advised to check with any custodian or nominee  or other intermediary through which they hold Securities  whether such entity would require the receipt of instructions to participate in  or notice of a revocation of their instruction to participate in  the Tender Offer before the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any custodian or nominee  or by the relevant Clearing System  for the submission and revocation of valid electronic tender and blocking instructions  in the form required by the relevant Clearing System  may be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified above.Unless stated otherwise  announcements in connection with the Tender Offer will be made available on GE’s website at www.genewsroom.com. Such announcements may also be made by (i) the issue of a press release and (ii) the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants. Copies of all such announcements  press releases and notices can also be obtained from the Information and Tender Agent  the corresponding contact details for whom are set out above. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Holders are urged to contact the Information and Tender Agent for the relevant announcements relating to the Tender Offer. In addition  all documentation relating to the Tender Offer  together with any updates  will be available via the Offer Website: http://www.dfking.com/ge.DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase. This announcement and the Offer to Purchase contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Tender Offer. If you are in any doubt as to the contents of this announcement or the Offer to Purchase or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial  legal and tax advice  including as to any tax consequences  immediately from your broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Securities are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to participate in the Tender Offer. None of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates makes any recommendation as to whether or not Holders should tender their Securities in the Tender Offer.None of GE (including as successor of General Electric Capital Corporation and General Electric Capital Services  Inc.)  GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital International Funding Company)  GE Capital European Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital European Funding)  GE Capital UK Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital UK Funding)  GE Capital Funding  LLC  and Security Capital Group Incorporated (for its own account and as successor of SUSA Partnership  L.P.) (collectively  the “Subsidiary Issuers”)  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning GE  the Securities or the Tender Offer contained in this announcement or in the Offer to Purchase. None of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates is acting for any Holder  or will be responsible to any Holder for providing any protections which would be afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer  and accordingly none of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates assumes any responsibility for any failure by GE to disclose information with regard to GE or the Securities which is material in the context of the Tender Offer and which is not otherwise publicly available.GeneralThis announcement is for informational purposes only. The Tender Offer is being made solely pursuant to the Offer to Purchase. Neither this announcement nor the Offer to Purchase  or the electronic transmission thereof  constitutes an offer to sell or buy Securities  as applicable  in any jurisdiction in which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities laws or otherwise. The distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Tender Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of their respective affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Tender Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate (as the case may be) on behalf of GE in such jurisdiction.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit the possession  circulation or distribution of either this announcement  the Offer to Purchase or any material relating to GE  any subsidiary of GE or the Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly  none of this announcement  the Offer to Purchase or any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the Tender Offer may be distributed or published  in or from any such country or jurisdiction  except in compliance with any applicable rules or regulations of any such country or jurisdiction.The distribution of this announcement and the Offer to Purchase in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement or the Offer to Purchase comes are required by GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers and the Information and Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.This communication has not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  this communication is not being directed at persons within the United Kingdom save in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply.This announcement does not constitute an offer of securities to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (a “Relevant State”). In any Relevant State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in that Relevant State. This announcement and information contained herein must not be acted on or relied upon by persons who are not qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In the United Kingdom  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  who are also: (i) persons falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Financial Promotion Order”)); or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order (such persons together being “relevant persons”). The Securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Each Holder participating in the Tender Offer will give certain representations in respect of the jurisdictions referred to above and generally as set out in the Offer to Purchase. Any tender of Securities pursuant to the Tender Offer from a Holder that is unable to make these representations will not be accepted. Each of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers and the Information and Tender Agent reserves the right  in its absolute discretion  to investigate  in relation to any tender of Securities pursuant to the Tender Offer  whether any such representation given by a Holder is correct and  if such investigation is undertaken and as a result GE determines (for any reason) that such representation is not correct  such tender shall not be accepted.Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements – that is  statements related to future events that by their nature address matters that are  to different degrees  uncertain. For details on the uncertainties that may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements  including (1) the expected timing  size or other terms of the Tender Offer and GE’s ability to complete the Tender Offer; (2) our success in executing and completing asset dispositions or other transactions  including our planned spin-offs of GE HealthCare and our portfolio of energy businesses that are planned to be combined as GE Vernova (Renewable Energy  Power  Digital and Energy Financial Services)  and sales of our equity interests in Baker Hughes Company (Baker Hughes) and AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) and our expected equity interest in GE HealthCare after its spin-off  the timing of closing for such transactions  the ability to satisfy closing conditions  and the expected proceeds  consideration and benefits to GE; (3) changes in macroeconomic and market conditions and market volatility  including impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic  risk of recession  inflation  supply chain constraints or disruptions  rising interest rates  the value of securities and other financial assets (including our equity ownership positions in Baker Hughes and AerCap  and expected equity interest in GE HealthCare after its spin-off)  oil  natural gas and other commodity prices and exchange rates  and the impact of such changes and volatility on our business operations  financial results and financial position and (4) our de-leveraging and capital allocation plans  including with respect to actions to reduce our indebtedness  the capital structures of the three public companies that we plan to form from our businesses  the timing and amount of dividends  share repurchases  organic investments  and other priorities  see https://www.ge.com/investor-relations/important-forward-looking-statement-information  as well as our SEC filings. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements.About GEGE (NYSE:GE) rises to the challenge of building a world that works. For more than 130 years  GE has invented the future of industry  and today the company’s dedicated team  leading technology  and global reach and capabilities help the world work more efficiently  reliably  and safely. GE’s people are diverse and dedicated  operating with the highest level of integrity and focus to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for its customers.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Early Participation Results', 'Debt Tender Offer', 'GE', 'Acceptance Priority Level Principal Amount', 'Applicable Maturity Date Principal Amount', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Total Maximum Amount', 'Early Participation Date', 'New York City', 'Security Security Identifier', 'aggregate purchase price', 'Floating Rate Notes', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Subsidiary Issuers', 'unpaid interest', 'Tender Agent', 'Tender Offer', '36166NAK9 ISIN', '36959CAA6 ISIN', '36166NAJ2 ISIN', '36166NAG8 ISIN', '5% Notes', 'BOSTON', 'results', 'November', 'cash', 'account', 'behalf', 'terms', 'conditions', 'time', 'basis', 'Securities', 'table', 'title', 'identifiers', 'series', 'Information', 'Outstanding', 'thousands', 'CUSIPs', 'ISINs', 'March', 'June', 'December', 'May', '5:00', '2044']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221123005114/en/Prosus-Delivers-Strong-Ecommerce-Revenue-Growth-and-Operating-Performance,Prosus Delivers Strong Ecommerce Revenue Growth and Operating Performance,AMSTERDAM--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Prosus N.V. (AEX: PRX) has announced a solid set of results for the first half of the year. Despite a turbulent period during which industry growth expectations and valuations came under significant pressure  we have increased ecom…,AMSTERDAM--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Prosus N.V. (AEX: PRX) has announced a solid set of results for the first half of the year. Despite a turbulent period during which industry growth expectations and valuations came under significant pressure  we have increased ecommerce revenues and continued organic investment into those segments where we see the highest growth potential. This investment is focused on building and extending our offering within core products to meet local market needs  notably within autos at OLX  convenience delivery in Food and credit at PayU. Organic investment levels peaked during the period  and together with increased scale and actively managing our cost base  our business is well positioned for improvements in profitability and cash flow generation. It is our ambition for our consolidated ecommerce portfolio to become profitable in H1 of FY2025. Our buyback programme will continue for the foreseeable future  as it meaningfully improves net asset value (NAV) per share  creating permanent value that will compound over time.Headlines1Ecommerce revenue up 41%  driven by a strong operating performance across all four core segmentsGroup revenue up 9% to US$16.5bnGroup trading profit declined by 37% to US$1.4bn reflecting a lower contribution from Tencent and investment in ecommerce extensions; Core headline earnings down 60% to US$897mFocused organic investment in high potential businesses within our core segments; HY23 reflects peak investment spendOpen-ended buyback has unlocked permanent value for shareholders  with US$5.8bn of Prosus and Naspers shares repurchasedSignificant steps taken to drive profitability within core segments  with ecommerce portfolio on track to reach profitability within two yearsStrong and liquid balance sheet a strategic advantage in the current climate; US$15.8bn gross cash and US$600m net cashTencent announced on 16 November 2022 that it will distribute Meituan shares to its shareholders next year. Upon receipt of the shares  we will consider them as held for sale.Bob van Dijk  Group CEO  Prosus and Naspers  commented:“We have shown strong execution and operational growth through a volatile and challenging time. To further scale our ecommerce businesses  we have made significant organic investment in OLX Autos  credit  convenience delivery and edtech  which will drive sustainable long-term value creation for the Group. The Group’s open-ended buyback of Prosus and Naspers shares is unlocking real value. We expect the benefits of the programme to compound over time. Looking ahead  we will work towards simplifying the Group’s structure and to crystallise value from our portfolio.”Group performance1 2Group results – economic interest basis HY2023 HY2022 YoY change Revenues US$16.5bn US$16.3bn 9% Trading profit US$1.4bn US$2.8bn -37% Core headline earnings US$897m US$2.3bn -60% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues US$5.2bn US$3.9bn 41% Trading loss US$998m US$522m -62% Classifieds Revenues US$1.3bn US$988m 60% Trading loss US$159m US$42m -279% Food Revenues US$1.9bn US$1.3bn 52% Trading loss US$381m US$312m -10% Payments & Fintech Revenues US$480m US$359m 55% Trading loss US$97m US$31m -194% Education technology Revenues US$334m US$120m 38% Trading loss US$178m US$48m -81% Group results - consolidated Revenues US$3.2bn US$2.8bn 33% Trading loss US$531m US$318m -56%Basil Sgourdos  Group CFO  Prosus and Naspers  commented:“Revenue grew strongly across our segments  despite the significant foreign currency headwinds in emerging markets and a lower contribution from Tencent. Our ecommerce businesses are all profitable or breakeven at the core and we have accelerated efforts to drive profitable growth. We expect HY23 to mark our peak investment spend  with profitability and cash flow generation improving from here on  with our ambition to be profitable on aggregate in H1 FY2025. Our strong balance sheet and significant liquidity is a key advantage in the current climate; we will remain disciplined on M&A and committed to maintaining our investment grade rating.”Strong growth and execution in ecommerceEcommerce revenues  on an economic interest basis  grew 41% to US$5.2bn  driven by strong top-line growth across all four core segments. Trading losses  reported on the same basis  expanded to US$998m. On a consolidated basis  ecommerce revenue grew 33%  to US$3.2bn  while trading losses widened to US$449m. The cash needs of our business are only in relation to our consolidated businesses  and the losses of our associates are prefunded and do not impact our cash position.Profitability was impacted by continued investment in adjacent growth opportunities: autos transactions in Classifieds  a broader on-demand grocery delivery ecosystem in iFood  credit in Payments and Fintech  and the expansion of our Edtech segment.Our core Classifieds business  as well as iFood’s restaurant delivery business in Brazil  remain profitable.We expect HY23 to represent the high water mark in terms of trading losses  with profitability improving materially from this point on  as the benefits of our investment programme and cost reduction initiatives take hold.A detailed breakdown of the Net Asset Value of the Prosus portfolio  based on market consensus estimates  is on the Prosus website here.Classifieds – OLX Group3OLX had a strong start to the year  with revenues on an economic interest basis growing 60% to US$1.34bn. Trading losses increased to US$159m  reflecting significant investment to scale OLX Autos. Consolidated revenues grew 64% to US$1.22bn  while consolidated trading losses increased to US$154m.Operational metrics across the core classifieds business remained stable  with 89m active listings  80m monthly active app users and 2.1m paying listers.OLX has focused efforts on improving productivity  efficiencies and on cutting costs to ensure a sustainable long-term business. Excluding OLX Ukraine  this has resulted in a 9 percentage point improvement in trading profit margin in core classifieds to 27%.OLX Autos revenues grew by 84%  to US$1.0bn  as demand and prices for used cars remained high across several markets. Trading losses increased to US$206m driven by investment to expand our direct-to-consumer business. OLX Autos sold a record 114 000 cars  up 60% on the prior period.Food DeliveryOur portfolio of food businesses is present in more than 70 countries  with the most significant businesses being iFood  Delivery Hero and Swiggy.The segment delivered strong growth  with a focus on improving profitability in the core restaurant businesses  coupled with controlled investment in growth extensions  such as quick commerce and groceries. On an economic interest basis  GMV grew 26%  increasing revenues by 52% to US$1.9bn. Investment into adjacencies increased trading losses by US$69m  to US$381m.iFood had an outstanding 6 months  as it continues to scale  and is on a defined path to profitable growth. In the core restaurant business in Brazil  orders increased by 2% and GMV by 13%  driving revenue growth of 29%  to US$606m. Trading profit was US$45m  with a trading margin of 7%  an improvement of 8 percentage points from the prior period. Overall  iFood trading losses improved to US$59m  reflecting continued investment in quick commerce and fintech initiatives.Within quick commerce and grocery delivery  iFood operates a hybrid model  through partnerships with existing grocery retailers  while also investing in dark stores. Orders from these new initiatives grew 152% and GMV 102%.Delivery Hero continued to deliver strong growth for its half year ended 30 June 2022  with GMV increasing 50% to €20.0bn and an improved adjusted EBITDA margin (as percentage of GMV) of -1.6% (prior period: -2.6%).Swiggy’s core restaurant food delivery business grew GMV by 40%  while its quick commerce GMV increased 15x during the first six months of the year. Our share of Swiggy’s revenue grew 118% to US$150m.Payments & Fintech – PayUPayU delivered good results  growing payment volumes and pursuing additional opportunities in credit and digital banking.Total number of transactions grew 17% year-on-year  driving total payment volume (TPV) growth of 49% to US$46bn. Economic interest revenue increased 55% to US$480m  with a trading loss of US$97m. Consolidated revenue grew 57% to US$412m  on the back of growth in payments in India  Turkey and Poland  as well as scaling of the credit business in India. Consolidated trading losses expanded to US$80m  as we continued to invest in growing our credit operations in India.In India  our largest payments market  TPV grew 59% to US$28bn  and revenue increased 48% to US$183m  following increased digitalisation in ecommerce  financial services and bill payments  and a rebound in post pandemic travel.The Global Payments Operations  focused mainly in Europe and Latin America  delivered strong growth. TPV grew 38% and revenues were up 45% to US$181m.Within PayU’s fintech investment portfolio  our share of Remitly’s revenue grew 46% to US$67m.EdtechTechnology is transforming the education sector and radically increasing access to learning across the world for many millions of people. The segment showed good topline growth  with revenues on an economic interest basis increasing 38% to US$334m  while trading losses grew to US$178m  impacted by one-off adjustments related to BYJU’s  Udemy and Skillsoft.Wholly-owned Stack Overflow  a leading knowledge-sharing platform  delivered solid progress  with total bookings increasing by 53% in the period. Revenue grew organically by 33% to US$45m  driven by Stack Overflow for Teams  which enables organisatons to build their own internal communities on top of the open platform. By the end of the period  Stack Overflow for Teams had 1 262 paying teams  generating an annual recurring revenue of US$50m.Our Edtech portfolio consists of 11 minority investments  covering the full span of learning from kindergarten through to grade 12 (K‒12)  and beyond  into third- and enterprise-level education.Our impactProsus is building a portfolio of asset-light  low carbon business models that enable us to combine our global reach with specialist and local expertise. Its businesses deliver positive impact for society and the planet by using technology to improve everyday life for billions of people. Examples include enabling a wider systemic transition to the circular economy  broader financial inclusion  improved access to education  and facilitating livelihoods.In line with our commitment towards a decarbonised world  Prosus has recently signed ‘The Climate Pledge’  a commitment to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2040 – 10 years ahead of the goal set out in the United Nations’ Paris Climate Agreement. Prosus has also joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF)  a global collaboration between investors and financial institutions to help standardise frameworks for climate accounting and target setting.Earlier this year  Prosus committed US$10m to support humanitarian aid efforts in Ukraine. Since then  we have deployed around US$8m of the total  to projects providing specialised medical equipment  mobile medical centres and modular houses.Through technology investments  we are able to encourage entrepreneurs focused on solutions to help others. Now in its third year  the Prosus Social Impact Challenge for Accessibility (SICA) provides an annual grant and mentorship to Indian start-ups with the most innovative and promising solutions in the assistive technology space. The top five startups  to be announced in December  will have access to a pool of mentors and financing opportunities through SICA partners including Invest India and Social Alpha  as well as the World Health Organization.For full details of the Group’s results  please visit www.prosus.com.About Prosus:Prosus is a global consumer internet group and one of the largest technology investors in the world. Operating and investing globally in markets with long-term growth potential  Prosus builds leading consumer internet companies that empower people and enrich communities.The group is focused on building meaningful businesses in the online classifieds  food delivery  payments and fintech  and education technology sectors in markets including India and Brazil. Through its ventures team  Prosus invests in areas including health  logistics  blockchain  and social commerce. Prosus actively seeks new opportunities to partner with exceptional entrepreneurs using technology to improve people’s everyday lives.Every day  billions of customers use the products and services of companies that Prosus has invested in  acquired or built  including 99minutos  Airmeet  Aruna  AutoTrader  Autovit.ro  Azos  BandLab  Bibit  Biome Makers  Borneo  Brainly  BUX  BYJU'S  Bykea  Captain Fresh  Codecademy  Collective Benefits  Creditas  DappRadar  DeHaat  Domofond.ru  dott  EduMe  ElasticRun  eMAG  Endowus  Eruditus  EVERY  Facily  Fashinza  Flink  Foodics  Good Glamm Group  GoodHabitz  GoStudent  Honor  iFood  Imovirtual  Klar  Kovi  LazyPay  letgo  Luno  Mensa Brands  Meesho  merXu  Movile  Oda  OLX  Otodom  OTOMOTO  PaySense  PayU  Pharmeasy  Platzi  Property24  Quick Ride  Red Dot Payment  Republic  Shipper  ShopUp  SoloLearn  Stack Overflow  Standvirtual  Superside  Swiggy  Thndr  Tonik  Ula  Urban Company  Wayflyer  and Wolt.Hundreds of millions of people have made the platforms of Prosus’s associates a part of their daily lives. For listed companies where we have an interest  please see: Tencent  Delivery Hero  Remitly  Trip.com  Udemy  Skillsoft  Sinch  and SimilarWeb.Today  Prosus companies and associates help improve the lives of more than two billion people around the world.Prosus has a primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam (AEX:PRX) and secondary listings on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (XJSE:PRX) and a2X Markets (PRX.AJ). Prosus is majority-owned by Naspers.For more information  please visit www.prosus.com.,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.15,0.32,True,English,"['Strong Ecommerce Revenue Growth', 'Operating Performance', 'Prosus', 'demand grocery delivery ecosystem', 'significant foreign currency headwinds', 'sustainable long-term value creation', 'four core segments Group revenue', 'liquid balance sheet', 'Bob van Dijk', 'HY2022 YoY change', 'high water mark', 'Core headline earnings', 'industry growth expectations', 'highest growth potential', 'adjacent growth opportunities', 'local market needs', 'economic interest basis', 'cash flow generation', 'strong operating performance', 'strong balance sheet', 'peak investment spend', 'investment grade rating', 'high potential businesses', 'Education technology Revenues', 'strong top-line growth', 'net asset value', 'Organic investment levels', 'restaurant delivery business', 'Prosus N.V.', 'significant organic investment', 'Group trading profit', 'core Classifieds business', 'Ecommerce portfolio Revenues', 'Strong growth', 'net cash', 'cash needs', 'convenience delivery', 'core products', 'significant pressure', 'Significant steps', 'significant liquidity', 'operational growth', 'profitable growth', 'Ecommerce revenue', 'same basis', 'permanent value', 'gross cash', 'real value', 'cash position', 'continued investment', 'ecommerce businesses', 'Group CEO', 'The Group', 'Group performance1', 'Group CFO', 'consolidated basis', 'Trading loss', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'solid set', 'first half', 'cost base', 'foreseeable future', 'lower contribution', 'ecommerce extensions', 'Open-ended buyback', 'two years', 'strategic advantage', 'current climate', 'Classifieds Revenues', 'Basil Sgourdos', 'emerging markets', 'key advantage', 'M&A', 'consolidated businesses', 'Group results', 'strong execution', 'Meituan shares', 'autos transactions', 'turbulent period', 'buyback programme', 'Food Revenues', 'Fintech Revenues', 'Edtech segment', 'challenging time', 'Naspers shares', 'OLX Autos', 'H1 FY2025', 'losses', 'AMSTERDAM', 'AEX', 'PRX', 'offering', 'credit', 'PayU.', 'scale', 'improvements', 'profitability', 'ambition', 'NAV', 'Headlines1', 'Tencent', 'HY23', 'shareholders', 'track', 'US$', '16 November', 'receipt', 'sale', 'volatile', 'benefits', 'structure', 'Payments', 'efforts', 'aggregate', 'relation', 'associates', 'broader', 'iFood', 'expansion', 'Brazil', 'terms', 'point']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221123005431/en/GE-Announces-the-Applicable-Reference-Yield-for-its-Debt-Tender-Offer,GE Announces the Applicable Reference Yield for its Debt Tender Offer,BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GE (NYSE:GE) today announced the applicable “Reference Yield” for each series of Securities (as defined below) for its previously announced offer to purchase for cash  for its own account and on behalf of the Subsidiary Issuers (as de…,BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GE (NYSE:GE) today announced the applicable “Reference Yield” for each series of Securities (as defined below) for its previously announced offer to purchase for cash  for its own account and on behalf of the Subsidiary Issuers (as defined below)  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase  dated November 8  2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time  the “Offer to Purchase”) for cash up to $7 000 000 000 (as converted on the basis set forth herein) (excluding the accrued and unpaid interest on such Securities) aggregate purchase price (the “Total Maximum Amount”) of the securities listed in the table below (such securities  the “Securities” and  such offer to purchase  the “Tender Offer”)  issued by GE or an affiliate (and assumed or guaranteed by GE). Given the aggregate principal amount of the Securities validly tendered in the Tender Offer prior to the Early Participation Date  GE expects the aggregate purchase price of such Securities to exceed the Total Maximum Amount.The table below outlines the applicable “Reference Yield” for each series of Securities  as determined in the manner described in the Offer to Purchase.Title of Security Security Identifier(s) ApplicableMaturity Date PrincipalAmountOutstanding(thousands) AcceptancePriority Level Fixed Spread Securities ReferenceTreasurySecurity /Interpolated Rate BloombergReferencePage/Screen FixedSpread(basispoints) Reference Yield 4.418% Notes due 2035*† CUSIPs: 36164NFH3 / 36164PFH8 /36164QNA2 ISINs: US36164NFH35 / US36164PFH82 /US36164QNA21 November 15  2035 $6 962 918 1 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 135 3.751% 6.750% Notes due 2032†† CUSIP: 36962GXZ2 ISIN: US36962GXZ26 March 15  2032 $2 452 263 2 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 120 3.751% 4.550% Notes due 2032††† CUSIP: 36166NAK9 ISIN: US36166NAK90 May 15  2032 $750 000 3 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 125 3.751% 7.500% Notes due 2035**†††† CUSIP: 36959CAA6 ISIN: US36959CAA62 August 21  2035 $210 896 4 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 150 3.751% 6.150% Notes due 2037†† CUSIP: 36962G3A0 ISIN: US36962G3A02 August 7  2037 $258 346 5 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 155 3.751% 5.875% Notes due 2038†† CUSIP: 36962G3P7 ISIN: US36962G3P70 January 14  2038 $853 448 6 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 130 4.060% 6.875% Notes due 2039†† CUSIP: 36962G4B7 ISIN: US36962G4B75 January 10  2039 $732 225 7 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 145 4.060% 6.025% Notes due 2038***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0350890470 March 1  2038 €484 697 8 March 2038 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 105 2.642% 8.000% Notes due 2039***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0408304995 January 14  2039 £80 222 9 UKT 1.125% due January 31  2039 FIT GLT10-50 225 3.346% 7.700% Notes due 2028††††††† CUSIP: 81413PAG0 ISIN: US81413PAG00 June 15  2028 $143 379 10 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 115 3.964% 4.500% Notes due 2044 CUSIP: 369604BH5 ISIN: US369604BH58 March 11  2044 $532 813 11 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 125 4.060% 7.500% Notes due 2027†††††††† CUSIP: 869049AE6 ISIN: US869049AE62 December 1  2027 $81 107 12 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 105 3.964% 4.350% Notes due 2050 CUSIP: 369604BY8 ISIN: US369604BY81 May 1  2050 $438 866 13 2.875% UST due May 15  2052 FIT1 140 3.848% 5.625% Notes due 2031****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0154681737 September 16  2031 £17 564 14 UKT 0.250% due July 31  2031 FIT GLT0-10 185 3.047% 5.375% Notes due 2040*****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0182703743 December 18  2040 £46 474 15 UKT 4.250% due December 7  2040 FIT GLT10-50 230 3.368% 4.050% Notes due 2027††† CUSIP: 36166NAH6 ISIN: US36166NAH61 May 15  2027 $127 996 16 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 100 3.964% 4.250% Notes due 2040 CUSIP: 369604BX0 ISIN: US369604BX09 May 1  2040 $82 635 17 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 125 4.060% 4.125% Notes due 2035***†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0229567440 September 19  2035 €750 000 18 September 2035 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 65 2.670% 4.125% Notes due 2042 CUSIP: 369604BF9 ISIN: US369604BF92 October 9  2042 $249 604 19 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 125 4.060% 4.400% Notes due 2030††† CUSIP: 36166NAJ2 ISIN: US36166NAJ28 May 15  2030 $94 480 20 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 120 3.751% 3.450% Notes due 2025††† CUSIP: 36166NAG8 ISIN: US36166NAG88 May 15  2025 $297 434 21 4.250% UST due October 15  2025 FIT1 65 4.263% 3.625% Notes due 2030 CUSIP: 369604BW2 ISIN: US369604BW26 May 1  2030 $197 655 22 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 120 3.751% 3.450% Notes due 2027 CUSIP: 369604BV4 ISIN: US369604BV43 May 1  2027 $179 937 23 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 100 3.964% 4.875% Notes due 2037***†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0229561831 September 18  2037 £231 637 24 UKT 1.750% due September 7  2037 FIT GLT10-50 205 3.334% Floating Rate Notes due 2036†† CUSIP: 36962GX74 ISIN: US36962GX743 August 15  2036 $285 787 25 N/A N/A N/A N/A Floating Rate Notes due 2026†† CUSIP: 36962GW75 ISIN: US36962GW752 May 5  2026 $901 687 26 N/A N/A N/A N/A 3.373% Notes due 2025**† CUSIPs: 36164NFG5 / 36164PFG0 /36164Q6M5 ISINs: US36164NFG51 / US36164PFG00 /US36164Q6M56 November 15  2025 $321 939 27 4.250% UST due October 15  2025 FIT1 65 4.263% 5.550% Notes due 2026†† CUSIP: 36962GT95 ISIN: US36962GT956 January 5  2026 $35 589 28 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 95 3.964% 5.250% Notes due 2028*****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0096298822 December 7  2028 £91 919 29 UKT 1.625% due October 22  2028 FIT GLT0-10 190 3.109% 3.650% Notes due 2032***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0816246077 August 23  2032 €290 000 30 August 2032 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 75 2.654% 5.875% Notes due 2033***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0340495216 January 18  2033 £650 000 31 UKT 0.875% due July 31  2033 FIT GLT10-50 165 3.161% 2.125% Notes due 2037*†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612543394 May 17  2037 €560 230 32 May 2037 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 70 2.656% 6.250% Notes due 2038***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0361336356 May 5  2038 £52 302 33 UKT 4.750% due December 7  2038 FIT GLT10-50 220 3.348% 1.875% Notes due 2027* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1238902057 May 28  2027 €466 901 34 May 2027 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 30 2.710% 1.500% Notes due 2029* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612543121 May 17  2029 €969 116 35 May 2029 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 35 2.659% Floating Rate Notes due 2029******††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0223460592 June 29  2029 €104 411 36 N/A N/A N/A N/A 0.875% Notes due 2025* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612542826 May 17  2025 €772 822 37 May 2025 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 0 2.840% 4.625% Notes due 2027***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0288429532 February 22  2027 €279 800 38 February 2027 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 25 2.720%* Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. ** Listed on the New York Stock Exchange. *** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange. **** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. ***** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. ****** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin. † Issued by GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital International Funding Company). †† Originally issued by General Electric Capital Corporation. ††† Issued by GE Capital Funding  LLC. †††† Originally issued by General Electric Capital Services  Inc. ††††† Issued by GE Capital European Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital European Funding). †††††† Issued by GE Capital UK Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital UK Funding). ††††††† Issued by Security Capital Group Incorporated. †††††††† Issued by Security Capital Group Incorporated (as successor to SUSA Partnership  L.P.).Withdrawal rights for the Tender Offer expired at 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022  and have not been extended. The “Expiration Date” for the Tender Offer is 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 7  2022  unless extended or earlier terminated by GE. Consummation of the Tender Offer is subject to certain conditions (as described in the Offer to Purchase).Holders who validly tendered and did not validly withdraw such Securities at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022 (the “Early Participation Date”)  once such Securities are accepted for purchase  will be eligible to receive the applicable “Total Consideration” for their Securities  which includes an early participation amount of $50 per $1 000 principal amount of the Securities denominated in U.S. dollars  £50 per £1 000 principal amount of the Securities denominated in Pounds Sterling  or €50 per €1 000 principal amount of the Securities denominated in Euros  as applicable (the “Early Participation Amount”). In addition  holders whose Securities are accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer will also receive accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities from  and including  the most recent interest payment date prior to the applicable Payment Date (as defined below) up to  but not including  the applicable Payment Date (“Accrued Interest”). See the Offer to Purchase for additional information.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Fixed Spread Securities (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) will be calculated by reference to the applicable “Reference Yield” in the table above  which means (i) for each series of Fixed Spread Dollar Securities and Fixed Spread Sterling Securities (each  as defined in the Offer to Purchase)  a yield to the applicable maturity date of such series of Securities equal to the sum (such sum being annualized in the case of the Fixed Spread Sterling Securities) of (a) the Reference Yield of the applicable Reference Security outlined in the table above  determined at 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on November 23  2022 (the “Reference Yield Determination Date”)  plus (b) the applicable Fixed Spread (as set forth in the table above)  and (ii) for each series of Fixed Spread Euro Securities (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)  a yield to the applicable maturity date of such series of Securities equal to the sum of (a) the Reference Yield (corresponding to the applicable Interpolated Rate for such series listed in the table above) determined at the Reference Yield Determination Date  plus (b) the applicable Fixed Spread for such series of Securities; in each case  minus accrued and unpaid interest on such Securities from  and including  the most recent interest payment date prior to the applicable Payment Date up to  but not including  such Payment Date.The applicable “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Fixed Spread Securities (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such series of Fixed Spread Securities included in the Tender Offer will be determined based upon the “Reference Yield” set forth in the table above  upon GE’s acceptance for purchase of any Securities validly tendered (and not validly withdrawn) and the announcement of the applicable Payment Date.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Fixed Price Securities (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) will be a price per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such series of Fixed Price Securities listed in the table above.The Tender Offer is subject to certain conditions  including the Financing Condition. Subject to GE’s right to terminate the Tender Offer  and subject to all conditions to the Tender Offer having been satisfied or waived by GE  including the Total Maximum Amount  the Acceptance Priority Levels and proration  GE will accept for purchase the Securities that have been validly tendered (and not subsequently validly withdrawn) at or before the Expiration Date promptly following the Expiration Date (the date of such purchase  which is expected to be the first business day following the Expiration Date  the “Final Payment Date”). GE reserves the right  but is not obligated  in its sole and absolute discretion  to purchase the Securities that have been validly tendered (and not subsequently validly withdrawn) at or before the Early Participation Date or following the Early Participation Date but prior to the Expiration Date  subject to all conditions to the Tender Offer having been satisfied or waived by GE (the date of such purchase  the “Early Payment Date” and together with the Final Payment Date  each a “Payment Date”).GE has retained BofA Securities  Merrill Lynch International and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC to act as the Global Coordinators and along with BNP Paribas Securities Corp.  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International to act as the Lead Dealer Managers  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch  HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  Mizuho Securities USA LLC  MUFG Securities Americas Inc.  and SMBC Nikko Securities America  Inc. to act as the Senior Co-Dealer Managers  and Blaylock Van  LLC and Mischler Financial Group  Inc. to act as the Co-Dealer Managers in connection with the Tender Offer (collectively  the “Dealer Managers”). Questions regarding terms and conditions of the Tender Offer should be directed to BofA Securities at +1 (888) 292-0070 (toll free) or +1 (980) 683-3215 (collect)  to Merrill Lynch International at +44 20 7996 5420 (collect)  to Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC at +1 (800) 624-1808 (toll free)  +1 (212) 761-1057 (collect).D.F. King has been appointed the information and tender agent with respect to the Tender Offer (the “Information and Tender Agent”). The Offer to Purchase can be accessed at the Tender Offer website: http://www.dfking.com/ge. Questions or requests for assistance in connection with the tendering procedures for the Securities in the Tender Offer or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase may be directed to the Information and Tender Agent at +1 (800) 714-3312 (toll free)  +1 (212) 269-5550 (collect)  +44 20 7920 9700 (London) or via e-mail at ge@dfking.com. You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Tender Offer.GE reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to purchase any Securities or to extend  re-open  withdraw or terminate the Tender Offer and to amend or waive any of the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in any manner  subject to applicable laws and regulations.Holders are advised to read carefully the Offer to Purchase for full details of and information on the procedures for participating in the Tender Offer.Holders are advised to check with any custodian or nominee  or other intermediary through which they hold Securities  whether such entity would require the receipt of instructions to participate in  or notice of a revocation of their instruction to participate in  the Tender Offer before the deadlines specified in the Offer to Purchase. The deadlines set by any custodian or nominee  or by the relevant Clearing System  for the submission and revocation of valid electronic tender and blocking instructions  in the form required by the relevant Clearing System  may be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified above.Unless stated otherwise  announcements in connection with the Tender Offer will be made available on GE’s website at www.genewsroom.com. Such announcements may also be made by (i) the issue of a press release and (ii) the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants. Copies of all such announcements  press releases and notices can also be obtained from the Information and Tender Agent  the corresponding contact details for whom are set out above. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Holders are urged to contact the Information and Tender Agent for the relevant announcements relating to the Tender Offer. In addition  all documentation relating to the Tender Offer  together with any updates  will be available via the Offer Website: http://www.dfking.com/ge.DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase. This announcement and the Offer to Purchase contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Tender Offer. If you are in any doubt as to the contents of this announcement or the Offer to Purchase or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial  legal and tax advice  including as to any tax consequences  immediately from your broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Securities are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to participate in the Tender Offer. None of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates makes any recommendation as to whether or not Holders should tender their Securities in the Tender Offer.None of GE (including as successor of General Electric Capital Corporation and General Electric Capital Services  Inc.)  GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital International Funding Company)  GE Capital European Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital European Funding)  GE Capital UK Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital UK Funding)  GE Capital Funding  LLC  and Security Capital Group Incorporated (for its own account and as successor of SUSA Partnership  L.P.) (collectively  the “Subsidiary Issuers”)  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning GE  the Securities or the Tender Offer contained in this announcement or in the Offer to Purchase. None of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates is acting for any Holder  or will be responsible to any Holder for providing any protections which would be afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer  and accordingly none of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates assumes any responsibility for any failure by GE to disclose information with regard to GE or the Securities which is material in the context of the Tender Offer and which is not otherwise publicly available.GeneralThis announcement is for informational purposes only. The Tender Offer was made solely pursuant to the Offer to Purchase. Neither this announcement nor the Offer to Purchase  or the electronic transmission thereof  constitutes an offer to sell or buy Securities  as applicable  in any jurisdiction in which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities laws or otherwise. The distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Tender Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of their respective affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Tender Offer shall be deemed to have been made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate (as the case may be) on behalf of GE in such jurisdiction.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit the possession  circulation or distribution of either this announcement  the Offer to Purchase or any material relating to GE  any subsidiary of GE or the Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly  none of this announcement  the Offer to Purchase or any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the Tender Offer may be distributed or published  in or from any such country or jurisdiction  except in compliance with any applicable rules or regulations of any such country or jurisdiction.The distribution of this announcement and the Offer to Purchase in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement or the Offer to Purchase comes are required by GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers and the Information and Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.This communication has not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  this communication is not being directed at persons within the United Kingdom save in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply.This announcement does not constitute an offer of securities to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (a “Relevant State”). In any Relevant State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in that Relevant State. This announcement and information contained herein must not be acted on or relied upon by persons who are not qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In the United Kingdom  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  who are also: (i) persons falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Financial Promotion Order”)); or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order (such persons together being “relevant persons”). The Securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Each Holder participating in the Tender Offer will give certain representations in respect of the jurisdictions referred to above and generally as set out in the Offer to Purchase. Any tender of Securities pursuant to the Tender Offer from a Holder that is unable to make these representations will not be accepted. Each of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers and the Information and Tender Agent reserves the right  in its absolute discretion  to investigate  in relation to any tender of Securities pursuant to the Tender Offer  whether any such representation given by a Holder is correct and  if such investigation is undertaken and as a result GE determines (for any reason) that such representation is not correct  such tender shall not be accepted.Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements – that is  statements related to future events that by their nature address matters that are  to different degrees  uncertain. For details on the uncertainties that may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements  including (1) the expected timing  size or other terms of the Tender Offer and GE’s ability to complete the Tender Offer; (2) our success in executing and completing asset dispositions or other transactions  including our planned spin-offs of GE HealthCare and our portfolio of energy businesses that are planned to be combined as GE Vernova (Renewable Energy  Power  Digital and Energy Financial Services)  and sales of our equity interests in Baker Hughes Company (Baker Hughes) and AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) and our expected equity interest in GE HealthCare after its spin-off  the timing of closing for such transactions  the ability to satisfy closing conditions  and the expected proceeds  consideration and benefits to GE; (3) changes in macroeconomic and market conditions and market volatility  including impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic  risk of recession  inflation  supply chain constraints or disruptions  rising interest rates  the value of securities and other financial assets (including our equity ownership positions in Baker Hughes and AerCap  and expected equity interest in GE HealthCare after its spin-off)  oil  natural gas and other commodity prices and exchange rates  and the impact of such changes and volatility on our business operations  financial results and financial position and (4) our de-leveraging and capital allocation plans  including with respect to actions to reduce our indebtedness  the capital structures of the three public companies that we plan to form from our businesses  the timing and amount of dividends  share repurchases  organic investments  and other priorities  see https://www.ge.com/investor-relations/important-forward-looking-statement-information  as well as our SEC filings. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements.About GEGE (NYSE:GE) rises to the challenge of building a world that works. For more than 130 years  GE has invented the future of industry  and today the company’s dedicated team  leading technology  and global reach and capabilities help the world work more efficiently  reliably  and safely. GE’s people are diverse and dedicated  operating with the highest level of integrity and focus to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for its customers.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Applicable Reference Yield', 'Debt Tender Offer', 'GE', 'Priority Level Fixed Spread Securities Reference Treasury Security', 'N/A N/A N/A N/A Floating Rate Notes', 'Interpolated Rate Bloomberg Reference Page', 'Security Security Identifier', 'applicable “Reference Yield', 'Early Participation Date', 'Maturity Date Principal', 'Total Maximum Amount', 'aggregate principal amount', 'aggregate purchase price', 'Rate ICAE1', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Subsidiary Issuers', 'unpaid interest', 'FIT GLT0', 'FIT GLT10', '36164QNA2 ISINs', 'Tender Offer', '36166NAG8 ISIN', '3.373% Notes', 'BOSTON', 'series', 'cash', 'account', 'behalf', 'terms', 'conditions', 'time', 'basis', 'table', 'affiliate', 'manner', 'Title', 'Outstanding', 'Acceptance', 'Screen', 'points', 'CUSIPs', 'August', 'FIT1', 'March', 'UKT', 'January', 'October', '2044 CUSIP', 'May', 'July', 'December', 'September', '4.']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/guerbet-spotlight-novel-drug-elucirem-002100394.html,Guerbet to Spotlight the Novel New Drug Elucirem™ (gadopiclenol) injection at the 2022 Radiological Society of North America Scientific Assembly and Annual Meeting,Guerbet LLC  the US affiliate of Guerbet  a global leader in medical imaging offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and ...,"Join us at Booth #1711Opportunity to learn about the recently US FDA-approved novel new drug  Elucirem™Announcing Guerbet Research Scholar Grant in Partnership with RSNADisplaying a portfolio of digital and artificial intelligence software solutions to enhance patients' experiencePRINCETON  N.J.  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Guerbet LLC  the US affiliate of Guerbet  a global leader in medical imaging offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and artificial intelligence (AI) solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging  will present data on Elucirem™ (gadopiclenol) injection  Dotarem® (gadoterate meglumine) injection and AI solutions at the 2022 Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) Scientific Assembly and Annual Meeting.""It's very exciting to be back at RSNA  to give the radiology community a first-hand opportunity to experience the clarity of MRI images offered by our new MRI product  Elucirem™ "" said David Hale  Chief Executive Officer of the Guerbet Group. ""We look forward to sharing insights about gadopiclenol  a novel  highly stable macrocyclic gadolinium-based contrast agent offering the highest relaxivity in its class for magnetic resonance imaging.2""Elucirem® is indicated for use with MRI in adults and pediatric patients aged two years and older to detect and visualize lesions in the central nervous system (brain  spine and associated tissues) and the body (head and neck  thorax  abdomen  pelvis and musculoskeletal system).1For Elucirem®  Guerbet received Priority Review by the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA) on the basis of the unmet medical needs  as there are currently no U.S. approved and marketed MRI contrast agents indicated for musculoskeletal lesion visualization and no macrocyclic GBCAs approved broadly to visualize lesions located throughout the body.3 Guerbet received US FDA's marketing approval for Elucirem on September 21  2022.Story continuesElucirem® (gadopiclenol) injection will be available in glass vials  glass pharmacy bulk packages and in plastic pre-filled syringes  which can help to streamline workflow in the imaging suite. All gadopiclenol is manufactured by Guerbet Group Company.ELUCIREM (gadopiclenol) injection and DOTAREM (gadoterate meglumine) injection Important Safety InformationWARNING: NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS (NSF)See full prescribing information for complete boxed warningGadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) increase the risk for NSF among patients with impaired elimination of the drugs. Avoid use of GBCAs in these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrasted MRI or other modalities. The risk for NSF appears highest among patients with: Screen patients for acute kidney injury and other conditions that may reduce renal function. For patients at risk for chronically reduced renal function (for example  age >60 years  hypertension or diabetes)  estimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) through laboratory testing.Opportunities to Learn More at RSNA 2022RSNA Innovation Theater -- @ 1:00 – 1:15 p.m. CST  Monday November 28  2022: Aashim Bhatia  MD  MS  Assistant Professor in Radiology and Pediatric Neuroradiologist at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia will be presenting Guerbet's Latest Innovation: Illuminating the Possibilities with a Novel New Drug https://eppro02.ativ.me/web/planner.?id=RSNA22&table=agenda&tid=S1138Oral and Poster Presentations:Title Author(s) Date/Time Session Number Reduced Body Gd Exposure over 5 months after a single Human Equivalent Dose of Gadopiclenol as compared to Gadobutrol in Healthy Rats M. Rasschaert  C. Eoulourmyl Strzeminska  C. Walton  M. Lefebvre  N. Decout  C. Factor  P. Robert Dec. 1 – 12:15 p.m. – 12:45 p.m. RSA-SPNPM Efficacy and safety of gadopiclenol for central nervous system (CNS) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI): The Picture Trial Leo Wolansky Nov. 30 1:30 p.m. – 2:30 p.m. W6 – SSNR13 Efficacy and safety of gadopiclenol for central nervous system (CNS) magnetic resonance imaging (MTI): The Picture Trial Christiane Kuhl Nov. 27 2:30 p.m. – 3:30 p.m. S5 – SSMSO1 Use of real life safety data from international pharmacovigilance databases to assess the importance of symptoms associated with gadolinium exposure Imran Shahid  Eric Lancelot Dec. 1 12:15 p.m. – 12:45 p.m. R5A - SPNR Super-dose: a deep learning method to increase the sensitivity of MRI in neuro-oncology via virtual dose amplification Alexandre Bone Dr. Samy Ammari Thu. Nov. 30 12:45 p.m. – 1:15 p.m. W5B - SPNR Multi-head deep learning model for the detection of prostate cancer lesions in bi-parametric MRI Kourosh Jafari-Khouzani  Maria Victoria Sainz de Cea  Wen Wei  Aly Mohamed  Noelle Debs  Alexandre Routier  Onofrio Caralano  Marwan Sati  Amin Katouzian Tue  Nov. 29 12:45pm - 1:15pm Scientific Poster Sessions Learning Center – IN DPS T5B-SPIN-4 Comparison of three methods for lesion detection and classification on bi-parametric MRI Maria V. Sainz de Cea  Kourosh Jafari-Khouzani  Wen Wei  Aly A. Mohamed  Noelie Debs  Alexandre Routier  Marc-Michel Rohe  Russell Klenk  Onofrio Catalano  Amin Katouzian Tue  Nov. 29 9:00am - 9:30am Scientific Poster Sessions Learning Center - GU DPS T2-SPGU-3 Rigorous Comparison of a New Fully Automated Deep Learning Algorithm for Detection of Focal Liver Lesions in Abdominal Contrast CT with Radiologists Dufort  G. Palma  P. L. Esquinas Fernandez  Y. Wang  O. Bonakdar Sakhi  F. C. Commandeur  A. Sitek  F. Louvet-De Verchere  K. Siewert  K. Tipton Tue  Nov. 29 1:30pm - 2:30pm S401 T6-SSGI10-4Guerbet's RSNA Education & Research Award Recipient 2022As part of its continued partnership with the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA)  Guerbet is proud to announce that the RSNA Research & Education (R&E) Foundation Board of Trustees has awarded the Guerbet Research Scholar Grant to Vivek Yedavalli  MD  MS from Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. Dr. Yedavalli was awarded $75 000 per year for two years to support his study  Deep Learning Models Using Baseline Comprehensive CT Stroke Collateral Imaging in Cerebral Angiographic Collateral  Post Procedural Hemorrhagic Transformation  and Clinical Outcomes Predictions for Increasing Thrombectomy Eligibility. The RSNA R&E Foundation invests in the future of radiology by developing investigators and supporting lifelong innovative research and education.Digital Solutions Featured at Booth #1711Guerbet will also feature a collection of digital and AI software-based products that help to close the loop with the smart connectivity between monitoring and reporting:Dose & Care ®   a state-of-the-art digital solution for monitoring patient exposure to X-rays that is compatible with all types of ionizing modalities and collects data to provide a record of patient exposureContrast & Care ®   an injection data management solution that enables imaging centers to collect  archive  examine  and share injection data  including data on contrast products  adverse events  injector activity  information on estimated glomerular filtration rate  and other risk factors before a clinical examIcobrain   a cloud-based AI solution designed to quantify disease specific brain structures on MR and CTGalileo  an educational web-based case review platform to help train radiology residents.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8%-10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €732 million in revenue in 2021. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com.About GadopiclenolGadopiclenol  which was initially invented by Guerbet  with the subsequent contribution of Bracco's intellectual property  is a new macrocyclic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) with high relaxivity. The efficacy and safety of gadopiclenol have been evaluated in MRI of the Central Nervous System (brain  spine and associated tissues) and Body (head and neck  thorax  abdomen  pelvis and musculoskeletal system. The details of Phase III clinical trials are available on www.ClinicalTrials.gov:Efficacy and Safety of Gadopiclenol for Central Nervous System (CNS) Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Full Text View - ClinicalTrials.govEfficacy and Safety of Gadopiclenol for Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Full Text View -govForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain statements of a forward-looking nature  based on assumptions and predictions made by the management of the Guerbet group. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors could lead to marked differences between the future results  financial situation  development and performances of the company  and the estimates made here. These factors include those mentioned in the public reports of Guerbet  available on its website www.guerbet.com. The company assumes no responsibility whatsoever in relation to the updating of these forward-looking statements  or how they correspond to future events or developments.ELUCIREMTM (gadopiclenol) injection Important Safety InformationWARNING: NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS (NSF)See full prescribing information for complete boxed warningGadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) increase the risk for NSF among patients with impaired elimination of the drugs. Avoid use of GBCAs in these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrasted MRI or other modalities. The risk for NSF appears highest among patients with: Screen patients for acute kidney injury and other conditions that may reduce renal function. For patients at risk for chronically reduced renal function (for example  age >60 years  hypertension or diabetes)  estimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) through laboratory testing.Indications and UsageELUCIREMTM (gadopiclenol) injection is indicated in adult and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older for use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to detect and visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity in the central nervous system (brain  spine  and associated tissues)  and the body (head and neck  thorax  abdomen  pelvis  and musculoskeletal system).ContraindicationsHistory of hypersensitivity reactions to ELUCIREM.Warnings and PrecautionsHypersensitivity Reactions: With GBCAs  serious hypersensitivity reactions have occurred. In most cases  initial symptoms occurred within minutes of GBCA administration and resolved with prompt emergency treatment. Before ELUCIREM administration  assess all patients for any history of a reaction to contrast media  bronchial asthma and/or allergic disorders. These patients may have an increased risk for a hypersensitivity reaction to ELUCIREM.Gadolinium Retention: Gadolinium is retained for months or years in several organs. Linear GBCAs cause more retention than macrocyclic GBCAs. Consequences of gadolinium retention in the brain have not been established. Pathologic and clinical consequences of GBCA administration and retention in skin and other organs have been established in patients with impaired renal function. While clinical consequences of gadolinium retention have not been established in patients with normal renal function  certain patients might be at higher risk. These include patients requiring multiple lifetime doses  pregnant and pediatric patients  and patients with inflammatory conditions. Consider the retention characteristics of the agent when choosing a GBCA for these patients. Minimize repetitive GBCA imaging studies  particularly closely spaced studies when possibleAcute Kidney Injury: In patients with chronically reduced renal function  acute kidney injury requiring dialysis has occurred with the use of GBCAs. The risk of acute kidney injury may increase with increasing dose of the contrast agent. Do not exceed the recommended dose.Extravasation and Injection Site Reactions: Injection site reactions such as injection site pain have been reported in the clinical studies with ELUCIREM. Extravasation during ELUCIREM administration may result in tissue irritation. Ensure catheter and venous patency before the injection of ELUCIREM.Interference with Visualization of Lesions Visible with Non-Contrast MRI: As with any GBCA  ELUCIREM may impair the visualization of lesions seen on non-contrast MRI. Therefore  caution should be exercised when Gadopiclenol MRI scans are interpreted without a companion non-contrast MRI scan.Adverse Reactions:In clinical trials  the most frequent adverse reactions that occurred in > 0.2% of patients who received ELUCIREM included: injection site pain  headache  nausea  injection site warmth  injection site coldness  dizziness  and localized swelling. Adverse reactions that occurred with a frequency ≤ 0.2% in patients who received 0.05 mmol/kg BW ELUCIREM included: maculopapular rash  vomiting  worsened renal impairment  feeling hot  pyrexia  oral paresthesia  dysgeusia  diarrhea  pruritus  allergic dermatitis  erythema  injection site paresthesia  Cystatin C increase  and blood creatinine increase.Use in Specific PopulationsPregnancy: GBCAs cross the human placenta and result in fetal exposure and gadolinium retention. There are no available data on ELUCIREM use in pregnant women to evaluate for a drug-associated risk of major birth defects  miscarriage or other adverse maternal or fetal outcomes.Lactation: There are no data on the presence of ELUCIREM in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. However  published lactation data on other GBCAs indicate that 0.01 to 0.04% of the maternal gadolinium dose is present in breast milk.Pediatric Use: The safety and effectiveness of ELUCIREM have not been established in pediatric patients younger than 2 years of age.Geriatric Use: This drug is known to be substantially excreted by the kidney  and the risk of adverse reactions to this drug may be greater in patients with impaired renal function.Renal Impairment: In patients with renal impairment  the exposure of gadopiclenol is increased compared to patients with normal renal function. This may increase the risk of adverse reactions such as nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF). Avoid use of GBCAs among these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrast MRI or other modalities. No dose adjustment of ELUCIREM is recommended for patients with renal impairment. ELUCIREM can be removed from the body by hemodialysisYou are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information  including the Medication Guide and Boxed Warning  for additional important safety information.DOTAREM® (GADOTERATE MEGLUMINE) INJECTION IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONWARNING: NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS (NSF) Gadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) increase the risk for NSF among patients with impaired elimination of the drugs. Avoid use of GBCAs in these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrasted MRI or other modalities. NSF may result in fatal or debilitating fibrosis affecting the skin  muscle and internal organs. • The risk for NSF appears highest among patients with: o Chronic  severe kidney disease (GFR < 30 mL/min/1.73m2)  or o Acute kidney injury. • Screen patients for acute kidney injury and other conditions that may reduce renal function. For patients at risk for chronically reduced renal function (e.g. age > 60 years  hypertension  diabetes)  estimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) through laboratory testing. • For patients at highest risk for NSF  do not exceed the recommended DOTAREM dose and allow a sufficient period of time for elimination of the drug from the body prior to any re-administration.INDICATIONS AND USAGEDOTAREM® (gadoterate meglumine) injection is a prescription gadolinium-based contrast agent indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial)  spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (including term neonates) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.CONTRAINDICATIONSHistory of clinically important hypersensitivity reactions to DOTAREM.WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSHypersensitivity Reactions: Anaphylactic and anaphylactoid reactions have been reported with DOTAREM  involving cardiovascular  respiratory  and/or cutaneous manifestations. Some patients experienced circulatory collapse and died. In most cases  initial symptoms occurred within minutes of DOTAREM administration and resolved with prompt emergency treatment.Before DOTAREM administration  assess all patients for any history of a reaction to contrast media  bronchial asthma and/or allergic disorders. These patients may have an increased risk for a hypersensitivity reaction to DOTAREM.Administer DOTAREM only in situations where trained personnel and therapies are promptly available for the treatment of hypersensitivity reactions  including personnel trained in resuscitation.Gadolinium Retention: Gadolinium is retained for months or years in several organs. The highest concentrations have been identified in the bone  followed by brain  skin  kidney  liver and spleen. The duration of retention also varies by tissue  and is longest in bone. Linear GBCAs cause more retention than macrocyclic GBCAs.Consequences of gadolinium retention in the brain have not been established. Adverse events involving multiple organ systems have been reported in patients with normal renal function without an established causal link to gadolinium retention.Acute Kidney Injury: In patients with chronically reduced renal function  acute kidney injury requiring dialysis has occurred with the use of GBCAs. The risk of acute kidney injury may increase with increasing dose of the contrast agent; administer the lowest dose necessary for adequate imaging.Extravasation and Injection Site Reactions: Ensure catheter and venous patency before the injection of DOTAREM. Extravasation into tissues during DOTAREM administration may result in tissue irritation.ADVERSE REACTIONSThe most common adverse reactions associated with DOTAREM in clinical trials were nausea  headache  injection site pain  injection site coldness and rash.Serious adverse reactions in the Postmarketing experience have been reported with DOTAREM. These serious adverse reactions include but are not limited to: arrhythmia  cardiac arrest  respiratory arrest  pharyngeal edema  laryngospasm  bronchospasm  coma and convulsion.USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSPregnancy : GBCAs cross the human placenta and result in fetal exposure and gadolinium retention. Use only if imaging is essential during pregnancy and cannot be delayed.Lactation : There are no data on the presence of gadoterate in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. However  published lactation data on other GBCAs indicate that 0.01 to 0.04% of the maternal gadolinium dose is present in breast milk.Pediatric Use: The safety and efficacy of DOTAREM at a single dose of 0.1 mmol/kg has been established in pediatric patients from birth (term neonates ≥ 37 weeks gestational age) to 17 years of age based on clinical data. The safety of DOTAREM has not been established in preterm neonates. No cases of NSF associated with DOTAREM or any other GBCA have been identified in pediatric patients age 6 years and younger.You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information  including the patient Medication Guide  for additional important safety information.Dose&Care ® Indications for UseDose&Care® allows the user to store and monitor the patient's dosimetric information. It collects dose reports created by modalities (scanner  conventional and interventional radiology  mammography  etc.)Dose&Care® enables real-time monitoring of patient's dose and includes a user management system. It also provides tools to associate procedure descriptions to regions  to edit alert rules for each region and to manage groups of procedure descriptions.For complete information about precautions and optimal usage conditions  we recommend consulting the instructions for use supplied with the software or by your local Guerbet representative(s).Manufacturer: MPTronicContrast&Care ® Indications for UseContrast&Care® is a medical device intended for use by healthcare professionals only. It allows imaging centers to collect  archive  view and share patients' injection data  including data concerning contrast products  adverse events  injector activity  data on the estimated eGFR and other pre-exam alerts  such as previously reported allergies.Contrast&Care® also provides options to visualize analytics data and trends relating to injection activity and contrast product usage.For complete information about precautions and optimal usage conditions  we consult the instructions for use supplied with the device or by your local Guerbet representative(s).Manufacturer: Medexicobrain Indications for Useicobrain is a 510(k) cleared medical device intended for automatic labeling  visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of MR or NCCT images. This software is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying  labeling and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures identified on MR or NCCT images.icobrain consists of two distinct image processing pipelines: icobrain cross and icobrain long. icobrain cross is intended to provide volumes from MT or NCCT images acquired in a single timepoint.icobrain long is intended to provide changes in volumes between two MR images that were acquired on the same scanner  with the same image acquisition protocol and with same contrast at two different time points.The results of icobrain cross cannot be compared with the results of icobrain long.Manufacturer: icometrixReferences:Elucirem [package insert]. Princeton  NJ: Guerbet LLC; 2022 Robic  C.  Port  M.  Rousseaux  O.  Louguet  S.  Fretellier  N.  Catoen  S.  Factor  C.  Le Greneur  S.  Medina  C.  Bourrinet  P.  Raynal  I.  Idée  J. M.  & Corot  C. (2019). Physicochemical and Pharmacokinetic Profiles of Gadopiclenol: A New Macrocyclic Gadolinium Chelate With High T1 Relaxivity. Investigative radiology  54(8)  475–484. https://doi.org/10.1097/RLI.0000000000000563 FDA's Multi-Discipline Review https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/nda/2022/216986Orig1s000MultidisciplineR.pdfNote: The person clicking on the link must be a registered attendee and be logged in to add the session to their agenda. Otherwise  the person will be stopped to register and/or login  as the direct link will not take them to our session page after login.Contacts:GuerbetClaire Lauvernier  Group Communication Director +33.6.79.52.11.88 / claire.lauvernier@guerbet.comActifinMathias Jordan  Media Relations +33.1.56.88.11.26 / mjordan@actifin.frCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/guerbet-to-spotlight-the-novel-new-drug-elucirem-gadopiclenol-injection-at-the-2022-radiological-society-of-north-america-scientific-assembly-and-annual-meeting-301685762.htmlSOURCE Guerbet",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.22,0.36,True,English,"['Novel New Drug Elucirem™', 'North America Scientific Assembly', '2022 Radiological Society', 'Annual Meeting', 'Guerbet', 'gadopiclenol', 'injection', 'novel, highly stable macrocyclic gadolinium-based contrast agent', 'The Picture Trial Leo Wolansky', 'The Picture Trial Christiane Kuhl', 'Maria Victoria Sainz de Cea', 'Maria V. Sainz de Cea', 'SPNR Multi-head deep learning model', 'Scientific Poster Sessions Learning Center', 'Date/Time Session Number Reduced', 'Dr. Samy Ammari Thu', 'single Human Equivalent Dose', 'glass pharmacy bulk packages', 'CNS) magnetic resonance imaging', 'Guerbet Research Scholar Grant', 'Important Safety Information WARNING', 'real life safety data', 'artificial intelligence software solutions', 'Gadolinium-based contrast agents', 'deep learning method', 'bi-parametric MRI Kourosh Jafari-Khouzani', 'novel new drug', 'complete boxed warning', 'virtual dose amplification', 'MRI contrast agents', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS', 'full prescribing information', 'acute kidney injury', 'international pharmacovigilance databases', 'Amin Katouzian Tue', 'DPS T5B-SPIN-4 Comparison', 'RSNA) Scientific Assembly', 'central nervous system', 'unmet medical needs', 'C. Eoulourmyl Strzeminska', 'new MRI product', 'musculoskeletal lesion visualization', 'Aly A. Mohamed', 'prostate cancer lesions', 'Guerbet Group Company', 'RSNA Innovation Theater', 'gadoterate meglumine) injection', 'Body Gd Exposure', 'macrocyclic GBCAs', 'Poster Presentations', 'SPNR Super-dose', 'musculoskeletal system', 'medical imaging', 'glass vials', 'Aly Mohamed', 'interventional imaging', 'imaging suite', 'AI) solutions', 'AI solutions', 'Drug Administration', 'diagnostic information', 'Latest Innovation', 'medical devices', 'C. Walton', 'C. Factor', 'MRI images', 'contrasted MRI', 'N.J.', 'US affiliate', 'global leader', 'comprehensive range', 'pharmaceutical products', '2022 Radiological Society', 'North America', 'Annual Meeting', 'David Hale', 'highest relaxivity', 'associated tissues', 'Priority Review', 'US Food', 'U.S.', 'marketing approval', 'impaired elimination', 'other modalities', 'other conditions', 'renal function', 'filtration rate', 'laboratory testing', 'Aashim Bhatia', 'Assistant Professor', 'Pediatric Neuroradiologist', 'Title Author', 'Healthy Rats', 'M. Rasschaert', 'M. Lefebvre', 'N. Decout', 'P. Robert', 'RSA-SPNPM Efficacy', 'SSNR13 Efficacy', 'Imran Shahid', 'Eric Lancelot', 'Alexandre Bone', 'Wen Wei', 'Noelle Debs', 'Alexandre Routier', 'Onofrio Caralano', 'Marwan Sati', 'three methods', 'lesion detection', 'Noelie Debs', 'Guerbet LLC', 'radiology community', 'first-hand opportunity', 'US FDA', 'gadopiclenol) injection', 'SSMSO1 Use', ""patients' experience"", 'pediatric patients', 'Booth', 'Elucirem™', 'Partnership', 'portfolio', 'digital', 'PRINCETON', 'PRNewswire', 'Dotarem®', 'clarity', 'insights', 'class', 'Elucirem®', 'adults', 'brain', 'spine', 'neck', 'thorax', 'abdomen', 'pelvis', 'basis', 'September', 'Story', 'plastic', 'syringes', 'workflow', 'NSF', 'risk', 'drugs', 'example', '>60 years', 'hypertension', 'diabetes', 'GFR', 'Opportunities', 'CST', 'Monday', 'MD', 'Children', 'Hospital', 'Philadelphia', 'Possibilities', 'Oral', '5 months', 'Gadobutrol', 'W6', 'MTI', 'S5', 'importance', 'symptoms', 'Dec.', 'R5A', 'sensitivity', 'neuro-oncology', 'Nov.', 'W5B', '1:15pm', '1:00', '12:15', '12:45', '1:30', '2:30', '3:30']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561356/0/en/ASML-Supervisory-Board-changes-announced.html,ASML Supervisory Board changes announced,ASML Supervisory Board changes announced  VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  November 23  2022 – ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces that Gerard...,ASML Supervisory Board changes announcedVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  November 23  2022 – ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces that Gerard Kleisterlee and Rolf-Dieter Schwalb will not stand for re-election as members of the Supervisory Board at the end of their current terms  which end per the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM) on April 26  2023.The Supervisory Board expresses its thanks to Gerard and Rolf-Dieter  who have served on the Supervisory Board since 2015  for their valuable contributions  in particular as Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Selection & Nomination Committee and as Chairman of the Audit Committee respectively. The Supervisory Board wishes Gerard and Rolf-Dieter all the best for the future.The Supervisory Board intends to nominate Nils Andersen for appointment as a member of the Supervisory Board effective from the 2023 AGM  with the intention to elect him as Chairman following his appointment. Nils Andersen  a Danish citizen  is currently Chair of Unilever Plc and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Akzo Nobel N.V. – he will step down from the latter prior to ASML’s 2023 AGM. Nils was Group Chief Executive of A.P. Møller - Mærsk from 2007 until 2016 and had previously been President and Chief Executive Officer of Carlsberg and Carlsberg Breweries.“We are very pleased to nominate Nils Andersen for appointment to our Supervisory Board. Nils brings a wealth of experience gained during his extensive international career both in executive and non-executive roles. We are confident that the Supervisory Board will highly benefit from Nils’s broad knowledge and leadership experience ” said Annet Aris  Vice Chair of the Supervisory Board.The Supervisory Board also intends to nominate Jack de Kreij for appointment as a member of the Supervisory Board effective from the 2023 AGM  with the intention to elect him as Chairman of the Audit Committee following his appointment. Jack de Kreij  a Dutch citizen  currently is the Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee at TomTom N.V.  Wolters Kluwer N.V.  and member of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee at Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V.. Jack was CFO and a member of the Executive Board of Royal Vopak N.V. from 2003 to 2018  and Vice Chairman of the Executive Board since 2010. He previously worked at PwC from 1986 until 2003  including as a (senior) partner from 1990.“We are very happy to nominate Jack de Kreij for appointment to the Supervisory Board. With his extensive experience at various multinational companies and his financial expertise  we are convinced that Jack will be a valuable contributor to the Supervisory Board ” said Gerard Kleisterlee  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Ryan Young +1 480 205 8659 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 37 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['ASML Supervisory Board changes', 'Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V..', 'Royal Vopak N.V.', 'Akzo Nobel N.V.', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'A.P. Møller', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'TomTom N.V.', 'ASML Supervisory Board changes', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'various multinational companies', 'Group Chief Executive', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jack de Kreij', 'extensive international career', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Mærsk', 'career opportunities', 'Executive Board', 'extensive experience', 'current terms', 'valuable contributions', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Danish citizen', 'Unilever Plc', 'non-executive roles', 'broad knowledge', 'Annet Aris', 'Dutch citizen', 'senior) partner', 'financial expertise', 'valuable contributor', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Ryan Young', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'multinational company', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leadership experience', 'Gerard Kleisterlee', 'Nils Andersen', 'Carlsberg Breweries', 'Vice Chair', 'energy-efficient microchips', 'Rolf-Dieter Schwalb', 'groundbreaking technology', 'Chairman', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'election', 'members', 'end', 'AGM', 'April', 'thanks', 'future', 'appointment', 'intention', 'President', 'wealth', 'CFO', 'PwC', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', '37,500 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13654,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561817/0/en/COFACE-SA-Fitch-affirms-Coface-AA-rating-with-stable-outlook.html,COFACE SA: Fitch affirms Coface AA- rating  with ‘stable’ outlook,Fitch affirms Coface AA- rating  with ‘stable’ outlook   Paris  23 November 2022 – 18.00  The rating agency Fitch  on 23 November 2022  affirmed Coface...,English FrenchFitch affirms Coface AA- rating  with ‘stable’ outlookParis  23 November 2022 – 18.00The rating agency Fitch  on 23 November 2022  affirmed Coface AA- Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) rating. The outlook remains stable.Fitch has also affirmed Coface SA's Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'A+'  with a stable outlook.The rating action reflects “Coface’s very strong company profile and capitalization  as well as a strong profitability through the cycle”. The stable outlook reflects Fitch’s view that “Coface continues to maintain sufficient rating headroom to weather rising corporate default risk in the current recessionary economic environment”.In Fitch’s press release  the agency rating recognizes Coface’s “very strong  well established and diversified franchise in the global trade credit insurance sector”. Fitch highlights also that “inflation is supportive of the company’s growth in revenues  which are based on client’s turnover and therefore largely linked to inflation”.Fitch views Coface’s financial performance “as strong across the economic cycle  underpinned by underwriting profitability and effective risk management and reinsurance”.CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 – corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2022/2023(subject to change)FY-2022 results: 16 February 2023 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.23,0.4,True,English,"['Coface AA- rating', 'COFACE SA', 'stable’ outlook', 'Fitch', 'global trade credit insurance sector', 'Coface AA- Insurer Financial Strength', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'rising corporate default risk', 'current recessionary economic environment', 'Long-Term Issuer Default Rating', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Interim Financial Report', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Main risk factors', 'sufficient rating headroom', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Coface AA- rating', 'effective risk management', 'integral regulatory information', 'adjacent specialty services', 'strong company profile', 'The Coface Group', 'global economy', 'FOR TRADE', 'credit decisions', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'rating agency', 'IFS) rating', 'rating action', 'agency rating', 'economic cycle', 'benoit.chastel', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'new information', 'English French', 'stable’ outlook', 'stable outlook', 'strong profitability', 'press release', 'diversified franchise', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'FY-2022 results', 'market close', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'Coface SA', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'unidentified risks', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Fitch', '23 November', 'IDR', 'capitalization', 'view', 'inflation', 'growth', 'revenues', 'client', 'turnover', 'reinsurance', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '16 May', 'website', 'APM', 'H1', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', 'world', 'companies', 'solutions', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,538 people', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'AMF', '6 April', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '49 02', '1 49']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561882/0/en/Press-release-Orange-signs-an-agreement-for-a-Sustainability-linked-refinancing-of-its-6bn-syndicated-credit-facility-with-27-banks.html,Press release: Orange signs an agreement for a Sustainability-linked refinancing of its €6bn syndicated credit facility with 27 banks,Paris  23 November 2022  Orange signs an agreement for a Sustainability-linked refinancing of its €6bn syndicated credit facility with 27 banks  Orange......,"English FrenchParis  23 November 2022Orange signs an agreement for a Sustainability-linked refinancing of its €6bn syndicated credit facility with 27 banksOrange signed today with 27 international banks a new Sustainability-linked multi-currency EUR 6 billion syndicated revolving facility in order to refinance in advance the existing facility expiring December 2023.This Sustainability-linked refinancing reflects the Group's commitments in terms of environmental and social responsibility  as the margin is linked to the achievement of sustainability targets relating to CO2 emissions (Scopes 1 & 2  Scope 3)  supporting its aim to become Net Zero Carbon by 2040  and gender diversity.Commenting on this announcement  Ramon Fernandez  Group Chief Financial Officer  said:“This refinancing is part of the Group’s prudent liquidity management  and the high oversubscription demonstrates the strong support of Orange’s core relationship financial partners. Through this Sustainability-linked transaction  we reaffirm Orange’s strong social and environmental commitments which are at the center of its Purpose  and our ambition to tie our financing policy with our CSR strategy”.The new facility  which has an initial November 2027 maturity  includes two one-year extension options. Such extension options can be exercised by Orange and are subject to the banks’ approval.This refinancing is secured at attractive conditions  with an opening margin of 25 basis points per year. A Sustainability-linked adjustment will provide for a maximum discount or premium of 2.25 basis points.For this transaction  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank acted as ESG Coordinator and Facility Agent. Bank of America and Natixis acted as Documentation Agents and Coordinators. The credit facility has been committed by 27 leading global financial institutions  among which the same pool as the previous facility who reconfirmed their support to Orange  and three additional international banks in order to reflect Orange’s business evolution.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 2021 and 136 500 employees worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 286 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 240 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contact:Tom Wright: tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['€6bn syndicated credit facility', 'Press release', 'Sustainability-linked refinancing', 'Orange', 'agreement', '27 banks', 'new Sustainability-linked multi-currency EUR 6 billion syndicated revolving facility', 'New York Stock Exchange', '€6bn syndicated credit facility', 'Crédit Agricole Corporate', 'core relationship financial partners', 'two one-year extension options', '24 million fixed broadband customers', '27 leading global financial institutions', 'three additional international banks', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Such extension options', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Net Zero Carbon', 'prudent liquidity management', 'initial November 2027 maturity', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'total customer base', 'Engage 2025"" strategic plan', '240 million mobile customers', 'new facility', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'Orange Business Services', '42.5 billion euros', '286 million customers', '27 international banks', 'Sustainability-linked adjustment', 'existing facility', 'Facility Agent', 'previous facility', 'leading provider', 'global IT', 'telecommunication services', 'Sustainability-linked refinancing', 'Sustainability-linked transaction', 'business evolution', 'banks’ approval', 'English French', 'sustainability targets', 'CO2 emissions', 'gender diversity', 'Ramon Fernandez', 'high oversubscription', 'financing policy', 'CSR strategy', '25 basis points', 'maximum discount', 'ESG Coordinator', 'Documentation Agents', 'same pool', 'multinational companies', 'operator model', 'growth areas', 'innovation model', 'responsible employer', 'emerging professions', 'service names', 'Press contact', 'Tom Wright', 'social responsibility', 'strong social', 'environmental accountability', 'strong support', 'attractive conditions', 'opening margin', 'Investment Bank', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'environmental commitments', '27 banks', 'agreement', 'order', 'advance', 'terms', 'achievement', 'Scopes', 'aim', 'announcement', 'center', 'Purpose', 'ambition', 'premium', 'America', 'Natixis', 'Coordinators', 'world', 'sales', '136,500 employees', '30 September', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'December', 'data', 'heart', 'symbol', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '23', '2040', '2021']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221122005844/en/Naspers-Delivers-Strong-Ecommerce-Revenue-Growth-and-Operating-Performance,Naspers Delivers Strong Ecommerce Revenue Growth and Operating Performance,CAPE TOWN  South Africa--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Naspers Limited (JSE: NPN) (LSE:NPSN) has announced a solid set of results for the first half of the year. Despite a turbulent period during which industry growth expectations and valuations came under significant pre…,CAPE TOWN  South Africa--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Naspers Limited (JSE: NPN) (LSE:NPSN) has announced a solid set of results for the first half of the year. Despite a turbulent period during which industry growth expectations and valuations came under significant pressure  we have increased ecommerce revenues and continued organic investment into those segments where we see the highest growth potential. This investment is focused on building and extending our offering within core products to meet local market needs  notably within autos at OLX  convenience delivery in Food and credit at PayU. Organic investment levels peaked during the period  and together with increased scale and actively managing our cost base  our business is well positioned for improvements in profitability and cash flow generation. It is our ambition for our consolidated ecommerce portfolio to become profitable in H1 of FY2025. Our buyback programme will continue for the foreseeable future  as it meaningfully improves net asset value (NAV) per share  creating permanent value that will compound over time.Headlines1Ecommerce revenue up 38%  driven by a strong operating performance across all four core segmentsGroup revenue up 9% to US$17bnGroup trading profit declined by 38% to US$1.4bn reflecting a lower contribution from Tencent and investment in ecommerce extensions; Core headline earnings down 51% to US$372mFocused organic investment in high potential businesses within our core segments; HY23 reflects peak investment spendOpen-ended buyback has unlocked permanent value for shareholders  with US$5.8bn of Prosus and Naspers shares repurchasedSignificant steps taken to drive profitability within core segments  with ecommerce portfolio on track to reach profitability within two yearsStrong and liquid balance sheet a strategic advantage in the current climate; US$16.0bn gross cash and US$760m net cashTencent announced on 16 November 2022  that it will distribute Meituan shares to its shareholders next year. Upon receipt of the shares  we will consider them as held for sale.Bob van Dijk  Group CEO  Prosus and Naspers  commented:“We have shown strong execution and operational growth through a volatile and challenging time. To further scale our ecommerce businesses  we have made significant organic investment in OLX Autos  credit  convenience delivery and edtech  which will drive sustainable long-term value creation for the Group. The Group’s open-ended buyback of Prosus and Naspers shares is unlocking real value. We expect the benefits of the programme to compound over time. Looking ahead  we will work towards simplifying the Group’s structure and to crystallise value from our portfolio.”Group performance1 2Group results – economic interest basis HY2023 HY2022 YoY change Revenues US$17bn US$16.8bn 9% Trading profit US$1.4bn US$2.8bn -38% Core headline earnings US$327m US$1.4bn -51% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues US$5.6bn US$4.2bn 38% Trading loss US$1.0bn US$524m -64% Classifieds Revenues US$1.3bn US$988m 60% Trading loss US$159m US$42m -279% Food Revenues US$1.9bn US$1.3bn 52% Trading loss US$381m US$312m -10% Payments & Fintech Revenues US$480m US$359m 55% Trading loss US$97m US$31m -194% Education technology Revenues US$334m US$120m 38% Trading loss US$178m US$48m -81% Group results - consolidated Revenues US$3.7bn US$3.3bn 29% Trading loss US$557m US$338m -56%Basil Sgourdos  Group CFO  Prosus and Naspers  commented:“Revenue grew strongly across our segments  despite the significant foreign currency headwinds in emerging markets and a lower contribution from Tencent. Our ecommerce businesses are all profitable or breakeven at the core and we have accelerated efforts to drive profitable growth. We expect HY23 to mark our peak investment spend  with profitability and cash flow generation improving from here on  with our ambition to be profitable on aggregate in H1 FY2025. Our strong balance sheet and significant liquidity is a key advantage in the current climate; we will remain disciplined on M&A and committed to maintaining our investment grade rating.”Strong growth and execution in ecommerceEcommerce revenues  on an economic interest basis  grew 38% to US$5.6bn  driven by strong top-line growth across all four core segments. Trading losses  reported on the same basis  expanded to US$1.0bn. On a consolidated basis  ecommerce revenue grew 30%  to US$3.6bn  while trading losses widened to US$462m. The cash needs of our business are only in relation to our consolidated businesses  and the losses of our associates are prefunded and do not impact our cash position.Profitability was impacted by continued investment in adjacent growth opportunities: autos transactions in Classifieds  a broader on-demand grocery delivery ecosystem in iFood  credit in Payments and Fintech  and the expansion of our Edtech segment.Our core Classifieds business  as well as iFood’s restaurant delivery business in Brazil  remain profitable.We expect HY23 to represent the high water mark in terms of trading losses  with profitability improving materially from this point on  as the benefits of our investment programme and cost reduction initiatives take hold.A detailed breakdown of the Net Asset Value of the Prosus portfolio  based on market consensus estimates  is on the Prosus website here.Classifieds – OLX Group3OLX had a strong start to the year  with revenues on an economic interest basis growing 60% to US$1.34bn. Trading losses increased to US$159m  reflecting significant investment to scale OLX Autos. Consolidated revenues grew 64% to US$1.22bn  while consolidated trading losses increased to US$154m.Operational metrics across the core classifieds business remained stable  with 89m active listings  80m monthly active app users and 2.1m paying listers.OLX has focused efforts on improving productivity  efficiencies and on cutting costs to ensure a sustainable long-term business. Excluding OLX Ukraine  this has resulted in an 9 percentage point improvement in trading profit margin in core classifieds to 27%.OLX Autos revenues grew by 84%  to US$1.0bn  as demand and prices for used cars remained high across several markets. Trading losses increased to US$206m driven by investment to expand our direct-to-consumer business. OLX Autos sold a record c.114 000 cars  up 60% on the prior period.Food DeliveryOur portfolio of food businesses is present in more than 70 countries  with the most significant businesses being iFood  Delivery Hero and Swiggy.The segment delivered strong growth  with a focus on improving profitability in the core restaurant businesses  coupled with controlled investment in growth extensions  such as quick commerce and groceries. On an economic interest basis  GMV grew 26%  increasing revenues by 52% to US$1.9bn. Investment into adjacencies increased trading losses by US$69m  to US$381m.iFood had an outstanding 6 months  as it continues to scale  and is on a defined path to profitable growth. In the core restaurant business in Brazil  orders increased by 2% and GMV by 13%  driving revenue growth of 29%  to US$606m. Trading profit was US$45m  with a trading margin of 7%  an improvement of 8 percentage points from the prior period. Overall  iFood trading losses improved to US$59m  reflecting continued investment in quick commerce and fintech initiatives.Within quick commerce and grocery delivery  iFood operates a hybrid model  through partnerships with existing grocery retailers  while also investing in dark stores. Orders from these new initiatives grew 152% and GMV 102%.Delivery Hero continued to deliver strong growth for its half year ended 30 June 2022  with GMV increasing 50% to €20.0bn and an improved adjusted EBITDA margin (as percentage of GMV) of -1.6% (prior period: -2.6%).Swiggy’s core restaurant food delivery business grew GMV by 40%  while its quick commerce GMV increased 15x during the first six months of the year. Our share of Swiggy’s revenue grew 118% to US$150m.Payments & Fintech – PayUPayU delivered good results  growing payment volumes and pursuing additional opportunities in credit and digital banking.Total number of transactions grew 17% year-on-year  driving total payment volume (TPV) growth of 49% to US$46bn. Economic interest revenue increased 55% to US$480m  with a trading loss of US$97m. Consolidated revenue grew 57% to US$412m  on the back of growth in payments in India  Turkey and Poland  as well as scaling of the credit business in India. Consolidated trading losses expanded to US$80m  as we continued to invest in growing our credit operations in India.In India  our largest payments market  TPV grew 59% to US$28bn  and revenue increased 48% to US$183m  following increased digitalisation in ecommerce  financial services and bill payments  and a rebound in post pandemic travel.The Global Payments Operations  focused mainly in Europe and Latin America  delivered strong growth. TPV grew 38% and revenues were up 45% to US$181m.Within PayU’s fintech investment portfolio  our share of Remitly’s revenue grew 46% to US$67m.EdtechTechnology is transforming the education sector and radically increasing access to learning across the world for many millions of people. The segment showed good topline growth  with revenues on an economic interest basis increasing 38% to US$334m  while trading losses grew to US$178m  impacted by one-off adjustments related to BYJU’s  Udemy and Skillsoft.Wholly-owned Stack Overflow  a leading knowledge-sharing platform  delivered solid progress  with total bookings increasing by 53% in the period. Revenue grew organically by 33% to US$45m  driven by Stack Overflow for Teams  which enables organisatons to build their own internal communities on top of the open platform. By the end of the period  Stack Overflow for Teams had 1 262 paying teams  generating an annual recurring revenue of US$50m.Our Edtech portfolio consists of 11 investments  covering the full span of learning from kindergarten through to grade 12 (K‒12)  and beyond  into third- and enterprise-level education.South African businessesTakealotThe Takealot Group  comprising Takealot.com  Mr D Food  and Superbalist  grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 13%  with a trading loss of US$13m. Superbalist and Mr D Food grew GMV by 15% and 13% respectively.Naspers FoundrySince its launch in 2019  Naspers Foundry has invested nearly R700 million and has 10 high-potential tech portfolio companies in fintech  marketplaces  mobility  edtech and agritech. All are South Africa-focused companies that are leveraging technology to improve the everyday lives of ordinary South Africans.In May 2022  Naspers Foundry invested R40m in Nile  a b2b marketplace connecting farmers to buyers of fresh produce and helping to make quality food accessible to people across Southern Africa. Naspers Foundry also built its growing fintech portfolio in the period  investing R40m in LifeCheq  a fintech platform driving financial inclusion by democratising access to financial advice.Naspers LabsNaspers Labs is a social impact programme that aims to address youth unemployment in South Africa by helping young people gain in-demand digital skills and work readiness training  along with job exposure and job matching. Naspers Labs’ mission is to help young people access decent job opportunities and to support self-sustained micro businesses. Since June 2021  Naspers Labs has trained 2 684 young people  placed 1 772 young people in entry level jobs in the tech sector and supported 31 micro entrepreneurs. In doing so  Labs is addressing the skills and educational needs that South Africa’s youth require to become productive participants as the economy becomes more digitally driven.Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa  South Africa CEO  Naspers  commented:“We remain resolute in our belief that technology will be central to driving inclusive economic growth in South Africa and beyond. During the first half of this year  Naspers has continued to play a key part in stimulating the country’s local tech sector through Naspers Foundry and preparing young people for a increasingly digital workplace through our youth development programme  Naspers Labs.”Our impactNaspers is building a portfolio of asset-light  low carbon business models that enable us to combine our global reach with specialist and local expertise. Its businesses deliver positive impact for society and the planet by using technology to improve everyday life for billions of people. Examples include enabling a wider systemic transition to the circular economy  broader financial inclusion  improved access to education  and facilitating livelihoods.In line with our commitment towards a decarbonised world  Naspers has recently signed ‘The Climate Pledge’  a commitment to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2040 – 10 years ahead of the goal set out in the United Nations’ Paris Climate Agreement. Prosus has also joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF)  a global collaboration between investors and financial institutions to help standardise frameworks for climate accounting and target setting.Earlier this year  we committed US$10m to support humanitarian aid efforts in Ukraine. Since then  we have deployed around US$8m of the total  to projects providing specialised medical equipment  mobile medical centres and modular houses.Through technology investments  we are able to encourage entrepreneurs focused on solutions to help others. Now in its third year  the Prosus Social Impact Challenge for Accessibility (SICA) provides an annual grant and mentorship to Indian start-ups with the most innovative and promising solutions in the assistive technology space. The top five startups  to be announced in December  will have access to a pool of mentors and financing opportunities through SICA partners including Invest India and Social Alpha  as well as the World Health Organization.For full details of the Group’s results  please visit www.naspers.com.About Naspers:Established in 1915  Naspers has transformed itself to become a global consumer internet company and one of the largest technology investors in the world. Through Prosus  the group operates and invests globally in markets with long-term growth potential  building leading consumer internet companies that empower people and enrich communities. Prosus has its primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam  and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and Naspers is the majority owner of Prosus.In South Africa  Naspers is one of the foremost investors in the technology sector and is committed to building its internet and ecommerce companies. These include Takealot  Mr D Food  Superbalist  Autotrader  Property24 and PayU  in addition to Media24  South Africa’s leading print and digital media business.Naspers has a primary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (NPN.SJ) and a secondary listing on the A2X Exchange (NPN.AJ) in South Africa and has an ADR listing on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: NPSN).For more information  please visit www.naspers.com.Naspers FoundryNaspers is also focused on stimulating South Africa’s local tech sector through Naspers Foundry. This is a R1.4 billion investment vehicle that invests in early-stage technology companies that seek to address big societal needs.Naspers LabsIn 2019  Naspers Labs  a youth development programme designed to transform and launch South Africa’s unemployed youth into economic activity  was launched. Naspers Labs focuses on digital skills and training  enabling young people to pursue tech careers.Naspers for GoodNaspers employees is equally committed to giving back. Naspers for Good is a corporate philanthropy fund administered by a committee of employees in South Africa. Through the fund  Naspers forms partnerships with organisations that have a proven track record of delivering solutions for the most pressing challenges affecting our communities. Email causes@naspers.com for more information.________________________________________________1 Group results shown on economic-interest basis from continuing operations (i.e.  including a proportionate consolidation of the contribution from associates and joint ventures)  unless stated otherwise. All growth percentages shown in this media release are shown in local currency terms  adjusted for acquisitions and disposals.2 To reconcile revenue on an economic interest basis  with total consolidated revenue  see note 5  on page 26 of the Naspers summarised consolidated interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 September 2022.3 In May 2022  the group announced an intention to exit Avito. The disposal of Avito was concluded in October 2022. Avito is now treated as a discontinued operation in the financial results.,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.13,0.32,True,English,"['Strong Ecommerce Revenue Growth', 'Operating Performance', 'Naspers', 'demand grocery delivery ecosystem', 'significant foreign currency headwinds', 'sustainable long-term value creation', 'four core segments Group revenue', 'US$16.0bn gross cash', 'liquid balance sheet', 'Bob van Dijk', 'HY2022 YoY change', 'high water mark', 'cash flow generation', 'Core headline earnings', 'industry growth expectations', 'highest growth potential', 'adjacent growth opportunities', 'local market needs', 'economic interest basis', 'strong operating performance', 'strong balance sheet', 'peak investment spend', 'investment grade rating', 'high potential businesses', 'strong top-line growth', 'Education technology Revenues', 'net asset value', 'Organic investment levels', 'restaurant delivery business', 'significant organic investment', 'Group trading profit', 'core Classifieds business', 'net cash', 'cash needs', 'Strong growth', 'convenience delivery', 'core products', 'cash position', 'significant pressure', 'Significant steps', 'significant liquidity', 'operational growth', 'profitable growth', 'same basis', 'Ecommerce revenue', 'permanent value', 'real value', 'continued investment', 'Group CEO', 'The Group', 'Group performance1', 'Group CFO', 'consolidated basis', 'ecommerce businesses', 'Trading loss', 'CAPE TOWN', 'South Africa', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'solid set', 'first half', 'cost base', 'foreseeable future', 'lower contribution', 'Open-ended buyback', 'two years', 'strategic advantage', 'current climate', 'Basil Sgourdos', 'emerging markets', 'key advantage', 'M&A', 'consolidated businesses', 'ecommerce extensions', 'Classifieds Revenues', 'Group results', 'strong execution', 'Meituan shares', 'autos transactions', 'Naspers Limited', 'ecommerce portfolio', 'turbulent period', 'buyback programme', 'Edtech segment', 'Food Revenues', 'Fintech Revenues', 'Naspers shares', 'challenging time', 'OLX Autos', 'H1 FY2025', 'losses', 'JSE', 'NPN', 'NPSN', 'offering', 'credit', 'PayU.', 'scale', 'improvements', 'profitability', 'ambition', 'NAV', 'Headlines1', 'Tencent', 'HY23', 'shareholders', 'Prosus', 'track', '16 November', 'receipt', 'sale', 'volatile', 'benefits', 'structure', 'Payments', 'efforts', 'aggregate', 'relation', 'associates', 'broader', 'iFood', 'expansion', 'Brazil', 'terms']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561341/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6955 £ 24.3103 Estimated MTD return -1.48 % -1.42 % Estimated YTD return -5.15 % -3.93 % Estimated ITD return 176.95 % 143.10 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.40 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.9906 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.6723The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561340/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6955 £ 24.3103 Estimated MTD return -1.48 % -1.42 % Estimated YTD return -5.15 % -3.93 % Estimated ITD return 176.95 % 143.10 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.40 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.9906 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.6723The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13659,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561814/0/en/Manutan-Financial-year-2021-2022-Growing-turnover-and-increasing-profits-for-the-Group.html,Manutan : Financial year 2021/2022 : Growing turnover and increasing profits for the Group,Financial notice of November 23  2022  Financial year 2021/2022:Growing turnover and increasing profits for the Group  In millions of......,English FrenchFinancial notice of November 23  2022Financial year 2021/2022:Growing turnover and increasing profits for the GroupIn millions of euros2021/20222020/2021VariationTurnover 906.5 819.9 +10.6% Current operating profit 65.3 59.3 +10.2% Operating profit 66.6 59.2 +12.4% Net income 50.8 42.3 +20.2%Strong growth momentum continued throughout the financial yearDuring the financial year 2021/2022  Manutan Group's turnover reached € 906.5 million compared to € 819.9 million the previous year  representing an increase of +10.6% (up +9.8% at constant exchange rates and days  with a +0.6% exchange rate effect and a +0.2% days effect). This performance was driven by the Enterprise Division  which grew in all geographic areas. The activity of the Local Authorities division remained stable compared to the previous year.Une rentabilité opérationnelle en hausse de 12 4%The Group's operating profitability was 7.3% compared with 7.2% for the previous year. This is mainly due to:The growth in business over the year;The controlled evolution of the commercial margin rate in an inflationary context  which stands at 37.3% compared to 36.9% for the previous financial year;Efficient running costs management  with a rate of 30.1% of turnover  despite the higher costs incurred in the web and in the technological platform to support development;Favorable non-current items (€1.2 million over the period compared to €0.1 million for fiscal year 2020/2021)  as a result of a reversal of a provision on a real estate asset.Net income up by 20.2%Net income amounted to 5.6% of turnover  compared with 5.2% the previous year. The increase in net income includes:An improvement in financial results  thanks in particular to currency fluctuations and the hedge instruments put in place;An effective tax rate of 24.4% of pre-tax income  linked to the lower corporate income tax rate in France.DividendsIn light of the results recorded and the economic situation  the payment of a dividend per share of 1.80 euro (i.e. a total dividend of 13.7 million euro for the 7 600 229 shares issued (excluding treasury shares)) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held in March 2023 to approve the financial statements for the year ending September 30  2022.A robust financial positionThe Group has maintained a financial structure and a cash level that allows it to finance its activities and investments in the current economic circumstances. The Group has 110 million euro in free cash flow and its financial debt (including impact of the implementation of IFRS 16 on leasing debts) represents 5.1% of the total balance sheet at September 30  2022.Outlook for financial year 2022/2023Given the inflationary and still uncertain environment  which limits visibility for the coming year  the Group will pursue its development strategy while protecting its profitability. This strategy will notably involve extending the range of responsible products and services  as well as strengthening the hybrid business model combining digital  personalized omnichannel client approach and operational agility  all necessary in the current economic context.*********************About the Manutan GroupA family-run business created in 1966  Manutan is one of Europe’s leading B2B e-commerce companies specialized in the distribution of equipment and supplies  thanks to a model that allies the strengths of digital to a human ambition.Its vast range of carefully selected products and services enables its customers – be they in the private sector  the public sector  or the trade – to operate efficiently and sustainably on a daily basis  along with the implementation of a purchasing optimization strategy.With 27 subsidiaries established in 17 countries in Europe  the Group has more than 2 200 employees and a turnover of 820 million euros in 2020/2021. Manutan France is awarded Best Workplaces 2022 and 9 other subsidiaries among the Group are certified Great Place to Work.Manutan International is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment B- ISIN: FR0000032302-MAN.www . m anutan . co mNext publication : Q1 2022/2023 TurnoverScheduled for January 18  2023 (after market closure).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Financial year', 'Manutan', 'turnover', 'profits', 'Group', 'digital, personalized omnichannel client approach', 'lower corporate income tax rate', 'leading B2B e-commerce companies', 'Efficient running costs management', 'effective tax rate', 'constant exchange rates', 'rentabilité opérationnelle', 'commercial margin rate', 'Favorable non-current items', 'real estate asset', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Compartment B- ISIN', 'current economic circumstances', '+0.6% exchange rate effect', 'Local Authorities division', 'free cash flow', 'total balance sheet', 'robust financial position', 'current economic context', 'Strong growth momentum', 'purchasing optimization strategy', 'Current operating profit', 'hybrid business model', 'previous financial year', 'higher costs', 'economic situation', 'Net income', 'Enterprise Division', 'pre-tax income', 'total dividend', 'cash level', 'Financial notice', 'financial statements', 'financial structure', 'financial debt', 'previous year', 'English French', '+0.2% days effect', 'geographic areas', 'controlled evolution', 'inflationary context', 'technological platform', 'currency fluctuations', 'hedge instruments', 'uncertain environment', 'operational agility', 'family-run business', 'human ambition', 'private sector', 'public sector', 'daily basis', 'Best Workplaces', 'Euronext Paris', 'Next publication', 'market closure', 'fiscal year', 'coming year', 'operating profitability', 'Manutan International', 'financial results', '13.7 million euro', '110 million euro', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'development strategy', 'responsible products', 'vast range', '820 million euros', '9 other subsidiaries', 'Great Place', 'Manutan Group', 'Manutan France', 'Growing turnover', '1.80 euro', '7,600,229 shares', '27 subsidiaries', '23 Turnover', 'November', 'profits', 'millions', 'Variation', 'increase', 'performance', 'activity', 'hausse', 'web', 'period', 'reversal', 'provision', 'improvement', 'Dividends', 'light', 'payment', 'Shareholders', 'March', 'September', 'activities', 'investments', 'impact', 'implementation', 'IFRS', 'debts', 'Outlook', 'visibility', 'services', 'Europe', 'distribution', 'equipment', 'supplies', 'strengths', 'customers', 'trade', '17 countries', '2,200 employees', 'Q1', 'January', 'Attachment', '7.2', '36', '20.']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561380/0/en/Atos-successfully-deploys-Mon-Espace-Sant%C3%A9-France-s-online-health-platform.html,Atos successfully deploys Mon Espace Santé  France’s online health platform,Atos successfully deploysMon Espace Santé  France’s online health platform  Mon Espace Santé enables 65 million people to access digital health...,English FrenchAtos successfully deploysMon Espace Santé  France’s online health platformMon Espace Santé enables 65 million people to access digital health services in a sovereign and secure environmentParis  France – November 23  2022 – A consortium led by Atos announces the successful delivery of the secure Mon Espace Santé (MES) platform  which was co-developed with France’s National Health Insurance Fund (CNAM). Awarded at the end of November 2020 following a series of negotiations  the contract includes the design  development  hosting  operation and maintenance of Mon Espace Santé. The project was delivered on a tight schedule of 13 months  in compliance with the required specifications.Accessible to all French citizens since January 2022  Mon Espace Santé  a key pillar of France’s Ma santé 2022 roadmap spearheaded by the country’s Ministerial Delegation for Digital Health (DNS)  simplifies the healthcare pathway for 65 million users as well as their interactions with healthcare professionals. Mon Espace Santé is a personal and fully customizable digital service  available to all healthcare system users. It enables all users to store and share their documents and health data in complete security. Data for the sovereign platform  Mon Espace Santé  is hosted in France and protected by the country’s government and national health insurance system. MES is based on international standards for health information exchange.The consortium draws on Atos’ capacity to manage large-scale transformation projects using an agile approach  coupled with the Group’s integration expertise  its long-standing experience in cybersecurity and Identity and Access Management  and its status as a healthcare data host. Atos hosts the Mon Espace Santé platform in France on a secure private cloud. The initiative reflects Atos’ positioning as a key player in the digital transformation of France’s healthcare sector.The consortium contributed its Design Studio capabilities to build a platform focused on user experience. The design teams’ use of the Design Studio methodology enables analysis of user pathways and monthly integration of new functionalities by optimizing the integration of user feedback. The consortium’s expertise in consumer mobile applications and solutions gives users anytime access to their information which they can share with their preferred healthcare provider.Atos’ consortium includes three French players  all leaders in their respective sectors: Maincare Solutions (components for Identity Management and health directories)  Gravitee (API platform) and Beezim (open source messaging expertise).Thanks to the integration of highly standardized and reversible open-source components and the use of a Full DevSecOps approach  the consortium ensures scalable maintainability and strong agility and operability  necessary to implement and deploy Mon Espace Santé quickly and to scale.The security of Mon Espace Santé was taken into account from the design phase of the project by Atos' cybersecurity experts to deliver a state-of-the-art system that is operated 24/7 in France and processes alert notifications continuously.Mon Espace Santé is unique for the scale of the transformation  in which it involves all stakeholders in the French healthcare system. Atos is particularly proud to have delivered an open  sovereign  highly secure and scalable digital platform.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 112 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press ContactAtos - Isabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88Attachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Mon Espace Santé', 'online health platform', 'Atos', 'France', 'National Health Insurance Fund', 'open source messaging expertise', 'national health insurance system', 'open, sovereign, highly secure', 'secure Mon Espace Santé', 'Mon Espace Santé platform', 'Ma santé 2022 roadmap', 'consumer mobile applications', 'high performance computing', 'preferred healthcare provider', 'three French players', 'customizable digital service', 'Design Studio capabilities', 'Design Studio methodology', 'Full DevSecOps approach', 'online health platform', 'health information exchange', 'French healthcare system', 'large-scale transformation projects', 'reversible open-source components', 'secure private cloud', 'secure information space', 'healthcare data host', 'design teams’ use', 'healthcare system users', 'digital health services', 'scalable digital platform', ""Atos' cybersecurity experts"", 'art system', 'health data', 'health directories', 'secure environment', 'sovereign platform', 'healthcare pathway', 'healthcare professionals', 'healthcare sector', 'English French', 'French citizens', 'MES) platform', 'digital transformation', 'API platform', 'decarbonized digital', 'design phase', 'agile approach', 'multicultural approach', '65 million people', 'successful delivery', 'tight schedule', 'key pillar', 'Ministerial Delegation', 'international standards', 'long-standing experience', 'key player', 'user experience', 'user pathways', 'new functionalities', 'user feedback', 'respective sectors', 'strong agility', 'alert notifications', 'global leader', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'decarbonization services', 'Societas Europaea', 'technological excellence', 'Press Contact', 'Isabelle Grangé', '65 million users', 'Maincare Solutions', 'complete security', 'integration expertise', 'Access Management', 'monthly integration', 'Identity Management', 'Euronext Paris', 'Atos’ capacity', 'Atos’ positioning', 'end solutions', 'Atos’ consortium', 'France', 'November', 'CNAM', 'series', 'negotiations', 'contract', 'development', 'hosting', 'operation', 'maintenance', '13 months', 'compliance', 'required', 'specifications', 'January', 'country', 'DNS', 'interactions', 'personal', 'documents', 'government', 'Group', 'status', 'initiative', 'analysis', 'leaders', 'Gravitee', 'Beezim', 'standardized', 'maintainability', 'operability', 'account', 'state', 'stakeholders', '112,000 employees', 'tailored', 'industries', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'safe', 'grange', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2022/11/23/healthbeacon-develops-software-platform-for-cancer-medication/,HealthBeacon develops software platform for cancer medication,Dublin-based medical technology company says new platform will create a new recurring revenue stream for the group,Dublin-based medical technology company HealthBeacon has developed a new software platform to help cancer patients take their medication more safely.The “global patient safety platform” has been developed over the last two years in collaboration with the pharmaceutical industry and has been recently approved by regulators in both the UK and Ireland.The company  which floated on Euronext Dublin last December  said the product is scheduled to launch in Australia and New Zealand.The platform is designed to replace a paper-based system to ensure the right people get access to the right drugs and drive down the cost of administration.READ MOREHealthBeacon  which was founded in 2013 and is led by chief executive and co-founder Jim Joyce  said the platform will create a new recurring revenue stream for the group  where pharmaceutical manufacturers pay a licensing fee for access to the system.This would help them meet their regulatory requirements and ensures access to critical medications. HealthBeacon anticipates the technology will support more than 1 000 patients by the end of 2022.To date  more than 800 pharmacies have already adopted the system across Ireland and the UK and 12 pharmaceutical companies have bought licenses to replace their paper-based system with HealthBeacon’s software.The first drug to be prescribed on the platform is lenalidomide  used to treat certain cancers.If lenalidomide is taken during pregnancy  it poses a risk of birth defects. Using a series of electronic checks and balances  HealthBeacon’s platform is designed to ensure the medication cannot be dispensed until a set of agreed safety protocols have been validated.Ultimately  according to the group  the platform reduces the potential for human error associated with traditional prescription methods.In Ireland  the system is approved by the Health Products Regulatory Authority and has been whitelisted by the Health Service Executive  meaning it can directly contact every pharmacy in the country.,neutral,0.01,0.84,0.15,mixed,0.29,0.04,0.67,True,English,"['software platform', 'cancer medication', 'HealthBeacon', 'new recurring revenue stream', 'Health Products Regulatory Authority', 'Dublin-based medical technology company', 'global patient safety platform', 'last two years', 'traditional prescription methods', 'Health Service Executive', 'new software platform', 'New Zealand', 'regulatory requirements', 'safety protocols', 'chief executive', 'Euronext Dublin', 'right people', 'right drugs', 'Jim Joyce', 'licensing fee', 'critical medications', 'first drug', 'birth defects', 'electronic checks', 'human error', 'pharmaceutical industry', '12 pharmaceutical companies', 'cancer patients', 'paper-based system', '1,000 patients', 'HealthBeacon', 'collaboration', 'regulators', 'UK', 'Ireland', 'Australia', 'access', 'cost', 'administration', 'READ', 'founder', 'group', 'manufacturers', 'end', 'date', '800 pharmacies', 'licenses', 'lenalidomide', 'cancers', 'pregnancy', 'risk', 'series', 'balances', 'set', 'potential', 'country', '2022']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,irishtimes.com
13662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/eric-brunner-exonerated-based-on-key-dna-evidence-provided-by-dna-diagnostics-center-ddc-in-partnership-with-the-ohio-innocence-project-301685675.html,Eric Brunner Exonerated Based on Key DNA Evidence Provided by DNA Diagnostics Center (DDC) in Partnership with the Ohio Innocence Project,"FAIRFIELD  Ohio  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- DNA Diagnostics Center  Inc. (""DDC"")  part of the global network of Eurofins companies  announces that Eric Brunner  a Canton  OH man who was convicted of rape and attempted rape of two women in 1996  has been ex…","FAIRFIELD  Ohio  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- DNA Diagnostics Center  Inc. (""DDC"")  part of the global network of Eurofins companies  announces that Eric Brunner  a Canton  OH man who was convicted of rape and attempted rape of two women in 1996  has been exonerated based on key DNA analysis performed by DDC's Forensics Department in conjunction with the Ohio Innocence Project (OIP). Mr. Brunner served 13 years in prison before he was released on parole in 2009.After Mr. Brunner's release  the OIP worked to overturn the conviction due to the limitations and stigmatization that Mr. Brunner experienced from the conviction and sexual offender status  including opportunities for employment and housing.In 2019  DNA testing conducted by DDC Forensics definitively concluded that Mr. Brunner's DNA did not match the perpetrator's DNA collected from the rape kit. Based on this evidence  the Stark County judge overturned the rape conviction. On August 30  2022  Ohio's Fifth District Court of Appeals also overturned the attempted rape conviction  freeing Mr. Brunner of sexual offender status.DDC Forensics is proud to have provided the DNA testing in this case  applauds the OIP for its success in freeing Mr. Brunner from both convictions  and hopes this ruling can provide a pathway to healing for Mr. Brunner.Brian Howe  Brunner's attorney at the OIP  said ""DDC Forensics was able to get a clean  unambiguous DNA profile from the rape kit evidence using technological advancements not previously available. Thanks to DDC's outstanding work  Eric Brunner now has physical proof to back up his longstanding innocence claims.""DDC has partnered with Innocence Projects throughout the U.S. on over 100 cases to analyze DNA evidence since the foundation of DDC's Forensics Department in 2003  including fourteen exonerations.Media Contact:Julie A. Heinig  PhDLaboratory Director of Forensics  DDC[email protected]About DNA Diagnostics CenterDDC is one of the most highly accredited genetic-testing laboratories in the world. The company provides comprehensive consumer and legal DNA testing services for paternity and family relationships  fertility  lifestyle  veterinary  and forensics worldwide.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With over 61 000 staff across a network of 940 laboratories in 59 countries  Eurofins' companies offer a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.SOURCE DNA DIAGNOSTICS CENTER  INC.",neutral,0.0,0.9,0.09,mixed,0.29,0.04,0.67,True,English,"['Key DNA Evidence', 'DNA Diagnostics Center', 'Ohio Innocence Project', 'Eric Brunner', 'DDC', 'Partnership', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'clean, unambiguous DNA profile', 'SOURCE DNA DIAGNOSTICS CENTER', 'legal DNA testing services', 'sexual offender status', 'Stark County judge', 'Fifth District Court', 'Julie A. Heinig', 'PhD Laboratory Director', 'longstanding innocence claims', 'key DNA analysis', 'Ohio Innocence Project', 'rape kit evidence', 'Innocence Projects', 'DNA evidence', 'OH man', 'two women', 'Brian Howe', 'technological advancements', 'outstanding work', 'physical proof', 'U.S.', 'fourteen exonerations', 'Media Contact', 'comprehensive consumer', 'family relationships', 'global leader', '200,000 analytical methods', 'Eric Brunner', 'Mr. Brunner', 'Forensics Department', 'Eurofins companies', ""Eurofins' companies"", 'Eurofins Shares', 'global network', 'genetic-testing laboratories', 'rape conviction', 'DDC Forensics', '940 laboratories', 'FAIRFIELD', 'PRNewswire', 'Canton', 'conjunction', 'OIP', '13 years', 'prison', 'parole', 'release', 'limitations', 'stigmatization', 'opportunities', 'employment', 'housing', 'perpetrator', 'August', 'Appeals', 'case', 'success', 'convictions', 'ruling', 'pathway', 'healing', 'attorney', 'foundation', 'accredited', 'world', 'company', 'paternity', 'fertility', 'lifestyle', 'veterinary', 'bio-analysis', '61,000 staff', '59 countries', 'portfolio']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,prnewswire.com
13663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/23/2561801/0/en/SOITEC-REPORTS-FIRST-HALF-RESULTS-OF-FISCAL-YEAR-2023.html,SOITEC REPORTS FIRST HALF RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023,SOITEC REPORTS FIRST HALF RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023  Revenue reached €471m in H1’23  up 26% on a reported basis and up 18% at constant exchange rates...,English FrenchSOITEC REPORTS FIRST HALF RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023Revenue reached €471m in H1’23  up 26% on a reported basis and up 18% at constant exchange rates and perimeterEBITDA 1 margin 2 reached 35.5% of revenue Current operating income increased by 46% to €110m Free Cash Flow was positive at €7m while capacity investments increased further FY’23 guidance confirmed: revenue growth expected around 20% at constant exchange rates and perimeter and EBITDA 1 margin 2 expected around 36%Bernin (Grenoble)  France  November 23rd  2022 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced its results for the first half of fiscal year 2023 (ended on September 30th  2022). The financial statements3 were approved by the Board of Directors during its meeting today.Pierre Barnabé  Soitec’s CEO  commented: “We achieved another strong performance in the first half of our fiscal year 2023  delivering sustained revenue growth across our three end markets and a robust EBITDA margin. This allowed us to generate a positive free cash flow after having further increased our capacity investments in order to fuel our FY26 Strategic Plan ambitions. We also maintained a very healthy financial position. Soitec is on track to achieve its full-year guidance.“The first half of the year has also seen great progress on executing on our strategic initiatives  including the release of our first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC wafer or the decision to extend our Singapore-based 300-mm facility. In Bernin  we are on schedule in preparing the building of our future production facility that will be primarily dedicated to SmartSiC engineered wafers and therefore be instrumental in capturing the silicon carbide opportunity for electric vehicles and industrial applications. We are also very pleased with the launch of manufacturing collaboration between GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics further enhancing FD-SOI technology adoption ” added Pierre Barnabé.Strong revenue growth and robust EBITDA1 margin2Consolidated income statement (part 1)(Euros millions) H1’23 H1’22 % change Revenue 471 373 +26% Gross profit 168 131 +27% As a % of revenue 35.6% 35.2% Net research and development expenses (29) (28) +5% Selling  general and administrative expenses (28) (28) -0% Current operating income 110 75 +46% As a % of revenue 23.4% 20.2% EBITDA1 from continuing operations 167 137 +22% As a % of revenue 35.5% 36.8%Consolidated revenue reached 471 million Euros in H1’23 up 26% on a reported basis compared with 373 million Euros in H1’22. This reflects an 18% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter combined with a positive currency impact of 9%4.Mobile communications continue to be supported by the ongoing adoption of 5G smartphones and WiFi6  as well as the deployment of 5G infrastructure. Revenue reached 341 million Euros in H1’23 (72% of total revenue)  up 23% on a reported basis and up 14% at constant exchange rates and perimeter compared to H1’22. This is mainly reflecting ongoing success in radiofrequency applications materialized by the increase in RF content in every 5G smartphone  higher sales being enabled by the ongoing ramp-up in production at Singapore facility. FD-SOI wafers for front end modules also delivered strong growth while several customers are going through an adoption phase of POI wafers dedicated to RF filters.continue to be supported by the ongoing adoption of 5G smartphones and WiFi6  as well as the deployment of 5G infrastructure. Revenue reached 341 million Euros in H1’23 (72% of total revenue)  up 23% on a reported basis and up 14% at constant exchange rates and perimeter compared to H1’22. This is mainly reflecting ongoing success in radiofrequency applications materialized by the increase in RF content in every 5G smartphone  higher sales being enabled by the ongoing ramp-up in production at Singapore facility. FD-SOI wafers for front end modules also delivered strong growth while several customers are going through an adoption phase of POI wafers dedicated to RF filters. Demand from the automotive industry is increasingly supported by infotainment  autonomous driving and functional safety  as well as by the shift to electric and hybrid engines. Automotive & Industrial revenue amounted to 57 million Euros in H1’23 (12% of total revenue)  up 72% on a reported basis and up 59% at constant exchange rates and perimeter compared to H1’22. Growth mostly came from FD-SOI wafers dedicated to automotive applications whereas Power-SOI wafers also recorded a significant increase.revenue amounted to 57 million Euros in H1’23 (12% of total revenue)  up 72% on a reported basis and up 59% at constant exchange rates and perimeter compared to H1’22. Growth mostly came from FD-SOI wafers dedicated to automotive applications whereas Power-SOI wafers also recorded a significant increase. Smart devices market is driven by more complex sensors  higher connectivity functionalities and embedded intelligence  leading to more powerful and efficient edge artificial intelligence chips. Smart devices revenue reached 73 million Euros in H1’23 (16% of total revenue)  up 17% on a reported basis and up 10% at constant exchange rates and perimeter compared to H1’22. Growth in FD-SOI wafers was very strong  confirming structural demand for Internet of Things (IoT) and Edge Computing devices across consumer and industrial sectors. Soitec also leveraged sustained growth in Photonics-SOI wafers for data transceivers and in Imager-SOI wafers for 3D imaging applications.Gross profit reached 168 million Euros in H1’23  up 27% from 131 million Euros in H1’22  reflecting a 0.4 points increase in gross margin  from 35.2% of revenue in H1’22 to 35.6% of revenue in H1’23. Soitec achieved a strong operating leverage due to the robust increase in activity as well as from a good industrial performance. This strong performance offsets an unfavorable currency impact  due to hedging  and inflationary cost increases  including  as anticipated  higher bulk material prices within the framework of Soitec’s long-term agreements with its suppliers.Current operating income increased by 46% to 110 million Euros in H1’23  up from 75 million Euros in H1’22. This translates into a strong increase in current operating margin from 20.2% of revenue in H1’22 to 23.4% of revenue in H1’23 thanks to a tight control over SG&A as well as slight increase in net R&D expenses:Net R&D expenses increased slightly from 28 million Euros in H1’22 to 29 million Euros in H1’23 but they went down as a percentage of revenue  from 7.4% in H1’22 to 6.1% in H1’23. Gross R&D expenses before capitalization increased by 7 million Euros as Soitec continued to invest in innovation and in the expansion of its product portfolio.increased slightly from 28 million Euros in H1’22 to 29 million Euros in H1’23 but they went down as a percentage of revenue  from 7.4% in H1’22 to 6.1% in H1’23. Gross R&D expenses before capitalization increased by 7 million Euros as Soitec continued to invest in innovation and in the expansion of its product portfolio. Selling  general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were stable compared to H1’22  at 28 million Euros  but they went down as a percentage of revenue  from 7.6% in H1’22 to 6.0% in H1’23. The increase in the number of staff and in salaries was offset by a decline in share-based compensation in line with the lower share price.The EBITDA1 from continuing operations amounted to 167 million Euros in H1’23  up 22% from 137 million Euros in H1’22  reflecting a slightly lower EBITDA1 margin2  down from 36.8% in H1’22 to 35.5% in H1’23. While its strong operating leverage allowed Soitec to maintain a sustained R&D activity and a very sound profitability  the EBITDA1 margin2 integrates a negative currency impact and inflationary cost increases.Depreciation and amortization expenses went up from 37 million Euros in H1’22 to 50 million Euros in H1’23 as a result of the increased industrial capacity as well as R&D investments carried out by the Group in previous years.Consolidated income statement (part 2)(Euros millions) H1’23 H1’22 % change Current operating income 110 75 +46% Other operating income and expenses 0 9 Operating income 110 85 +30% Net financial result (2) (5) Income tax (13) (6) Net profit from continuing operations 95 74 +27% Net profit / (loss) from discontinued operations 0 (0) Net profit  Group share 95 74 +28%Basic earnings per share (in €) 2.72 2.23 +22% Diluted earnings per share (in €) 2.65 2.14 +24% Number of shares 35 001 682 33 311 866 Number of diluted shares 36 951 749 36 680 990In H1’23 the amount of other operating income and expenses was not material whereas the Group recorded a non-recurring income of 9 million Euros in H1’22 mainly reflecting the full reversal of an impairment loss related to Singapore industrial building which had been recognized in FY’16. Consequently  the operating income reached 110 million Euros in H1’23  up 30% compared to 85 million Euros recorded in H1’22.The net financial result was a loss of 2 million Euros in H1’23 compared to a loss of 5 million Euros in H1’22. On the one hand  the Group benefited from a 2 million Euros decrease in net financial expenses mostly related to the conversion of OCEANEs 2023 bonds in October 2021. On the other hand  the Group recorded a net financial income of 4 million Euros in H1’23 compared to a gain of 3 million Euros recorded in H1’22.Income tax expense amounted to 13 million Euros in H1’23 compared to 6 million Euros in H1’22. The Group continues to benefit from tax loss carryforwards.The net profit  Group share amounted to 95 million Euros in H1’23  up 28% from a net profit of 74 million Euros recorded in H1’22.Positive Free Cash Flow while capacity investments further increasedConsolidated cash-flows(Euros millions) H1’23 H1’22 Continuing operations EBITDA1 167 137 Change in working capital (26) (82) Tax paid (15) 3 Net cash generated by operating activities 126 59 Net cash used in investing activities (120) (101) Free Cash Flow 7 (43) Proceeds from shareholders and other items 0 0 Drawing on credit lines  new loans and debt repayment (including finance leases) (15) (10) Financial expenses (3) (2) Net cash used in financing activities (17) (11) Impact of exchange rate fluctuations 26 1 Net change in cash 15 (53) Discontinued operations (0) (2) Group net change in cash 15 (54)The Group was able to generate a 7 million Euros positive Free Cash Flow in H1’23 while continuing to invest in capital expenditure to support its expansion and managing the working capital needs. This compares to a 43 million Euros negative Free Cash Flow in H1’22.The cash outflow from working capital amounted to 26 million Euros in H1’23 (82 million Euros in H1’22) as a result of a 39 million Euros increase in inventories  in anticipation of the projected growth expected in H2’23  and a 15 million Euros increase in other receivables. These items were partly offset by a 28 million Euros decrease in trade receivables related to seasonality.Tax paid amounted to 15 million Euros in H1’23  compared to a tax refund of 3 million Euros in H1’22.Overall  net cash generated by operating activities more than doubled  from 59 million Euros in H1’22 to 126 million Euros in H1’23.The net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations amounted to 120 million Euros in H1’23  up 18% from 101 million Euros in H1’22. Capital expenditure included 15 million Euros in capitalized R&D investments as well as 97 million Euros in tangible assets. In H1’23  Soitec continued to invest in capacity in its Singapore facility  for 300-mm SOI wafer production  refresh and epitaxy.Net of investments financed through leasing  which accounted for 6 million Euros in H1’23  total cash out related to investing activities amounted to 126 million Euros.Net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations amounted to 17 million Euros in H1’23 essentially reflecting a 15 million Euros net decrease in borrowings. In H1’22  net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations amounted to 11 million Euros.In total  including a 26 million Euros positive impact of exchange rate fluctuations  net cash generated by continuing operations reached 15 million Euros in H1’23 compared to a cash outflow of 53 million Euros in H1’22.Overall  Soitec further increased its cash position  which went up from 728 million Euros on March 31st  2022  to 743 million Euros on September 30th  2022.Sound balance sheet maintainedThanks to the strong performance achieved in H1’23  Soitec has maintained a strong balance sheet.Property  plant and equipment increased by a net amount of 86 million Euros in H1’23 as a result of further industrial investments in Bernin and Singapore.Shareholders’ equity increased by 138 million Euros in H1’23 to 1 181 million Euros on September 30th  2022  mainly thanks to the net profit generated during the period.Financial debt stood at 630 million Euros on September 30th  2022. This represents a 44 million Euros increase compared to March 31st  2022  mainly reflecting a 48 million Euros mark-to-market increase of financial derivatives related to currency hedging  4 million Euros interests related to OCEANEs 2025 bonds  partially offset by a 9 million Euros repayment of bank loans in Singapore.Higher financial debt combined with the 15 million Euros increase in cash recorded in H1’23 led to a 29 million Euros decrease in positive net cash position5  from 142 million Euros on March 31st  2022  to 113 million Euros on September 30th  2022. Excluding the change in the fair value of financial derivatives related to hedging  the Group net cash position increased by 19 million Euros.FY’23 Outlook confirmedSoitec still expects FY’23 revenue growth to reach around 20% at constant exchange rates and perimeter. Growth will continue to be driven by an increase in sales in each of the Group’s three end markets  as Soitec expects to continue benefiting from the 5G deployment  from an increase of the automotive market as well as from sustained market trends for smart devices.Soitec still expects FY’23 EBITDA1 margin2 to reach around 36% notably thanks to a strong operating leverage driven by higher volumes. Soitec expects its industrial performance to remain strong despite higher bulk material and energy prices.In addition  Soitec expects FY’23 net cash out related to capital expenditure to reach around 260 million Euros  essentially reflecting capacity investments to support first acquisitions of SiC tools (150 & 200-mm) in Bernin IV  300-mm SOI refresh capacity in Bernin IV and further 300-mm SOI capacity increase in its Singapore facility  including both refresh and epitaxy capacity.Key events of H1’23CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics to advance next generation FD-SOI roadmap for automotive  IoT and mobile applicationsOn April 8th  2022  leading semiconductor players CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics announced a new collaboration in which they intend to jointly define the industry’s next generation roadmap for FD-SOI technology. Semiconductors and FD-SOI innovation are of strategic value to France and the EU as well as to customers globally. FD-SOI offers substantial benefits for designers and customer systems  including lower power consumption as well as easier integration of additional features such as connectivity and security  a key feature for automotive  IoT and mobile applications.Soitec released its first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC™ waferOn May 4th  2022  Soitec announced the release of its first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC™ wafer  from the pilot line at its Substrate Innovation Center. The release enabled Soitec to demonstrate the quality and performance of 200-mm SmartSiC™ engineered substrates and to conduct a first round of key customer validations. The addition of 200-mm is enlarging Soitec’s SiC product portfolio beyond 150-mm and accelerate customers’ SiC roadmap.Soitec announced the extension of its Pasir Ris Facility to produce 300mm SOI wafersOn June 8th  2022  Soitec announced the extension of its Pasir Ris facility in Singapore  with the objective to add a new capacity of 1 million wafers per year. Soitec expects the construction of this extension to start in FY’23  and the fab to enter into operation by the end of FY’25. The robust level of customer demand gives Soitec enough visibility to accelerate the launch of this extension  which was initially planned for FY’26. Combining Bernin and Pasir Ris  Soitec’s total 300-mm SOI production capacity will ultimately reach 2.7 million wafers per year. The extension of Pasir Ris is also due to include additional refresh and epitaxy capacities.STMicroelectronics and GlobalFoundries to advance FD-SOI ecosystem with new 300mm manufacturing facility in FranceOn July 11th  2022  STMicroelectronics and GlobalFoundries announced the creation of a new  jointly-operated 300-mm semiconductor manufacturing facility adjacent to ST’s existing site in Crolles  France. This new facility will support several technologies  in particular FD-SOI-based technologies  and will cover multiple variants. This includes GF’s market leading FDX technology and ST’s comprehensive technology roadmap down to 18nm  which are expected to remain in high demand for Automotive  IoT  and Mobile applications for the next few decades. The facility is targeted to ramp at full capacity by 2026  with up to 620 000 wafers per year production at full build-out.Pierre Barnabé succeeds Paul Boudre as CEOOn July 26th  2022  Soitec held its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  during which Pierre Barnabé was appointed director of the Company. As planned  he succeeded Paul Boudre as Chief Executive Officer on the same day. Pierre Barnabé joined Soitec on May 1st  2022  and he has been working closely with Paul Boudre and the Executive Committee during this period to ensure an effective transition.Post-closing eventsAcquisition of the remaining 20% of Dolphin DesignOn October 27th  2022  Soitec exercised its call option to increase its stake in Dolphin Design SAS to 100%  acquiring an additional 20% of the capital from its partner MBDA. Soitec will own 100% of the share capital of Dolphin Design SAS upon closing of the transfer. Since Dolphin Design SAS is already fully consolidated at 100% in Soitec consolidated accounts due to the existence of this option  this acquisition will have no effect on the accounts of the Group.Sustainability report releaseSoitec today released its second sustainability report  stressing both achievements and ambitious targets in support of its 2026 strategic roadmap. Highlights include i) the creation of Soitec’s Board of Directors' ESG Committee last September  ii) Soitec becoming the fourth semiconductor company worldwide to have its greenhouse gas emission reduction targets aligned with the 1.5°C ambition validated by the SBTi  and iii) winning the 2021 SEMI Industry Leader in Diversity and Inclusion award on November 16  2022 in recognition of its innovative and pioneering policies and achievements.# # #H1’23 results will be commented during an analyst and investor conference call to be held in English on November 24th  2022  at 8:00am CET.The live webcast and slide presentation will be available on:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/soitec/20221124_1/# # #AgendaQ3’23 revenue is due to be published on January 25th  2023  after market close.# # #DisclaimerThis document is provided by Soitec (the “Company”) for information purposes only.The Company’s business operations and financial position are described in the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document (which notably includes the 2021-2022 Annual Financial Report) which was filed on June 20  2022 with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under number D.22-0523. The French version of the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document  together with English courtesy translations for information purposes  are available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports.Your attention is drawn to the risk factors described in Chapter 2.1 of the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document.This document contains summary information and should be read in conjunction with the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document.This document contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and strategy and are based on analyses of earnings forecasts and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialize in the future. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of the Company’s future performance. The occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. In addition  the future consequences of geopolitical conflicts  in particular the Ukraine / Russia situation  as well as rising inflation  may result in greater impacts than currently anticipated in these forward-looking statements.The Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flows  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates may differ materially from those contained in this document. Furthermore  even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and the developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  such elements cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments.The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or make any correction to any forward-looking statement in order to reflect an event or circumstance that may occur after the date of this document. In addition  the occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements.This document does not constitute or form part of an offer or a solicitation to purchase  subscribe for  or sell the Company’s securities in any country whatsoever. This document  or any part thereof  shall not form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any contract  commitment or investment decision.Notably  this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or to sell securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from the registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company’s shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any other person intends to conduct a public offering of the Company’s securities in the United States.# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 700 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.# # #For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_ENInvestor Relations:investors@soitec.comMedia contacts:Isabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17 isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr# # #Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 081 214 having its registered office located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France)  and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909.# # #Consolidated financial statements in appendix include:H1’23 consolidated income statementBalance sheet at September 30 th   2022  2022 H1’23 consolidated cash-flowsConsolidated financial statements for H1’23As previously reported  Soitec’s refocus on Electronics operations decided in January 2015 was nearly completed on March 31st  2016. Consequently  the H1’23 residual income and expenses relating to Solar and Other activities are reported under ‘Net result from discontinued operations’  below the ‘Operating income’ line  meaning that down to the line ‘Net result after tax from continuing operations’  the consolidated income statement fully and exclusively reflects the Electronics activity as well as the Group’s corporate functions expenses. This was already the case in H1’22 financial statements.Consolidated income statementH1’23 H1’22 (Euro millions) (endedSept. 30  2022) (endedSept. 30  2021) Revenue 471 373 Cost of sales (303) (242) Gross profit 168 131 Sales and marketing expenses (8) (7) Research and development expenses (29) (28) General and administrative expenses (20) (22) Current operating income 110 75 Other operating income / (expenses) 0 9 Operating income 110 85 Financial income 4 3 Financial expenses (7) (8) Financial income / (expense) (2) (5) Profit before tax 108 80 Income tax (13) (6) Net profit from continuing operations 95 74 Net loss from discontinued operations 0 (0) Consolidated net profit 95 74 Non-controlling interests - - Net profit  Group share 95 74Basic earnings per share (in €) 2.72 2.23 Diluted earnings per share (in €) 2.65 2.14 Number of shares 35 001 682 33 311 866 Number of diluted shares 36 951 749 36 680 990Balance sheet at September 30 th   2022Assets Sept. 30  2022 March 31  2022 (Euro millions) Non-current assets: Intangible assets 115 108 Property  plant and equipment 648 562 Non-current financial assets 17 17 Other non-current assets 22 19 Deferred tax assets 73 64 Total non-current assets 875 770 Current assets: Inventories 192 143 Trade receivables 279 280 Other current assets 80 62 Current financial assets 4 4 Cash and cash equivalents 743 728 Total current assets 1 298 1 216 Total assets 2 173 1 986Equity and liabilities Sept. 30  2022 March 31  2022 (Euro millions) Equity: Share capital 71 70 Share premium 229 230 Reserves and retained earnings 849 747 Other reserves 33 (3) Equity  Group Share 1 181 1 044 Total equity 1 181 1 044 Non-current liabilities: Long-term financial debt 530 518 Provisions and other non-current liabilities 84 79 Total non-current liabilities 614 597 Current liabilities: Short-term financial debt 100 68 Trade payables 117 101 Provisions and other current liabilities 160 177 Total current liabilities 377 346 Total equity and liabilities 2 173 1 986Consolidated cash-flowsH1’23 H1’22 (Euro millions) (endedSept. 30  2022) (endedSept. 30  2021) Consolidated net profit 95 74 of which continuing operations 95 74 Depreciation and amortization expense 50 37 Impairment / (depreciation reversals) of assets - (10) Provisions / (reversals of provisions)  net 5 (0) Provisions / (reversal of provisions) for retirement benefit obligations  net 1 1 Income tax 13 6 Financial expense 2 5 Share-based payments 9 11 Other non-cash items (8) 14 EBITDA2 167 137 of which continuing operations 167 137 Increase / (decrease) in cash relating to: Inventories (39) (37) Trade receivables 28 (19) Other receivables (15) (19) Trade payables 4 7 Other liabilities (3) (13) Income tax paid (15) 3 Change in working capital and income tax paid (41) (79) of which continuing operations (41) (79) Net cash generated by operating activities 126 58 of which continuing operations 126 59H1’23 H1’22 (Euro millions) (endedSept. 30  2022) (endedSept. 30  2021) Net cash generated by operating activities 126 58 of which continuing operations 126 59 Purchases of intangible assets (20) (13) Purchases of property  plant and equipment (97) (85) Acquisition of a subsidiary  net of cash acquired - (1) (Acquisitions) and disposals of financial assets (3) (2) Net cash used in investing activities (1) (120) (101) of which continuing operations (1) (120) (101) Loans and drawdowns on credit lines 10 3 Repayment of borrowings (including leases) (26) (13) Interest paid (3) (2) Financing flows related to discontinued operations (0) (2) Net cash used in financing activities (17) (13) of which continuing operations (17) (11) Effects of exchange rate fluctuations 26 1 Change in net cash 15 (54) of which continuing operations 15 (53) Cash at beginning of the period 728 644 Cash at end of the period 743 590(1) According to IFRS  the cash used in investing activities is calculated net of investments financed through leasing  which accounted for 6 million Euros in H1’23 and 1 million Euros in H1’22. Total cash out related to investing activities therefore amounted to 126 million Euros in H1’23 and 102 million Euros in H1’22.1 The EBITDA represents operating income (EBIT) before depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets  non-cash items relating to share-based payments  provisions for impairment of current assets and for contingencies and expenses  and disposals gains and losses. This alternative indicator of performance is a non-IFRS quantitative measure used to measure the company’s ability to generate cash from its operating activities. EBITDA is not defined by an IFRS standard and must not be considered an alternative to any other financial indicator.2 EBITDA margin = EBITDA from continuing operations / Revenue.3 Review procedures were completed and the review report is in the process of being issued.4 The scope effect related to the acquisition of NOVASiC  the closing of which took place on December 29  2021  had no material impact on Soitec’s revenue.5 The net cash position represents cash and cash equivalents less financial debt  a positive net cash position meaning cash and cash equivalents are higher than financial debt. A net debt position meaning cash and cash equivalents are lower than financial debt.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['FIRST HALF RESULTS', 'SOITEC REPORTS', 'FISCAL YEAR', 'robust EBITDA1 margin2 Consolidated income statement', 'first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC wafer', 'FY26 Strategic Plan ambitions', 'positive free cash flow', 'silicon carbide opportunity', 'Current operating income', 'positive currency impact', 'robust EBITDA margin', 'constant exchange rates', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'three end markets', 'front end modules', 'Smart devices market', 'healthy financial position', 'Singapore-based 300-mm facility', 'higher connectivity functionalities', 'FD-SOI technology adoption', 'FIRST HALF RESULTS', 'future production facility', 'sustained revenue growth', 'Strong revenue growth', 'Consolidated revenue', 'strategic initiatives', 'EBITDA 1 margin', 'financial statements3', 'Singapore facility', 'higher sales', 'strong performance', 'ongoing adoption', 'adoption phase', 'strong growth', 'FD-SOI wafers', 'English French', 'capacity investments', 'FY’23 guidance', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'Pierre Barnabé', 'full-year guidance', 'great progress', 'industrial applications', 'manufacturing collaboration', 'Gross profit', 'Net research', 'development expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'continuing operations', 'Mobile communications', '5G smartphones', '5G infrastructure', 'ongoing success', 'radiofrequency applications', 'RF content', 'ongoing ramp-up', 'several customers', 'RF filters', 'autonomous driving', 'functional safety', 'hybrid engines', 'complex sensors', 'embedded intelligence', 'POI wafers', 'Power-SOI wafers', '471 million Euros', '373 million Euros', '341 million Euros', '57 million Euros', 'FISCAL YEAR', 'automotive industry', 'automotive applications', 'total revenue', 'Industrial revenue', 'electric vehicles', 'significant increase', 'SOITEC REPORTS', '18% growth', 'H1', 'basis', 'perimeter', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'November', 'designing', 'September', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'CEO', 'order', 'track', 'release', 'decision', 'schedule', 'building', 'launch', 'GlobalFoundries', 'STMicroelectronics', 'part', 'Selling', 'general', 'WiFi', 'deployment', 'infotainment', 'shift', 'powerful', 'efficien']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-group-announces-presentation-of-new-leniolisib-data-at-2022-ash-annual-meeting-301685691.html,Pharming Group announces presentation of new leniolisib data at 2022 ASH Annual Meeting,"Presentation to highlight data from the ongoing long-term open-label extension study of leniolisib  a PI3Kδ inhibitor under investigation for APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiency LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharmi…","Presentation to highlight data from the ongoing long-term open-label extension study of leniolisib  a PI3Kδ inhibitor under investigation for APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today that new clinical data for leniolisib  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  an investigational treatment for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS)  a rare primary immunodeficiency  will be presented by V. Koneti Rao  MD  FRCPA  staff physician in the Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic at the National Institute of Health in Bethesda  Maryland  at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and Exposition  in New Orleans  Louisiana taking place from Saturday  December 10 through Tuesday  December 13  2022.Information regarding Pharming's data presentation can be found below  and on the ASH conference website: https://www.hematology.org/meetings/annual-meeting.Presentation title: Interim Analysis of Safety and Hematological Parameters of an Ongoing Long-Term Open-Label Extension Study of Investigational PI3Kδ Inhibitor Leniolisib for Patients with Activated PI3Kδ Delta Syndrome (APDS) through December 2021Presentation type: oralSession name: 203. Lymphocytes and Acquired or Congenital Immunodeficiency Disorders: Delineating Immunity from Mice to HumansAbstract number: 608Session date and time: Monday  December 12  2022 from 10:30AM – 12:30PM CSTPresentation date and time: Monday  December 12  2022 at 10:45AM CSTLocation: Room: Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  278-282About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.1 2 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 3 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About LeniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014; 15:88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016; 138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019; 143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017; 139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018; 9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018; 9:338.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.19,0.42,True,English,"['new leniolisib data', '2022 ASH Annual Meeting', 'Pharming Group', 'presentation', 'ongoing long-term open-label extension study', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'Phase II/III registration-enabling study', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Activated PI3Kδ Delta Syndrome', 'normal immune system function', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'V. Koneti Rao', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'adaptive immune system', 'innate immune system', '64th American Society', 'ASH conference website', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'effective therapeutic target', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'Investigational PI3Kδ Inhibitor Leniolisib', 'Congenital Immunodeficiency Disorders', 'numerous cellular functions', 'protein replacement therapies', 'white blood cells', 'permanent lung damage', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'class IA PI3K', 'new clinical data', 'immune function', 'delta isoform', 'investigational treatment', 'immune cells', 'immune diseases', 'New Orleans', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'cell functions', 'gene therapies', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'staff physician', 'National Institute', 'Interim Analysis', 'Hematological Parameters', 'Session name', 'Abstract number', '10:45AM CST', 'Balanced signaling', 'progressive disease', 'genetic testing', 'hematopoietic cells', 'cell survival', 'hematopoietic origin', 'central role', 'lesser extent', 'T cells', 'human trial', 'healthy subjects', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'commercial prospects', 'data presentation', 'Presentation title', 'Presentation type', 'Session date', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', 'cytokine production', 'Presentation date', 'Phase 1', 'PI3Kα', 'PI3Kβ', 'PI3Kγ', 'APDS', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'MD', 'FRCPA', 'Bethesda', 'Maryland', 'Hematology', 'Exposition', 'Louisiana', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Tuesday', 'Information', 'annual-meeting', 'Safety', 'Patients', 'Lymphocytes', 'Immunity', 'Mice', 'Humans', 'time', 'Monday', '10:30AM', '12:30PM', 'Location', 'Room', 'million', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'enteropathy', 'symptoms', 'variety', 'conditions', 'lymphoma', 'conversion', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'B-cells', 'neutrophils', 'macrophages', 'valid', 'lives', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'respect', 'timing', 'abilit']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,prnewswire.com
13665,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/epilepsia-publishes-interim-results-of-open-label-extension-study-of-fintepla-fenfluramine-oral-solution-in-patients-with-lennox-gastaut-syndrome-lgs-301685487.html,Epilepsia Publishes Interim Results of Open-Label Extension Study of FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) Oral Solution in Patients with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome (LGS),Peer-reviewed results from the Phase 3 open-label extension study of FINTEPLA® in LGS provide significant reduction in the frequency of multiple seizure types associated with a drop or fall for 15 months  including tonic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures1…,"Peer-reviewed results from the Phase 3 open-label extension study of FINTEPLA ® in LGS provide significant reduction in the frequency of multiple seizure types associated with a drop or fall for 15 months  including tonic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures 1in LGS provide significant reduction in the frequency of multiple seizure types associated with a drop or fall for 15 months  including tonic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures The cardiovascular safety in this study further corroborates the growing body of data around the long-term FINTEPLA safety profile; no cases of valvular heart disease or pulmonary arterial hypertension were observed 1In the U.S.  FINTEPLA is approved for the treatment of seizures associated with LGS in patients 2 years of age and older2ATLANTA  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB (Euronext: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced the publication of long-term open-label extension (OLE) study results of FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) CIV in Epilepsia. Long-term efficacy and safety findings showed that FINTEPLA  when added to a patient's current anti-epileptic treatment regimen for seizures associated with LGS  was effective in reducing the frequency of multiple seizure types and was generally well tolerated during a median treatment duration of 364 days.1 Study participants experienced a sustained reduction in the frequency of motor seizures including those that resulted in a drop or fall like generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS)  secondary GTCS  focal to bilateral tonic-clonic  tonic seizures  atonic seizures  and tonic-atonic seizures.1LGS is a severe childhood-onset developmental and epileptic encephalopathy characterized by drug-resistant seizures with high morbidity3 as well as serious impairment of neurodevelopmental  cognitive  and motor functions.4 LGS has far-reaching effects beyond seizures  including issues with communication  psychiatric symptoms  sleep  behavioral challenges  and mobility.5 LGS affects 30 000 to 50 000 people in the U.S.6""This long-term safety and efficacy interim analysis of adjunctive FINTEPLA showed that patients with LGS experienced sustained  clinically meaningful reductions in the frequency of seizures associated with a drop  with a particularly robust reduction in the frequency of GTCS  which are associated with sudden unexpected death in epilepsy "" said Kelly Knupp  M.D.  MSCS  FAES  Associate Professor  Children's Hospital Colorado  and principal investigator of the study. ""Given the sustained efficacy and tolerability of FINTEPLA over time  this medication could be an important long-term therapeutic option for patients with LGS  who are highly treatment-resistant  and could be an especially important therapeutic option for LGS patients who experience a high burden of GTCS.""Results of the OLE study showed the median percentage change in monthly frequency of seizures associated with a drop from pre-randomized baseline was -28.6% over the entire OLE (P<0.0001) and -50.5% at month 15 (P<0.0001). Nearly one-third of patients (31.1%) experienced a clinically meaningful 50% or greater reduction in the percentage of seizures associated with a drop  including 11.6% of patients who demonstrated a profound 75% or greater reduction. The median percentage change in the frequency of all motor seizures was 45.9% (P=0.0038).1 GTCS and tonic seizures were most responsive to LGS treatment with FINTEPLA.1 Over the entire OLE  the median percentage change in GTCS from pre-randomized baseline was -48.8% (P<0.0001)  and  over time  ranged from -56.4% at Month 7-9 (P<0.0001) to -79.1% at Month 13-15 (P<0.0001).1 The median percentage change in tonic seizures was -35.8% over the entire OLE (P<0.0001) and  over time  ranged from -37.1% at Month 4-6 (P<0.0001) to -62.6% at Month 13-15 (P<0.0001).1Within the study  the authors note the reason these data are compelling is because GTCS are commonly observed in patients with LGS.1 Moreover  GTCS may result in bodily injury.7 8 Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) is a major concern for people living with LGS  and patients with a history of GTCS have an estimated 10-fold greater risk of SUDEP.9 10The OLE study also demonstrated that FINTEPLA was generally well tolerated. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events observed in the OLE were decreased appetite  fatigue  nasopharyngitis  and seizure. The cardiovascular safety in this study further corroborates the FINTEPLA safety profiles; no cases of valvular heart disease or pulmonary arterial hypertension were observed.""This open label extension provides strong evidence that FINTEPLA is effective in reducing multiple seizure types associated with LGS  particularly more severe generalized seizures for up to 15 months "" said Brad Chapman  U.S. Head of Epilepsy and Rare Syndromes  UCB. ""We are pleased to be able to offer FINTEPLA to those living with and caring for people with LGS to help reduce the impact of this devastating disease and potentially  improve the quality of life for those living with LGS.""Additional results of the OLE found that approximately one-third of investigators (37.6%) and caregivers (35.2%) rated their patients as ""Much Improved"" or ""Very Much Improved"" on the Clinical Global Impression of Improvement (CGI-I) scale.1FINTEPLA was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of LGS in patients 2 years of age and older in March 2022 and for the treatment of Dravet syndrome (DS) in patients 2 years of age and older in June 2020. UCB acquired Zogenix  Inc. and FINTEPLA in March 2022.Study DesignAs of October 19  2020  247 eligible patients entered the OLE study after the patients completed participation in the multi-center  double-blind  parallel-group Phase 3 clinical trial that enrolled children and adults  age 2 to 35 years  with a confirmed LGS diagnosis who were using stable anti-seizure medication regimens at 65 study sites in North America  Europe  and Australia. In that randomized trial  a total of 263 patients were assigned to receive either FINTEPLA 0.7 mg/kg/day (n=87) or FINTEPLA 0.2 mg/kg/day (n=89) or placebo (n=87). After titration (2-week period)  patients were maintained on their randomized dose for 12 additional weeks.A total of 247 eligible patients with LGS who completed that 14-week randomized Phase 3 clinical trial enrolled in the OLE study. Patients were eligible to enroll if they had not experienced any of the following at the end of the Phase 3 clinical trial: clinically meaningful worsening of seizures  clinically significant laboratory findings  or weight loss greater than 15% during the titration and maintenance period that failed to stabilize. The median age of the patients was 14.3 years. All patients were maintained on a stable antiseizure medication regimen of concomitant antiseizure medications during the entire OLE treatment period  and 88.3% received two to four concomitant antiseizure medications.All patients in the OLE were initially started on FINTEPLA 0.2 mg/kg/day. After one month  they were flexibly titrated to effectiveness and tolerability  up to a maximum of 0.7 mg/kg/day  which were assessed at three-month intervals. They were treated with FINTEPLA for a median treatment duration of 364 days.The Phase 3 clinical trial and OLE study were both sponsored by Zogenix  Inc.  now part of UCB. The trial is still ongoing.About FINTEPLA ® (fenfluramine) C-IVFINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) oral solution is a prescription medication approved in the U.S.  Europe  and in Japan  for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome in patients two years of age and older. FINTEPLA is also approved in the U.S. for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.2In the U.S.  FINTEPLA is available through a restricted distribution program  called the FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Further information is available at www.FinteplaREMS.com or by telephone at 1-877-964-3649.Please see full Prescribing Information  including Boxed Warning  for additional important information on FINTEPLA.INDICATIONS AND USAGE2FINTEPLA is indicated for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome (DS) and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients 2 years of age and older.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONBOXED WARNING: VALVULAR HEART DISEASE and PULMONARY ARTERIAL HYPERTENSIONThere is an association between serotonergic drugs with 5-HT2B receptor agonist activity  including fenfluramine (the active ingredient in FINTEPLA)  and valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension.Echocardiogram assessments are required before  during  and after treatment with FINTEPLA.FINTEPLA is available only through a restricted program called the FINTEPLA REMS.CONTRAINDICATIONSFINTEPLA is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to fenfluramine or any of the excipients in FINTEPLA and with concomitant use  or within 14 days of the administration of monoamine oxidase inhibitors because of an increased risk of serotonin syndrome.WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSValvular Heart Disease and Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (see Boxed Warning): Because of the association between serotonergic drugs with 5–HT2B receptor agonist activity  including fenfluramine (the active ingredient in FINTEPLA)  and valvular heart disease (VHD) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH)  cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram is required prior to starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with FINTEPLA concludes. Cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram can aid in early detection of these conditions. In clinical trials for DS and LGS of up to 3 years in duration  no patient receiving FINTEPLA developed VHD or PAH.Monitoring : Prior to starting treatment  patients must undergo an echocardiogram to evaluate for VHD and PAH. Echocardiograms should be repeated every 6 months  and once at 3-6 months post treatment with FINTEPLA.The prescriber must consider the benefits versus the risks of initiating or continuing treatment with FINTEPLA if any of the following signs are observed via echocardiogram: valvular abnormality or new abnormality; VHD indicated by mild or greater aortic regurgitation or moderate or greater mitral regurgitation  with additional characteristics of VHD (eg  valve thickening or restrictive valve motion); PAH indicated by elevated right heart/pulmonary artery pressure (PASP >35mmHg).FINTEPLA REMS Program (see Boxed Warning): FINTEPLA is available only through a restricted distribution program called the FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Prescribers must be certified by enrolling in the FINTEPLA REMS. Prescribers must counsel patients receiving FINTEPLA about the risk of valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension  how to recognize signs and symptoms of valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension  the need for baseline (pretreatment) and periodic cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram during FINTEPLA treatment  and cardiac monitoring after FINTEPLA treatment. Patients must enroll in the FINTEPLA REMS and comply with ongoing monitoring requirements. The pharmacy must be certified by enrolling in the FINTEPLA REMS and must only dispense to patients who are authorized to receive FINTEPLA. Wholesalers and distributors must only distribute to certified pharmacies. Further information is available at www.FinteplaREMS.com or by telephone at 1-877-964-3649.Decreased Appetite and Decreased Weight: FINTEPLA can cause decreases in appetite and weight. Decreases in weight appear to be dose related. Approximately half of the patients with LGS and most patients with DS resumed the expected measured increases in weight during the open-label extension studies. Weight should be monitored regularly during treatment with FINTEPLA  and dose modifications should be considered if a decrease in weight is observed.Somnolence  Sedation  and Lethargy: FINTEPLA can cause somnolence  sedation  and lethargy. Other central nervous system (CNS) depressants  including alcohol  could potentiate these effects of FINTEPLA. Prescribers should monitor patients for somnolence and sedation and should advise patients not to drive or operate machinery until they have gained sufficient experience on FINTEPLA to gauge whether it adversely affects their ability to drive or operate machinery.Suicidal Behavior and Ideation: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs)  including FINTEPLA  increase the risk of suicidal thoughts or behaviors in patients taking these drugs for any indication. Patients treated with an AED for any indication should be monitored for the emergence or worsening of depression  suicidal thoughts or behaviors  or any unusual changes in mood or behavior.Anyone considering prescribing FINTEPLA or any other AED must balance the risk of suicidal thoughts or behaviors with the risks of untreated illness. Epilepsy and many other illnesses for which AEDs are prescribed are themselves associated with morbidity and mortality and an increased risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Should suicidal thoughts and behaviors emerge during treatment  consider whether the emergence of these symptoms in any given patient may be related to the illness being treated.Withdrawal of Antiepileptic Drugs: As with most AEDs  FINTEPLA should generally be withdrawn gradually because of the risk of increased seizure frequency and status epilepticus. If withdrawal is needed because of a serious adverse reaction  rapid discontinuation can be considered.Serotonin Syndrome: Serotonin syndrome  a potentially life-threatening condition  may occur with FINTEPLA  particularly during concomitant administration of FINTEPLA with other serotonergic drugs  including  but not limited to  selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs)  selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)  tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)  bupropion  triptans  dietary supplements (eg  St. John's Wort  tryptophan)  drugs that impair metabolism of serotonin (including monoamine oxidase inhibitors [MAOIs]  which are contraindicated with FINTEPLA)  dextromethorphan  lithium  tramadol  and antipsychotics with serotonergic agonist activity. Patients should be monitored for the emergence of signs and symptoms of serotonin syndrome  which include mental status changes (eg  agitation  hallucinations  coma)  autonomic instability (eg  tachycardia  labile blood pressure  hyperthermia)  neuromuscular signs (eg  hyperreflexia  incoordination)  and/or gastrointestinal symptoms (eg  nausea  vomiting  diarrhea). If serotonin syndrome is suspected  treatment with FINTEPLA should be stopped immediately and symptomatic treatment should be started.Increase in Blood Pressure: FINTEPLA can cause an increase in blood pressure. Rare cases of significant elevation in blood pressure  including hypertensive crisis  has been reported in adult patients treated with fenfluramine  including patients without a history of hypertension. In clinical trials for DS and LGS of up to 3 years in duration  no pediatric or adult patient receiving FINTEPLA developed hypertensive crisis. Monitor blood pressure in patients treated with FINTEPLA.Glaucoma: Fenfluramine can cause mydriasis and can precipitate angle closure glaucoma. Consider discontinuing treatment with FINTEPLA in patients with acute decreases in visual acuity or ocular pain.ADVERSE REACTIONSThe most common adverse reactions observed in DS studies (incidence at least 10% and greater than placebo) were decreased appetite; somnolence  sedation  lethargy; diarrhea; constipation; abnormal echocardiogram; fatigue  malaise  asthenia; ataxia  balance disorder  gait disturbance; blood pressure increased; drooling  salivary hypersecretion; pyrexia; upper respiratory tract infection; vomiting; decreased weight; fall; status epilepticus.The most common adverse reactions observed in the LGS study (incidence at least 10% and greater than placebo) were diarrhea; decreased appetite; fatigue; somnolence; vomiting.DRUG INTERACTIONSStrong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A Inducers: Coadministration with strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducers will decrease fenfluramine plasma concentrations. If coadministration of a strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducer with FINTEPLA is necessary  monitor the patient for reduced efficacy and consider increasing the dosage of FINTEPLA as needed. If a strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducer is discontinued during maintenance treatment with FINTEPLA  consider gradual reduction in the FINTEPLA dosage to the dose administered prior to initiating the inducer.Strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 Inhibitors: Coadministration with strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors will increase fenfluramine plasma concentrations. If FINTEPLA is coadministered with strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors  the maximum daily dosage of FINTEPLA is 20 mg. If a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor is discontinued during maintenance treatment with FINTEPLA  consider gradual increase in the FINTEPLA dosage to the dose recommended without CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors. If FINTEPLA is coadministered with stiripentol and a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor  the maximum daily dosage of FINTEPLA is 17 mg.USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSAdministration to patients with hepatic impairment is not recommended.To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS  contact Zogenix Inc. at 1-866-964-3649 (1-866-Zogenix) or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch.Please see full Prescribing Information  including Boxed Warning  for additional important information on FINTEPLA.For further information  contact UCB:U.S. Brand and Media RelationsErica Puntel  U.S. Media RelationsT +404 938 5359[email protected]Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.9414[email protected]About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.8 billion in 2021. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCBUSA.Forward looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including but not limited to  the ability of UCB to successfully integrate the operations of Zogenix as planned or at all  estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB' efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.ReferencesKnupp K  Scheffer I  Ceuleman B  et al. Fenfluramine provides clinically meaningful reduction in frequency of drop seizures in patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: interim analysis of an open-label extension study. Epilepsia. 2022;00:1–13. FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) oral solution CIV. U.S. Prescribing Information. March 2022 . Strzelczyk A  Schubert-Bast S. Expanding the treatment landscape for Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome: current and future strategies. CNS Drugs. 2021;35(1):61-83. Arzimanoglou A  French J  Blume WT  et al. Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: a consensus approach on diagnosis  assessment  management  and trial methodology. Lancet Neurol. 2009;8(1):82-93. LGS Foundation. LGS characteristics and major concerns survey. https://www.lgsfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/2019-PFDD-Caregiver-Survey-1.pdf. Accessed March 2022 . Data on file  Zogenix  Inc. 2021. Cross JH  Auvin S  Falip M  Striano P  Arzimanoglou A. Expert opinion on the management of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: treatment algorithms and practical considerations. Front Neurol.2017;8:505. Gastaut H  Roger J  Soulayrol R  et al. Childhood epileptic encephalopathy with diffuse slow spike-waves (otherwise known as ""petit mal variant"") or Lennox syndrome. Epilepsia. 1966;7(2):139-179. Sveinsson O  Andersson T  Mattsson P  Carlsson S  Tomson T. Clinical risk factors in SUDEP: a nationwide population-based case-control study. Neurology. 2020;94(4):e419-e429. Cross JH  Galer BS  Gil-Nagel A  et al. Impact of fenfluramine on the expected SUDEP mortality rates in patients with Dravet syndrome. Seizure. 2021;93:154-159.FINTEPLA® is a registered trademark of the UCB Group of Companies.©2022 UCB  Inc.  Smyrna  GA 30080. All rights reserved. US-P-FA-LGS-2200002SOURCE UCB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.15,0.6,True,English,"['FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) Oral Solution', 'Open-Label Extension Study', 'Interim Results', 'Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome', 'Epilepsia', 'Patients', 'LGS', 'common treatment-emergent adverse events', 'sustained, clinically meaningful reductions', 'current anti-epileptic treatment regimen', 'important long-term therapeutic option', 'Phase 3 open-label extension study', 'long-term FINTEPLA safety profile', 'important therapeutic option', 'long-term open-label extension', 'open label extension', 'pulmonary arterial hypertension', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'severe childhood-onset developmental', 'sudden unexpected death', 'valvular heart disease', 'multiple seizure types', 'median percentage change', 'median treatment duration', 'efficacy interim analysis', '10-fold greater risk', 'U.S. Head', 'severe generalized seizures', 'up to 15 months', 'FINTEPLA safety profiles', 'The OLE study', 'generalized tonic-clonic seizures', 'OLE) study results', 'long-term safety', 'Long-term efficacy', 'sustained efficacy', 'U.S.6', 'sustained reduction', 'devastating disease', 'cardiovascular safety', 'safety findings', 'greater reduction', 'Peer-reviewed results', 'significant reduction', 'growing body', 'Study participants', 'epileptic encephalopathy', 'high morbidity3', 'serious impairment', 'neurodevelopmental, cognitive', 'motor functions', 'reaching effects', 'psychiatric symptoms', 'behavioral challenges', 'robust reduction', 'Kelly Knupp', 'M.D.', 'Associate Professor', 'Hospital Colorado', 'principal investigator', 'high burden', 'randomized baseline', 'entire OLE', 'bodily injury', 'major concern', 'strong evidence', 'Brad Chapman', 'Rare Syndromes', 'Additional results', 'motor seizures', 'atonic seizures', 'drug-resistant seizures', '30,000 to 50,000 people', 'LGS treatment', 'FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine', 'adjunctive FINTEPLA', 'monthly frequency', 'secondary GTCS', 'LGS patients', 'FINTEPLA ®', 'drop', 'fall', 'data', 'cases', '2 years', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'UCB', 'Euronext', 'publication', 'CIV', 'Epilepsia', '364 days', 'issues', 'communication', 'sleep', 'mobility', 'epilepsy', 'MSCS', 'FAES', 'Children', 'tolerability', 'time', 'medication', 'one-third', 'authors', 'reason', 'SUDEP', 'history', 'appetite', 'fatigue', 'nasopharyngitis', 'impact', 'quality', 'life']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,prnewswire.com
13666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/guerbet-to-spotlight-the-novel-new-drug-elucirem-gadopiclenol-injection-at-the-2022-radiological-society-of-north-america-scientific-assembly-and-annual-meeting-301685762.html,Guerbet to Spotlight the Novel New Drug Elucirem™ (gadopiclenol) injection at the 2022 Radiological Society of North America Scientific Assembly and Annual Meeting,Join us at Booth #1711 Opportunity to learn about the recently US FDA-approved novel new drug  Elucirem™ Announcing Guerbet Research Scholar Grant in Partnership with RSNA Displaying a portfolio of digital and artificial intelligence software solutions to enh…,"Join us at Booth #1711Opportunity to learn about the recently US FDA-approved novel new drug  Elucirem™Announcing Guerbet Research Scholar Grant in Partnership with RSNADisplaying a portfolio of digital and artificial intelligence software solutions to enhance patients' experiencePRINCETON  N.J.  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Guerbet LLC  the US affiliate of Guerbet  a global leader in medical imaging offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and artificial intelligence (AI) solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging  will present data on Elucirem™ (gadopiclenol) injection  Dotarem® (gadoterate meglumine) injection and AI solutions at the 2022 Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) Scientific Assembly and Annual Meeting.""It's very exciting to be back at RSNA  to give the radiology community a first-hand opportunity to experience the clarity of MRI images offered by our new MRI product  Elucirem™ "" said David Hale  Chief Executive Officer of the Guerbet Group. ""We look forward to sharing insights about gadopiclenol  a novel  highly stable macrocyclic gadolinium-based contrast agent offering the highest relaxivity in its class for magnetic resonance imaging.2""Elucirem® is indicated for use with MRI in adults and pediatric patients aged two years and older to detect and visualize lesions in the central nervous system (brain  spine and associated tissues) and the body (head and neck  thorax  abdomen  pelvis and musculoskeletal system).1For Elucirem®  Guerbet received Priority Review by the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA) on the basis of the unmet medical needs  as there are currently no U.S. approved and marketed MRI contrast agents indicated for musculoskeletal lesion visualization and no macrocyclic GBCAs approved broadly to visualize lesions located throughout the body.3 Guerbet received US FDA's marketing approval for Elucirem on September 21  2022.Elucirem® (gadopiclenol) injection will be available in glass vials  glass pharmacy bulk packages and in plastic pre-filled syringes  which can help to streamline workflow in the imaging suite. All gadopiclenol is manufactured by Guerbet Group Company.ELUCIREM (gadopiclenol) injection and DOTAREM (gadoterate meglumine) injection Important Safety InformationWARNING: NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS (NSF)See full prescribing information for complete boxed warningGadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) increase the risk for NSF among patients with impaired elimination of the drugs. Avoid use of GBCAs in these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrasted MRI or other modalities. The risk for NSF appears highest among patients with:Chronic  severe kidney disease (GFR <30 mL/min/1.73 m 2 )  orAcute kidney injury. Screen patients for acute kidney injury and other conditions that may reduce renal function. For patients at risk for chronically reduced renal function (for example  age >60 years  hypertension or diabetes)  estimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) through laboratory testing.Opportunities to Learn More at RSNA 2022RSNA Innovation Theater -- @ 1:00 – 1:15 p.m. CST  Monday November 28  2022: Aashim Bhatia  MD  MS  Assistant Professor in Radiology and Pediatric Neuroradiologist at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia will be presenting Guerbet's Latest Innovation: Illuminating the Possibilities with a Novel New Drug https://eppro02.ativ.me/web/planner.?id=RSNA22&table=agenda&tid=S1138Oral and Poster Presentations:Title Author(s) Date/Time Session Number Reduced Body Gd Exposure over 5 months after a single Human Equivalent Dose of Gadopiclenol as compared to Gadobutrol in Healthy Rats M. Rasschaert  C. Eoulourmyl Strzeminska  C. Walton  M. Lefebvre  N. Decout  C. Factor  P. Robert Dec. 1 – 12:15 p.m. – 12:45 p.m. RSA-SPNPM Efficacy and safety of gadopiclenol for central nervous system (CNS) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI): The Picture Trial Leo Wolansky Nov. 30 1:30 p.m. – 2:30 p.m. W6 – SSNR13 Efficacy and safety of gadopiclenol for central nervous system (CNS) magnetic resonance imaging (MTI): The Picture Trial Christiane Kuhl Nov. 27 2:30 p.m. – 3:30 p.m. S5 – SSMSO1 Use of real life safety data from international pharmacovigilance databases to assess the importance of symptoms associated with gadolinium exposure Imran Shahid  Eric Lancelot Dec. 1 12:15 p.m. – 12:45 p.m. R5A - SPNR Super-dose: a deep learning method to increase the sensitivity of MRI in neuro-oncology via virtual dose amplification Alexandre Bone Dr. Samy Ammari Thu. Nov. 30 12:45 p.m. – 1:15 p.m. W5B - SPNR Multi-head deep learning model for the detection of prostate cancer lesions in bi-parametric MRI Kourosh Jafari-Khouzani  Maria Victoria Sainz de Cea  Wen Wei  Aly Mohamed  Noelle Debs  Alexandre Routier  Onofrio Caralano  Marwan Sati  Amin Katouzian Tue  Nov. 29 12:45pm - 1:15pm Scientific Poster Sessions Learning Center – IN DPS T5B-SPIN-4 Comparison of three methods for lesion detection and classification on bi-parametric MRI Maria V. Sainz de Cea  Kourosh Jafari-Khouzani  Wen Wei  Aly A. Mohamed  Noelie Debs  Alexandre Routier  Marc-Michel Rohe  Russell Klenk  Onofrio Catalano  Amin Katouzian Tue  Nov. 29 9:00am - 9:30am Scientific Poster Sessions Learning Center - GU DPS T2-SPGU-3 Rigorous Comparison of a New Fully Automated Deep Learning Algorithm for Detection of Focal Liver Lesions in Abdominal Contrast CT with Radiologists Dufort  G. Palma  P. L. Esquinas Fernandez  Y. Wang  O. Bonakdar Sakhi  F. C. Commandeur  A. Sitek  F. Louvet-De Verchere  K. Siewert  K. Tipton Tue  Nov. 29 1:30pm - 2:30pm S401 T6-SSGI10-4Guerbet's RSNA Education & Research Award Recipient 2022As part of its continued partnership with the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA)  Guerbet is proud to announce that the RSNA Research & Education (R&E) Foundation Board of Trustees has awarded the Guerbet Research Scholar Grant to Vivek Yedavalli  MD  MS from Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. Dr. Yedavalli was awarded $75 000 per year for two years to support his study  Deep Learning Models Using Baseline Comprehensive CT Stroke Collateral Imaging in Cerebral Angiographic Collateral  Post Procedural Hemorrhagic Transformation  and Clinical Outcomes Predictions for Increasing Thrombectomy Eligibility. The RSNA R&E Foundation invests in the future of radiology by developing investigators and supporting lifelong innovative research and education.Digital Solutions Featured at Booth #1711Guerbet will also feature a collection of digital and AI software-based products that help to close the loop with the smart connectivity between monitoring and reporting:Dose & Care ®   a state-of-the-art digital solution for monitoring patient exposure to X-rays that is compatible with all types of ionizing modalities and collects data to provide a record of patient exposure  a state-of-the-art digital solution for monitoring patient exposure to X-rays that is compatible with all types of ionizing modalities and collects data to provide a record of patient exposure Contrast & Care ®   an injection data management solution that enables imaging centers to collect  archive  examine  and share injection data  including data on contrast products  adverse events  injector activity  information on estimated glomerular filtration rate  and other risk factors before a clinical exam  an injection data management solution that enables imaging centers to collect  archive  examine  and share injection data  including data on contrast products  adverse events  injector activity  information on estimated glomerular filtration rate  and other risk factors before a clinical exam Icobrain   a cloud-based AI solution designed to quantify disease specific brain structures on MR and CT  a cloud-based AI solution designed to quantify disease specific brain structures on MR and CT Galileo  an educational web-based case review platform to help train radiology residents.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8%-10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €732 million in revenue in 2021. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com.About GadopiclenolGadopiclenol  which was initially invented by Guerbet  with the subsequent contribution of Bracco's intellectual property  is a new macrocyclic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) with high relaxivity. The efficacy and safety of gadopiclenol have been evaluated in MRI of the Central Nervous System (brain  spine and associated tissues) and Body (head and neck  thorax  abdomen  pelvis and musculoskeletal system. The details of Phase III clinical trials are available on www.ClinicalTrials.gov:Efficacy and Safety of Gadopiclenol for Central Nervous System (CNS) Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Full Text View - ClinicalTrials.govEfficacy and Safety of Gadopiclenol for Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Full Text View -govForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain statements of a forward-looking nature  based on assumptions and predictions made by the management of the Guerbet group. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors could lead to marked differences between the future results  financial situation  development and performances of the company  and the estimates made here. These factors include those mentioned in the public reports of Guerbet  available on its website www.guerbet.com. The company assumes no responsibility whatsoever in relation to the updating of these forward-looking statements  or how they correspond to future events or developments.ELUCIREMTM (gadopiclenol) injection Important Safety InformationWARNING: NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS (NSF)See full prescribing information for complete boxed warningGadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) increase the risk for NSF among patients with impaired elimination of the drugs. Avoid use of GBCAs in these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrasted MRI or other modalities. The risk for NSF appears highest among patients with:Chronic  severe kidney disease (GFR <30 mL/min/1.73 m 2 )  orAcute kidney injury. Screen patients for acute kidney injury and other conditions that may reduce renal function. For patients at risk for chronically reduced renal function (for example  age >60 years  hypertension or diabetes)  estimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) through laboratory testing.Indications and UsageELUCIREMTM (gadopiclenol) injection is indicated in adult and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older for use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to detect and visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity in the central nervous system (brain  spine  and associated tissues)  and the body (head and neck  thorax  abdomen  pelvis  and musculoskeletal system).ContraindicationsHistory of hypersensitivity reactions to ELUCIREM.Warnings and PrecautionsHypersensitivity Reactions: With GBCAs  serious hypersensitivity reactions have occurred. In most cases  initial symptoms occurred within minutes of GBCA administration and resolved with prompt emergency treatment. Before ELUCIREM administration  assess all patients for any history of a reaction to contrast media  bronchial asthma and/or allergic disorders. These patients may have an increased risk for a hypersensitivity reaction to ELUCIREM.With GBCAs  serious hypersensitivity reactions have occurred. In most cases  initial symptoms occurred within minutes of GBCA administration and resolved with prompt emergency treatment. Before ELUCIREM administration  assess all patients for any history of a reaction to contrast media  bronchial asthma and/or allergic disorders. These patients may have an increased risk for a hypersensitivity reaction to ELUCIREM. Gadolinium Retention: Gadolinium is retained for months or years in several organs. Linear GBCAs cause more retention than macrocyclic GBCAs. Consequences of gadolinium retention in the brain have not been established. Pathologic and clinical consequences of GBCA administration and retention in skin and other organs have been established in patients with impaired renal function. While clinical consequences of gadolinium retention have not been established in patients with normal renal function  certain patients might be at higher risk. These include patients requiring multiple lifetime doses  pregnant and pediatric patients  and patients with inflammatory conditions. Consider the retention characteristics of the agent when choosing a GBCA for these patients. Minimize repetitive GBCA imaging studies  particularly closely spaced studies when possibleGadolinium is retained for months or years in several organs. Linear GBCAs cause more retention than macrocyclic GBCAs. Consequences of gadolinium retention in the brain have not been established. Pathologic and clinical consequences of GBCA administration and retention in skin and other organs have been established in patients with impaired renal function. While clinical consequences of gadolinium retention have not been established in patients with normal renal function  certain patients might be at higher risk. These include patients requiring multiple lifetime doses  pregnant and pediatric patients  and patients with inflammatory conditions. Consider the retention characteristics of the agent when choosing a GBCA for these patients. Minimize repetitive GBCA imaging studies  particularly closely spaced studies when possible Acute Kidney Injury: In patients with chronically reduced renal function  acute kidney injury requiring dialysis has occurred with the use of GBCAs. The risk of acute kidney injury may increase with increasing dose of the contrast agent. Do not exceed the recommended dose.In patients with chronically reduced renal function  acute kidney injury requiring dialysis has occurred with the use of GBCAs. The risk of acute kidney injury may increase with increasing dose of the contrast agent. Do not exceed the recommended dose. Extravasation and Injection Site Reactions: Injection site reactions such as injection site pain have been reported in the clinical studies with ELUCIREM. Extravasation during ELUCIREM administration may result in tissue irritation. Ensure catheter and venous patency before the injection of ELUCIREM.Injection site reactions such as injection site pain have been reported in the clinical studies with ELUCIREM. Extravasation during ELUCIREM administration may result in tissue irritation. Ensure catheter and venous patency before the injection of ELUCIREM. Interference with Visualization of Lesions Visible with Non-Contrast MRI: As with any GBCA  ELUCIREM may impair the visualization of lesions seen on non-contrast MRI. Therefore  caution should be exercised when Gadopiclenol MRI scans are interpreted without a companion non-contrast MRI scan.Adverse Reactions:In clinical trials  the most frequent adverse reactions that occurred in > 0.2% of patients who received ELUCIREM included: injection site pain  headache  nausea  injection site warmth  injection site coldness  dizziness  and localized swelling. Adverse reactions that occurred with a frequency ≤ 0.2% in patients who received 0.05 mmol/kg BW ELUCIREM included: maculopapular rash  vomiting  worsened renal impairment  feeling hot  pyrexia  oral paresthesia  dysgeusia  diarrhea  pruritus  allergic dermatitis  erythema  injection site paresthesia  Cystatin C increase  and blood creatinine increase.Use in Specific PopulationsPregnancy: GBCAs cross the human placenta and result in fetal exposure and gadolinium retention. There are no available data on ELUCIREM use in pregnant women to evaluate for a drug-associated risk of major birth defects  miscarriage or other adverse maternal or fetal outcomes.GBCAs cross the human placenta and result in fetal exposure and gadolinium retention. There are no available data on ELUCIREM use in pregnant women to evaluate for a drug-associated risk of major birth defects  miscarriage or other adverse maternal or fetal outcomes. Lactation: There are no data on the presence of ELUCIREM in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. However  published lactation data on other GBCAs indicate that 0.01 to 0.04% of the maternal gadolinium dose is present in breast milk.There are no data on the presence of ELUCIREM in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. However  published lactation data on other GBCAs indicate that 0.01 to 0.04% of the maternal gadolinium dose is present in breast milk. Pediatric Use: The safety and effectiveness of ELUCIREM have not been established in pediatric patients younger than 2 years of age.The safety and effectiveness of ELUCIREM have not been established in pediatric patients younger than 2 years of age. Geriatric Use: This drug is known to be substantially excreted by the kidney  and the risk of adverse reactions to this drug may be greater in patients with impaired renal function.This drug is known to be substantially excreted by the kidney  and the risk of adverse reactions to this drug may be greater in patients with impaired renal function. Renal Impairment: In patients with renal impairment  the exposure of gadopiclenol is increased compared to patients with normal renal function. This may increase the risk of adverse reactions such as nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF). Avoid use of GBCAs among these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrast MRI or other modalities. No dose adjustment of ELUCIREM is recommended for patients with renal impairment. ELUCIREM can be removed from the body by hemodialysisYou are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information  including the Medication Guide and Boxed Warning  for additional important safety information.DOTAREM® (GADOTERATE MEGLUMINE) INJECTION IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONWARNING: NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS (NSF) Gadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) increase the risk for NSF among patients with impaired elimination of the drugs. Avoid use of GBCAs in these patients unless the diagnostic information is essential and not available with non-contrasted MRI or other modalities. NSF may result in fatal or debilitating fibrosis affecting the skin  muscle and internal organs. • The risk for NSF appears highest among patients with: o Chronic  severe kidney disease (GFR < 30 mL/min/1.73m2)  or o Acute kidney injury. • Screen patients for acute kidney injury and other conditions that may reduce renal function. For patients at risk for chronically reduced renal function (e.g. age > 60 years  hypertension  diabetes)  estimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) through laboratory testing. • For patients at highest risk for NSF  do not exceed the recommended DOTAREM dose and allow a sufficient period of time for elimination of the drug from the body prior to any re-administration.INDICATIONS AND USAGEDOTAREM® (gadoterate meglumine) injection is a prescription gadolinium-based contrast agent indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial)  spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (including term neonates) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.CONTRAINDICATIONSHistory of clinically important hypersensitivity reactions to DOTAREM.WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSHypersensitivity Reactions: Anaphylactic and anaphylactoid reactions have been reported with DOTAREM  involving cardiovascular  respiratory  and/or cutaneous manifestations. Some patients experienced circulatory collapse and died. In most cases  initial symptoms occurred within minutes of DOTAREM administration and resolved with prompt emergency treatment.Before DOTAREM administration  assess all patients for any history of a reaction to contrast media  bronchial asthma and/or allergic disorders. These patients may have an increased risk for a hypersensitivity reaction to DOTAREM.Administer DOTAREM only in situations where trained personnel and therapies are promptly available for the treatment of hypersensitivity reactions  including personnel trained in resuscitation.Gadolinium Retention: Gadolinium is retained for months or years in several organs. The highest concentrations have been identified in the bone  followed by brain  skin  kidney  liver and spleen. The duration of retention also varies by tissue  and is longest in bone. Linear GBCAs cause more retention than macrocyclic GBCAs.Consequences of gadolinium retention in the brain have not been established. Adverse events involving multiple organ systems have been reported in patients with normal renal function without an established causal link to gadolinium retention.Acute Kidney Injury: In patients with chronically reduced renal function  acute kidney injury requiring dialysis has occurred with the use of GBCAs. The risk of acute kidney injury may increase with increasing dose of the contrast agent; administer the lowest dose necessary for adequate imaging.Extravasation and Injection Site Reactions: Ensure catheter and venous patency before the injection of DOTAREM. Extravasation into tissues during DOTAREM administration may result in tissue irritation.ADVERSE REACTIONSThe most common adverse reactions associated with DOTAREM in clinical trials were nausea  headache  injection site pain  injection site coldness and rash.Serious adverse reactions in the Postmarketing experience have been reported with DOTAREM. These serious adverse reactions include but are not limited to: arrhythmia  cardiac arrest  respiratory arrest  pharyngeal edema  laryngospasm  bronchospasm  coma and convulsion.USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSPregnancy : GBCAs cross the human placenta and result in fetal exposure and gadolinium retention. Use only if imaging is essential during pregnancy and cannot be delayed.: GBCAs cross the human placenta and result in fetal exposure and gadolinium retention. Use only if imaging is essential during pregnancy and cannot be delayed. Lactation : There are no data on the presence of gadoterate in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. However  published lactation data on other GBCAs indicate that 0.01 to 0.04% of the maternal gadolinium dose is present in breast milk.: There are no data on the presence of gadoterate in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. However  published lactation data on other GBCAs indicate that 0.01 to 0.04% of the maternal gadolinium dose is present in breast milk. Pediatric Use: The safety and efficacy of DOTAREM at a single dose of 0.1 mmol/kg has been established in pediatric patients from birth (term neonates ≥ 37 weeks gestational age) to 17 years of age based on clinical data. The safety of DOTAREM has not been established in preterm neonates. No cases of NSF associated with DOTAREM or any other GBCA have been identified in pediatric patients age 6 years and younger.You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information  including the patient Medication Guide  for additional important safety information.Dose&Care ® Indications for UseDose&Care® allows the user to store and monitor the patient's dosimetric information. It collects dose reports created by modalities (scanner  conventional and interventional radiology  mammography  etc.)Dose&Care® enables real-time monitoring of patient's dose and includes a user management system. It also provides tools to associate procedure descriptions to regions  to edit alert rules for each region and to manage groups of procedure descriptions.For complete information about precautions and optimal usage conditions  we recommend consulting the instructions for use supplied with the software or by your local Guerbet representative(s).Manufacturer: MPTronicContrast&Care ® Indications for UseContrast&Care® is a medical device intended for use by healthcare professionals only. It allows imaging centers to collect  archive  view and share patients' injection data  including data concerning contrast products  adverse events  injector activity  data on the estimated eGFR and other pre-exam alerts  such as previously reported allergies.Contrast&Care® also provides options to visualize analytics data and trends relating to injection activity and contrast product usage.For complete information about precautions and optimal usage conditions  we consult the instructions for use supplied with the device or by your local Guerbet representative(s).Manufacturer: Medexicobrain Indications for Useicobrain is a 510(k) cleared medical device intended for automatic labeling  visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of MR or NCCT images. This software is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying  labeling and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures identified on MR or NCCT images.icobrain consists of two distinct image processing pipelines: icobrain cross and icobrain long. icobrain cross is intended to provide volumes from MT or NCCT images acquired in a single timepoint.icobrain long is intended to provide changes in volumes between two MR images that were acquired on the same scanner  with the same image acquisition protocol and with same contrast at two different time points.The results of icobrain cross cannot be compared with the results of icobrain long.Manufacturer: icometrixReferences:Elucirem [package insert]. Princeton  NJ : Guerbet LLC; 2022 Robic  C.  Port  M.  Rousseaux  O.  Louguet  S.  Fretellier  N.  Catoen  S.  Factor  C.  Le Greneur  S.  Medina  C.  Bourrinet  P.  Raynal  I.  Idée  J. M.  & Corot  C. (2019). Physicochemical and Pharmacokinetic Profiles of Gadopiclenol: A New Macrocyclic Gadolinium Chelate With High T1 Relaxivity. Investigative radiology  54(8)  475–484. https://doi.org/10.1097/RLI.0000000000000563 FDA's Multi-Discipline Review https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/nda/2022/216986Orig1s000MultidisciplineR.pdfNote: The person clicking on the link must be a registered attendee and be logged in to add the session to their agenda. Otherwise  the person will be stopped to register and/or login  as the direct link will not take them to our session page after login.Contacts:GuerbetClaire Lauvernier  Group Communication Director +33.6.79.52.11.88 / [email protected]ActifinMathias Jordan  Media Relations +33.1.56.88.11.26 / [email protected]SOURCE Guerbet",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.26,0.32,True,English,"['Novel New Drug Elucirem™', 'North America Scientific Assembly', '2022 Radiological Society', 'Annual Meeting', 'Guerbet', 'gadopiclenol', 'injection', 'novel, highly stable macrocyclic gadolinium-based contrast agent', 'The Picture Trial Leo Wolansky', 'The Picture Trial Christiane Kuhl', 'Maria Victoria Sainz de Cea', 'SPNR Multi-head deep learning model', 'Scientific Poster Sessions Learning Center', 'Time Session Number Reduced', 'Dr. Samy Ammari Thu', 'single Human Equivalent Dose', 'Chronic, severe kidney disease', 'glass pharmacy bulk packages', 'CNS) magnetic resonance imaging', 'Guerbet Research Scholar Grant', 'bi-parametric MRI Kourosh Jafari-Khouzani', 'Important Safety Information WARNING', 'real life safety data', 'artificial intelligence software solutions', 'Gadolinium-based contrast agents', 'deep learning method', 'Maria V. Sainz', 'novel new drug', 'complete boxed warning', 'virtual dose amplification', 'MRI contrast agents', 'Acute kidney injury', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'NEPHROGENIC SYSTEMIC FIBROSIS', 'full prescribing information', 'international pharmacovigilance databases', 'Amin Katouzian Tue', 'DPS T5B-SPIN-4 Comparison', 'RSNA) Scientific Assembly', 'central nervous system', 'unmet medical needs', 'C. Eoulourmyl Strzeminska', 'new MRI product', 'musculoskeletal lesion visualization', 'prostate cancer lesions', 'Guerbet Group Company', 'RSNA Innovation Theater', 'gadoterate meglumine) injection', 'Body Gd Exposure', 'macrocyclic GBCAs', 'Poster Presentations', 'SPNR Super-dose', 'musculoskeletal system', 'medical imaging', 'glass vials', 'interventional imaging', 'imaging suite', 'AI) solutions', 'AI solutions', 'Drug Administration', 'diagnostic information', 'Latest Innovation', 'medical devices', 'C. Walton', 'C. Factor', 'MRI images', 'contrasted MRI', 'N.J.', 'US affiliate', 'global leader', 'comprehensive range', 'pharmaceutical products', '2022 Radiological Society', 'North America', 'Annual Meeting', 'David Hale', 'highest relaxivity', 'associated tissues', 'Priority Review', 'US Food', 'U.S.', 'marketing approval', 'impaired elimination', 'other modalities', 'other conditions', 'renal function', 'filtration rate', 'laboratory testing', 'Aashim Bhatia', 'Assistant Professor', 'Pediatric Neuroradiologist', 'Title Author', 'Healthy Rats', 'M. Rasschaert', 'M. Lefebvre', 'N. Decout', 'P. Robert', 'RSA-SPNPM Efficacy', 'SSNR13 Efficacy', 'Imran Shahid', 'Eric Lancelot', 'Alexandre Bone', 'Wen Wei', 'Aly Mohamed', 'Noelle Debs', 'Alexandre Routier', 'Onofrio Caralano', 'Marwan Sati', 'three methods', 'lesion detection', 'Guerbet LLC', 'radiology community', 'first-hand opportunity', 'US FDA', ""patients' experience"", 'pediatric patients', 'Screen patients', 'SSMSO1 Use', 'gadopiclenol) injection', 'Booth', 'Elucirem™', 'Partnership', 'portfolio', 'digital', 'PRINCETON', 'PRNewswire', 'Dotarem®', 'clarity', 'insights', 'class', 'Elucirem®', 'adults', 'brain', 'spine', 'neck', 'thorax', 'abdomen', 'pelvis', 'basis', 'September', 'plastic', 'syringes', 'workflow', 'NSF', 'risk', 'drugs', 'GFR', 'example', '60 years', 'hypertension', 'diabetes', 'Opportunities', 'CST', 'Monday', 'MD', 'Children', 'Hospital', 'Philadelphia', 'Possibilities', 'Oral', '5 months', 'Gadobutrol', 'MTI', 'S5', 'importance', 'symptoms', 'Dec.', 'R5A', 'sensitivity', 'neuro-oncology', 'Nov.', 'W5B', '1:15pm', '30', '1:00', '12:15', '12:45']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,prnewswire.com
13680,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/north-holdings-3-oy-commences-065400052.html,North Holdings 3 Oy commences the voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation on November 24  2022,"As announced on November 3  2022  North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital...","Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 24 November 2022 at 8:35 a.m. EETNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.HELSINKI  Nov. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- As announced on November 3  2022  North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (together ""Bain Capital"" and such funds being the ""Bain Capital Funds"")  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"") form a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by Caverion or its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer"") made by North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a private limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Finland. The Offeror and Caverion have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement (the ""Combination Agreement"") pursuant to which the Offeror will make the Tender Offer.The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the tender offer document relating to the Tender Offer (the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer will commence on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on January 12  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Period""). The Tender Offer is currently expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2023. The Offeror will extend the Offer Period in accordance with  and subject to  the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and regulations  to the extent necessary in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer  including  among others  the receipt of the relevant regulatory approvals. Any possible extension of the Offer Period will be announced by a stock exchange release.The Finnish language version of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.fi and www.nordea.fi/caverion-ostotarjous as of November 24  2022. The English language translation of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.com and www.nordea.fi/caverion-offer as of November 24  2022.The offer price under the Tender Offer is EUR 7.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"").The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror will be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.The Board of Directors of Caverion  represented by a quorum comprising the non-conflicted members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously decided to recommend in its statement issued pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the ""Helsinki Takeover Code"") that the shareholders of Caverion accept the Tender Offer. The Board of Directors of Caverion received an opinion  dated November 3  2022  of Caverion's exclusive financial adviser  Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  to the effect that  as of the date of such opinion  the Offer Price to be paid to holders of Shares (other than Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis and their respective affiliates) pursuant to the Tender Offer  was fair from a financial point of view  to such holders  which opinion was based upon and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken as more fully described in such opinion (the ""Opinion""). The Opinion was provided for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of Caverion and does not constitute a recommendation as to whether any holders of Shares should tender such Shares in connection with the Tender Offer  how any holders of Shares should act in connection with the Tender Offer or any related matter. The complete Opinion is attached as Appendix 1 to the statement by the Board of Directors of Caverion  issued on November 18  2022  and attached as Annex C to the Tender Offer Document.Certain major shareholders of Caverion  i.e.  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited and Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company  together representing approximately 15.35 percent of all outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion  as well as Antti Herlin  Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy and Autumn Spirit Oü  which are not part of the Consortium but are related parties to the Consortium members and together represent approximately 0.48 percent of all outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion  have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Tender Offer subject to certain customary conditions. The Shares held by the Consortium members combined with the irrevocable undertakings to support the Tender Offer represent approximately 42.50 percent of all the outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion in aggregate.The completion of the Tender Offer is  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  subject to the fulfilment or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or by the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer. These include  among others  the receipt of relevant approvals by the competition authorities and other regulatory authorities and that the Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any Shares otherwise held by the Offeror prior to the date of the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer  more than 90 per cent of the Shares and voting rights of the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) governing the right and obligation to commence compulsory redemption proceedings.Most Finnish account operators will send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@nordea.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.A shareholder of Caverion who wishes to accept the Tender Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptances that have been submitted in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The Offeror will announce the preliminary result of the Tender Offer on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the fourth (4th) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) at the latest. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and accepted in the Tender Offer  and that have not been validly withdrawn  will be confirmed.The Offeror and Bain Luxco  each respectively  reserve the right to acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares  or arrange ownership of Shares  before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof and any subsequent offer period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"") or otherwise.The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).UBS AG London Branch  Advium Corporate Finance Ltd.  Goldman Sachs International  Nordea Bank Abp and BNP Paribas act as the financial advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer. Nordea Bank Abp acts as the arranger outside of the United States in connection with the Tender Offer. Kirkland & Ellis International LLP  Roschier  Attorneys Ltd. and Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd act as the legal advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch acts as the exclusive financial adviser and Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd acts as the legal adviser to Caverion in connection with the Tender Offer.Investor and Media enquiries:CaverionJacob Götzsche  President and CEO  Caverion (contacts via Milena Hæggström)Mikko Kettunen  CFO  Caverion  tel. +358 50 347 7462  mikko.kettunen@caverion.comMilena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations and External Communications  Caverion  tel. +358 40 5581 328  milena.haeggstrom@caverion.comBain Capital  Security Trading  Fennogens and CorbisTaru Taipale  +358 50 470 6235  taru.taipale@miltton.comABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki last year. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).ABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of September 2022  there were more than 15 000 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer will be made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(d) under the Exchange Act  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this announcement  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. holders of Shares and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.DisclaimerUBS AG London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG London Branch is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Advium Corporate Finance Ltd is acting exclusively on behalf of the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or other matters referred to in this document  does not consider any other person (whether the recipient of this document or not) as a client in connection to the Tender Offer  and is not responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection or providing advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Nordea Bank Abp is acting as financial adviser to the Offeror and arranger outside of the United States and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this stock exchange release. For the avoidance of doubt  Nordea Bank Abp is not registered as a broker or dealer in the United States of America and will not be engaging in direct communications relating to the Tender Offer with investors located within the United States (whether on a reverse inquiry basis or otherwise). U.S. shareholders should contact their brokers with any questions relating to the Tender Offer.BNP Paribas  which is duly authorized and lead-supervised by the European Central Bank and the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of BNP Paribas  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Appendix 1: Terms and conditions of the Tender OfferTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFERObject of the Tender OfferThrough a voluntary public cash tender offer in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended  the ""Finnish Securities Markets Act"") and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland  offers to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). It is expected that following the Completion Date (as defined below)  the Offeror will be indirectly owned by North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP and/or its affiliates)  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"").Bain Luxco  Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis have formed a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the Tender Offer.In addition  (i) certain funds managed by affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. and (ii) certain affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. (""Goldman Sachs Asset Management"") are providing subordinated debt financing to the indirect parent of the Offeror  North Holdings 1 Oy in connection with the Tender Offer. In connection with the subordinated debt financing arrangement  it has been agreed that Goldman Sachs Asset Management will also make an equity co-investment alongside the Consortium members in the indirect parent company of the Offeror  North Lux Topco SARL  subject to the completion of the Tender Offer and  in each case  satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the subordinated debt financing and equity co-investment.The Offeror and the Company have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement (the ""Combination Agreement"") pursuant to which the Offeror makes the Tender Offer.Offer PriceThe Tender Offer was announced by the Offeror on November 3  2022 (the ""Announcement"") with an offer price of EUR 7.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"")  subject to any adjustments as set out below.The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror will be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.Any adjustment of the Offer Price pursuant to the above paragraph will be announced by way of a stock exchange release. If the Offer Price is adjusted  the Offer Period will continue for at least ten (10) Finnish banking days following such announcement.Offer PeriodThe offer period for the Tender Offer commences on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expires on January 12  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended or any extended offer period is discontinued as described below (the ""Offer Period"").The Offeror may extend the Offer Period (i) at any time until the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have been fulfilled or waived and/or (ii) with a Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below) in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer whereby the Offeror also declares the Tender Offer unconditional  as set forth below. The Offeror will announce a possible extension of the Offer Period  including the duration of the extended Offer Period  which shall be at least two (2) weeks or until further notice beyond two (2) weeks  by a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the original Offer Period  at the latest. Furthermore  the Offeror will announce any possible further extension of an already extended Offer Period or an extension of a discontinued extended Offer Period on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of an already extended Offer Period or a discontinued extended Offer Period  at the latest.According to Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the duration of the Offer Period in its entirety may be ten (10) weeks at the maximum. However  if the Conditions to Completion have not been fulfilled due to a particular obstacle as referred to in the regulations and guidelines 9/2013 of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the ""FIN-FSA"") on Takeover Bids and Mandatory Bids (as may be amended or re-enacted from time to time) (the ""FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines"")  such as  for example  pending approval by a competition or foreign-investment regulatory authority  the Offeror may extend the Offer Period beyond ten (10) weeks until such obstacle has been removed and the Offeror has had reasonable time to respond to the situation in question  provided that the business operations of the Company are not hindered for longer than is reasonable  as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. The Offer Period may also be extended as required under applicable laws and regulations. The expiry date of any extended Offer Period will in such case  unless published in connection with the announcement of the extension of the Offer Period  be published by the Offeror at least two (2) weeks before such expiry. Further  any Subsequent Offer Period may extend beyond ten (10) weeks.The Offeror may discontinue any extended Offer Period. The Offeror will announce its decision on the discontinuation of any extended Offer Period as soon as possible after such a decision has been made and  in any case  no less than two (2) weeks prior to the expiration of the discontinued extended Offer Period. If the Offeror discontinues an extended Offer Period  the Offer Period will expire at an earlier time on a date announced by the Offeror.The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer as set forth in ""- Announcement of the Result of the Tender Offer"" below (such extended Offer Period  the ""Subsequent Offer Period""). In the event of such Subsequent Offer Period  the Subsequent Offer Period will expire on the date and at the time determined by the Offeror in such an announcement. The expiration of a Subsequent Offer Period will be announced at least two (2) weeks before the expiration of such Subsequent Offer Period. The Offeror may also extend the Subsequent Offer Period by announcing this through a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the initially expected expiration of the Subsequent Offer Period  at the latest.Conditions to Completion of the Tender OfferA condition to the completion of the Tender Offer is that the requirements set forth below for the completion of the Tender Offer (the ""Conditions to Completion"") are fulfilled on or by the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 18 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  or  to the extent permitted by applicable law  their fulfilment is waived by the Offeror:a. The Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to the Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the Offer Period  more than ninety (90) percent of the Shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ""Finnish Companies Act"");b. The receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals  permits  clearances and consents  including without limitation approvals required under applicable foreign direct investment laws and competition clearances (or  where applicable  the expiry of relevant waiting periods) required under applicable competition laws or other regulatory laws in any jurisdiction for the completion of the Tender Offer  and that any conditions set out in such approvals  permits  clearances or consents  including  but not limited to  any requirements for the disposal of any assets of the Company or any reorganization of the business of the Company  are reasonably acceptable to the Offeror in that they are not materially adverse to the Offeror or the Company in view of the Tender Offer and have been satisfied or complied with to the extent necessary;c. No Material Adverse Change (as defined below) has occurred on or after signing date of the Combination Agreement;d. The Offeror has not received information after signing date of the Combination Agreement previously undisclosed to it that constitutes or results in a Material Adverse Change (as defined below);e. No information made public by the Group (as defined below) or disclosed by the Company to the Offeror being materially inaccurate  incomplete  or misleading  and the Company not having failed to make public any information that should have been made public by it under applicable laws  including the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"")  provided that  in each case  the information made public  disclosed or not disclosed or the failure to disclose information constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below);f. No legislation or other regulation has been issued and no court or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction has given a decision or issued any regulatory action that would wholly or in any material part prevent  postpone or frustrate the completion of the Tender Offer;g. The Board of Directors of the Company has issued its unanimous recommendation that the holders of the Shares accept the Tender Offer and tender their Shares in the Tender Offer and the recommendation remains in full force and effect and has not been withdrawn  modified  cancelled or amended (excluding  however  any technical modification or change of the recommendation required under applicable laws or the Helsinki Takeover Code as a result of a competing offer or otherwise so long as the recommendation to accept the Tender Offer is upheld); andh. The Combination Agreement has not been terminated and remains in full force and effect.The Conditions to Completion set out herein are exhaustive. The Offeror may invoke any of the Conditions to Completion so as to cause the Tender Offer not to proceed  to lapse or to be withdrawn  if the circumstances which give rise to the right to invoke the relevant Condition to Completion have a significant meaning to the Offeror in view of the Tender Offer  as referred to in the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines and the Helsinki Takeover Code. The Offeror reserves the right to waive  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  any of the Conditions to Completion that have not been fulfilled. If all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or the Offeror has waived the requirements for the fulfilment of all or some of them no later than at the time of announcement of the final results of the Tender Offer  the Offeror will consummate the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions after the expiration of the Offer Period by purchasing Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer and paying the Offer Price to the holders of Shares that have validly accepted the Tender Offer.""Affiliated Entities"" means the Company's subsidiaries including  without limitation  all branch and representative offices of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. Affiliated Entities shall also include CG FH St. Pölten GmbH and Oy Botnia Mill Service Ab subject to certain exemptions.""Group"" means the Company and the Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole.""Material Adverse Change"" means (a) the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities becoming insolvent  subject to administration  bankruptcy or any other equivalent insolvency proceedings or  if any legal proceedings or corporate resolution is taken by or against any of them in respect of any such proceedings  such action could reasonably be expected to result in the commencement of such proceedings  provided  in each case  that such proceedings could  individually or in the aggregate  reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in  or material adverse effect to  the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operation of the Group; (b) any divestment or reorganization of all or any material part of the assets of the Group; or (c) any event  condition  circumstance  development  occurrence  change  effect or fact (any such item an ""Effect"") that individually or in the aggregate  has  results in or would reasonably be expected to have or result in a material adverse effect on the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operations of the Group  excluding:i. any Effect in political  financial  industry  economic or regulatory conditions generally (including any Effect in interest or currency rates)  so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;ii. any Effect resulting from or caused by natural disasters  outbreak of major hostilities or any act of war or terrorism or change in prevailing COVID-19 situation so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;iii. the failure of the Company to meet any internal or published projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions in respect of revenues  earnings  net asset value or other financial or operating metrics before  on or after the date of the Combination Agreement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iii) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such failure to meet projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions constitutes a Material Adverse Change;iv. changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities after the date of the Combination Agreement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iv) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such change constitutes a Material Adverse Change;v. any Effect resulting from any actions taken by the Company at the express written request or direction of the Offeror;vi. any change in applicable statutes or other applicable legal or regulatory conditions  so long as such change does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole  in comparison to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business; orvii. any Effect directly attributable to (x) an act or omission carried out or omitted by the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer or (y) the announcement or completion of the Tender Offer (including the effect of any change of control or similar clauses in contracts entered into by the Group but only to the extent such contracts or clauses have been Fairly Disclosed (as defined below)) or (z) performance of obligations under the Combination Agreement by the Company insofar as such Effect is not caused by the Company's breach of the Combination.For the sake of clarity  under no circumstances shall any Material Adverse Change be deemed to exist to the extent such Effect causing a Material Adverse Change has been Fairly Disclosed (as defined below) in the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) by or on behalf of the Company  in each case  prior to the date of the Combination Agreement.""Fairly Disclosed"" means disclosure of an actual fact  matter or event set out in the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) in a sufficiently clear and detailed manner so as to enable a professional and prudent offeror  having completed its review of the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) with the support of its professional advisors  acting diligently and with due care  to reasonably identify and assess the nature  scope and effects of such fact  matter or event so disclosed.""Due Diligence Information"" means (i) the information publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki  the Finnish Securities Market Act and the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as amended) before the signing date of the Combination Agreement  and (ii) the information provided by the Company in the virtual data room made available to the Offeror or its advisers as well as in formally scheduled management presentations carried out by the Company with the Offeror or its advisors.Obligation to Increase the Offer Price and to Pay CompensationThe Offeror and Bain Luxco  each respectively  reserve the right to acquire Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof) and any Subsequent Offer Period in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in a manner as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares after the Announcement and before the expiry of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favourable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond with the terms and conditions of said acquisition on more favourable terms (the ""Increase Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Increase Obligation without delay and pay  in connection with the completion of the Tender Offer  the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in a manner as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares within nine (9) months after the expiration of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favourable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  pay the difference between the consideration paid in an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer (the ""Compensation Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Compensation Obligation without delay and pay the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price within one (1) month of the date when the Compensation Obligation arose for those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer.However  according to Chapter 11  Section 25  Subsection 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Compensation Obligation will not be triggered in case the payment of a higher price than the Offer Price is based on an arbitral award pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  provided that the Offeror or any party referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act has not offered to acquire Shares on terms that are more favourable than those of the Tender Offer before or during the arbitral proceedings.Acceptance Procedure of the Tender OfferThe Tender Offer may be accepted by a shareholder registered during the Offer Period in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy (""Euroclear Finland"")  with the exception of Caverion and its subsidiaries. The Tender Offer must be accepted separately for each book-entry account. A shareholder of Caverion submitting an acceptance must have a cash account with a financial institution operating in Finland or abroad (see also ""- Terms of Payment and Settlement"" and ""Restrictions and Important Information""). Shareholders may only approve the Tender Offer unconditionally and for all Shares that are held on the book-entry accounts mentioned in the acceptance at the time of the execution of the transaction with respect to the Shares of such shareholder. Acceptances submitted during the Offer Period are valid also until the expiration of an extended or discontinued extended Offer Period  if any.Most Finnish account operators will send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@nordea.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.If the Shares held by a shareholder are pledged or otherwise subject to restrictions that prevent or limit the acceptance  the acceptance of the Tender Offer may require the consent of the pledgee or other beneficiary of a such restriction. If so  acquiring this consent is the responsibility of the relevant shareholder of Caverion. Such consent must be delivered in writing to the account operator.A shareholder of Caverion who wishes to accept the Tender Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptances that have been submitted in an incorrect or incomplete manner.Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance must be submitted so that it is received during the Subsequent Offer Period  subject to and in accordance with the instructions of the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Caverion submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period (or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable) or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.A shareholder who has validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer may not sell or otherwise transfer his/her tendered Shares. By accepting the Tender Offer  the shareholders authorise their account operator  Nordea or a party appointed by Nordea to enter into their book-entry account a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal in the manner set out in ""- Technical Completion of the Tender Offer"" below after the shareholder has delivered the acceptance with respect to the Shares. Furthermore  the shareholders of Caverion that accept the Tender Offer authorise their account operator  Nordea or a party appointed by Nordea to perform necessary entries and undertake any other measures needed for the technical execution of the Tender Offer  and to sell all the Shares held by the shareholder of Caverion at the time of the execution of trades under the Tender Offer to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be transferred to the relevant shareholders of Caverion.By accepting the Tender Offer  the accepting shareholder authorises his/her depository participant to disclose the necessary personal data  the number of his/her book-entry account and the details of the acceptance to the parties involved in the order or the execution of the order and settlement of the Shares.Right of Withdrawal of AcceptanceAn acceptance of the Tender Offer may be withdrawn by a shareholder of Caverion at any time before the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) until the Offeror has announced that all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or waived by the Offeror  that is  the Offeror has declared the Tender Offer unconditional. After such announcement  the Shares already tendered may not be withdrawn  except in the event that a third party announces a competing public tender offer for the Shares before the execution of the completion trades of the Shares as set out under ""- Completion of the Tender Offer"" below.A valid withdrawal of an acceptance of the Tender Offer requires that a withdrawal notification is submitted in writing to the account operator to whom the original acceptance was submitted.For nominee-registered Shares  the shareholders must request the relevant custodian of the nominee-registered shareholder to execute a withdrawal notification.If a shareholder of Caverion validly withdraws an acceptance of the Tender Offer  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal with respect to Shares will be removed within three (3) Finnish banking days of the receipt of a withdrawal notification.A shareholder of Caverion who has validly withdrawn its acceptance of the Tender Offer may accept the Tender Offer again during the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) by following the procedure set out under ""- Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" above.A shareholder of Caverion who withdraws its acceptance of the Tender Offer is obligated to pay any fees that the account operator operating the relevant book-entry account or the custodial nominee of a nominee-registered holding may collect for the withdrawal. In accordance with the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines  if a competing offer has been announced during the Offer Period and the completion of the Tender Offer has not taken place  neither the Offeror nor Nordea (in its capacity as arranger) will charge the shareholders for validly withdrawing their acceptance in such a situation.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance of the Tender Offer will be binding and cannot be withdrawn  unless otherwise provided under mandatory law.Technical Completion of the Tender OfferWhen an account operator has received the properly completed and duly executed acceptance or acceptance otherwise approved by the Offeror with respect to the Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  the account operator will enter a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal into the relevant shareholder's book-entry account. In connection with the completion trade of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be paid to the relevant shareholder.Announcement of the Result of the Tender OfferThe preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the fourth (4th) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) at the latest. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and accepted in the Tender Offer  and that have not been validly withdrawn  will be confirmed.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will announce the initial percentage of the Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period and the final percentage on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period.Completion of the Tender OfferThe completion trades of the Tender Offer will be executed with respect to all of those Shares of Caverion that have been validly tendered  and not validly withdrawn  into the Tender Offer no later than on the fifteenth (15th) Finnish banking day following the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer (the ""Completion Date""). If possible  the completion trades of the Shares will be executed on Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that such execution is allowed under the rules applied to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Otherwise  the completion trades will be made outside Nasdaq Helsinki. The completion trades of the Shares will be settled on the Completion Date or on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the Completion Date (the ""Settlement Date"").Terms of Payment and SettlementThe Offer Price will be paid on the Settlement Date to each shareholder of Caverion who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer into the management account of the shareholder's book-entry account. In any case  the Offer Price will not be paid to a bank account situated in Australia  Canada  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where the Tender Offer is not being made (see section ""Restrictions and Important Information""). If the management account of a shareholder of Caverion is with a different financial institution than the applicable book-entry account  the Offer Price will be paid into such cash account approximately two (2) Finnish banking days later in accordance with the schedule for payment transactions between financial institutions.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will in connection with the announcement thereof announce the terms of payment and settlement for the Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period. The completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer during the Subsequent Offer Period will  however  be executed within not more than two (2) week intervals.The Offeror reserves the right to postpone the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or suspended due to a force majeure event  but will immediately effect such payment once the force majeure event preventing or suspending payment is resolved.If all the Conditions to Completion are not met and the Offeror does not waive such conditions or extend the Offer Period  the Tender Offer will expire  and no consideration will be paid for the tendered Shares.Transfer of OwnershipTitle to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  will pass to the Offeror on the Settlement Date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  title to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted during a Subsequent Offer Period will pass to the Offeror on the relevant settlement date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder.Transfer Tax and Other PaymentsThe Offeror will pay any transfer tax that may be charged in Finland in connection with the sale of the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.Fees charged by account operators  asset managers  nominees or any other person for the release of collateral or the revoking of any other restrictions preventing the sale of the Shares  will be borne by each relevant shareholder of Caverion. Each shareholder of Caverion is liable for any fees that relate to a withdrawal of an acceptance made by such shareholder.The Offeror is liable for any other customary costs caused by the registration of entries in the book-entry system required by the Tender Offer  the execution of trades pertaining to the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer and the payment of the Offer Price.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a shareholder may be a taxable transaction for the respective shareholder under applicable tax laws  including those of the country of residency of the shareholder. Any tax liability arising to a shareholder from the receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer will be borne by such shareholder. Each shareholder is urged to consult with an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.Other MattersThis Tender Offer Document and the Tender Offer are governed by Finnish law. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Tender Offer will be settled by a court of competent jurisdiction in Finland.The Offeror reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 15 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Should the FIN-FSA issue an order regarding an extension of the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to decide upon the withdrawal of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act.Should a competing tender offer be published by a third party during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right  as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 17 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  to (i) decide upon an extension of the Offer Period; (ii) decide upon an amendment of the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer; and (iii) decide  during the Offer Period  but before the expiration of the competing offer  to let the Tender Offer lapse. The Offeror will decide on all other matters related to the Tender Offer  subject to applicable laws and regulations and the provisions of the Combination Agreement.Other InformationNordea acts as arranger outside the United States in relation to the Tender Offer  which means that it performs certain administrative services relating to the Tender Offer. This does not mean that a person who accepts the Tender Offer (the ""Participant"") will be regarded as a customer of Nordea as a result of such acceptance. A Participant will be regarded as a customer only if Nordea has provided advice to the Participant or has otherwise contacted the Participant personally regarding the Tender Offer. If the Participant is not regarded as a customer  the investor protection rules under the Finnish Act on Investment Services (747/2012  as amended) will not apply to the acceptance. This means  among other things  that neither the so-called customer categorization nor the so-called appropriateness test will be performed with respect to the Tender Offer. Each Participant is therefore responsible for ensuring that it has sufficient experience and knowledge to understand the risks associated with the Tender Offer.Important Information regarding NID and LEIAccording to Directive 2014/65/ EU on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II)  all investors must have a global identification code from 3 January 2018  in order to carry out a securities transaction. These requirements require legal entities to apply for registration of a Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") code  and natural persons need to state their NID (National ID or National Client Identifier) when accepting the Tender Offer. Each person's legal status determines whether a LEI code or NID number is required and the book-entry account operator may be prevented from performing the transaction to any person if LEI or NID number is not provided. Legal persons who need to obtain a LEI code can contact the relevant authority or one of the suppliers available on the market. Those who intend to accept the Tender Offer are encouraged to apply for registration of a LEI code (legal persons) or to acquire their NID number (natural persons) well in advance  as this information is required in the acceptance at the time of submission.Information about Processing of Personal DataShareholders who accept the Tender Offer will submit personal data  such as name  address and social security number  to Nordea  which is the controller for the processing. Personal data provided to Nordea will be processed in data systems to the extent required to administer the Tender Offer. Personal data obtained from sources other than the customer may also be processed. Personal data may also be processed in the data systems of companies with which Nordea cooperates and it may be disclosed to the Offeror and the members of the Consortium to the extent necessary for administering the Tender Offer. Address details may be obtained by Nordea through an automatic procedure executed by Euroclear Finland. Additional information on processing of personal data by Nordea  including details on how to exercise data subjects' rights  may be found at https://www.nordea.fi/en/personal/get-help/your-rights-to-personal-data.html and www.nordea.com/en/general-terms-and-policies/privacy-policy.html.The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/north-holdings-3-oy-commences-the-voluntary-recommended-public-cash-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-corporation-on-november-24-2022-301686684.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.11,0.38,0.51,True,English,"['public cash tender offer', 'North Holdings', 'Caverion Corporation', '3 Oy', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'November', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Securities Markets Act', 'Finnish Securities Market Association', 'Bain Capital Private Equity', 'private limited liability company', 'Fennogens Investments S.A.', 'public cash tender offer', 'exclusive financial adviser', 'Finnish language version', 'Lux Holdco SARL', 'relevant regulatory approvals', 'English language translation', 'other similar transaction', 'Helsinki Takeover Code', 'America Europe DAC', 'tender offer document', 'Corbis S.A.', 'Subsequent Offer Period', 'The Tender Offer', 'new share issue', 'Bain Capital Funds', 'Security Trading Oy', 'stock split', 'financial point', 'Finnish time', 'Bain Luxco', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'other assets', 'offer price', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'North (BC', 'North Holdings', 'combination agreement', 'first quarter', 'possible extension', 'reverse split', 'euro basis', 'conflicted members', 'Stockholm branch', 'related matter', 'The Offeror', 'dilutive effect', 'record date', 'completion trades', 'respective affiliates', 'outstanding shares', 'nordea.fi', '8:35 a', '9:30 a', 'laws', 'EET', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'PRNewswire', 'November', 'vehicle', 'LLP', 'consortium', 'purposes', 'voluntary', 'subsidiaries', 'Finland', 'January', 'terms', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'extent', 'order', 'others', 'receipt', 'internet', 'caverion-offer', 'ostotarjous', '136,472,645 issued', 'number', 'result', 'reclassification', 'shareholders', 'settlements', 'expiry', 'Board', 'Directors', 'quorum', 'statement', 'opinion', 'Bank', 'view', 'assumptions', 'procedures', 'matters', 'limitations', 'qualifications', 'use', 'benefit', 'recommendation', 'connection', '4:00']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13681,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/north-holdings-3-oy-commences-the-voluntary-recommended-public-cash-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-corporation-on-november-24-2022-301686684.html,North Holdings 3 Oy commences the voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation on November 24  2022,Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 24 November 2022 at 8:35 a.m. EET NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHE…,"Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 24 November 2022 at 8:35 a.m. EETNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.HELSINKI  Nov. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- As announced on November 3  2022  North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (together ""Bain Capital"" and such funds being the ""Bain Capital Funds"")  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"") form a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by Caverion or its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer"") made by North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a private limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Finland. The Offeror and Caverion have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement (the ""Combination Agreement"") pursuant to which the Offeror will make the Tender Offer.The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the tender offer document relating to the Tender Offer (the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer will commence on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on January 12  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Period""). The Tender Offer is currently expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2023. The Offeror will extend the Offer Period in accordance with  and subject to  the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and regulations  to the extent necessary in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer  including  among others  the receipt of the relevant regulatory approvals. Any possible extension of the Offer Period will be announced by a stock exchange release.The Finnish language version of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.fi and www.nordea.fi/caverion-ostotarjous as of November 24  2022. The English language translation of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.com and www.nordea.fi/caverion-offer as of November 24  2022.The offer price under the Tender Offer is EUR 7.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"").The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror will be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.The Board of Directors of Caverion  represented by a quorum comprising the non-conflicted members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously decided to recommend in its statement issued pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the ""Helsinki Takeover Code"") that the shareholders of Caverion accept the Tender Offer. The Board of Directors of Caverion received an opinion  dated November 3  2022  of Caverion's exclusive financial adviser  Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  to the effect that  as of the date of such opinion  the Offer Price to be paid to holders of Shares (other than Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis and their respective affiliates) pursuant to the Tender Offer  was fair from a financial point of view  to such holders  which opinion was based upon and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken as more fully described in such opinion (the ""Opinion""). The Opinion was provided for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of Caverion and does not constitute a recommendation as to whether any holders of Shares should tender such Shares in connection with the Tender Offer  how any holders of Shares should act in connection with the Tender Offer or any related matter. The complete Opinion is attached as Appendix 1 to the statement by the Board of Directors of Caverion  issued on November 18  2022  and attached as Annex C to the Tender Offer Document.Certain major shareholders of Caverion  i.e.  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited and Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company  together representing approximately 15.35 percent of all outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion  as well as Antti Herlin  Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy and Autumn Spirit Oü  which are not part of the Consortium but are related parties to the Consortium members and together represent approximately 0.48 percent of all outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion  have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Tender Offer subject to certain customary conditions. The Shares held by the Consortium members combined with the irrevocable undertakings to support the Tender Offer represent approximately 42.50 percent of all the outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion in aggregate.The completion of the Tender Offer is  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  subject to the fulfilment or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or by the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer. These include  among others  the receipt of relevant approvals by the competition authorities and other regulatory authorities and that the Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any Shares otherwise held by the Offeror prior to the date of the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer  more than 90 per cent of the Shares and voting rights of the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) governing the right and obligation to commence compulsory redemption proceedings.Most Finnish account operators will send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@nordea.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.A shareholder of Caverion who wishes to accept the Tender Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptances that have been submitted in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The Offeror will announce the preliminary result of the Tender Offer on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the fourth (4th) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) at the latest. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and accepted in the Tender Offer  and that have not been validly withdrawn  will be confirmed.The Offeror and Bain Luxco  each respectively  reserve the right to acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares  or arrange ownership of Shares  before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof and any subsequent offer period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"") or otherwise.The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).UBS AG London Branch  Advium Corporate Finance Ltd.  Goldman Sachs International  Nordea Bank Abp and BNP Paribas act as the financial advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer. Nordea Bank Abp acts as the arranger outside of the United States in connection with the Tender Offer. Kirkland & Ellis International LLP  Roschier  Attorneys Ltd. and Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd act as the legal advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch acts as the exclusive financial adviser and Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd acts as the legal adviser to Caverion in connection with the Tender Offer.Investor and Media enquiries:CaverionJacob Götzsche  President and CEO  Caverion (contacts via Milena Hæggström)Mikko Kettunen  CFO  Caverion  tel. +358 50 347 7462  mikko.kettunen@caverion.comMilena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations and External Communications  Caverion  tel. +358 40 5581 328  milena.haeggstrom@caverion.comBain Capital  Security Trading  Fennogens and CorbisTaru Taipale  +358 50 470 6235  taru.taipale@miltton.comABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki last year. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).ABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of September 2022  there were more than 15 000 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer will be made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(d) under the Exchange Act  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this announcement  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. holders of Shares and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.DisclaimerUBS AG London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG London Branch is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Advium Corporate Finance Ltd is acting exclusively on behalf of the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or other matters referred to in this document  does not consider any other person (whether the recipient of this document or not) as a client in connection to the Tender Offer  and is not responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection or providing advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Nordea Bank Abp is acting as financial adviser to the Offeror and arranger outside of the United States and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this stock exchange release. For the avoidance of doubt  Nordea Bank Abp is not registered as a broker or dealer in the United States of America and will not be engaging in direct communications relating to the Tender Offer with investors located within the United States (whether on a reverse inquiry basis or otherwise). U.S. shareholders should contact their brokers with any questions relating to the Tender Offer.BNP Paribas  which is duly authorized and lead-supervised by the European Central Bank and the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of BNP Paribas  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Appendix 1: Terms and conditions of the Tender OfferTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFERObject of the Tender OfferThrough a voluntary public cash tender offer in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended  the ""Finnish Securities Markets Act"") and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland  offers to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). It is expected that following the Completion Date (as defined below)  the Offeror will be indirectly owned by North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP and/or its affiliates)  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"").Bain Luxco  Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis have formed a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the Tender Offer.In addition  (i) certain funds managed by affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. and (ii) certain affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. (""Goldman Sachs Asset Management"") are providing subordinated debt financing to the indirect parent of the Offeror  North Holdings 1 Oy in connection with the Tender Offer. In connection with the subordinated debt financing arrangement  it has been agreed that Goldman Sachs Asset Management will also make an equity co-investment alongside the Consortium members in the indirect parent company of the Offeror  North Lux Topco SARL  subject to the completion of the Tender Offer and  in each case  satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the subordinated debt financing and equity co-investment.The Offeror and the Company have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement (the ""Combination Agreement"") pursuant to which the Offeror makes the Tender Offer.Offer PriceThe Tender Offer was announced by the Offeror on November 3  2022 (the ""Announcement"") with an offer price of EUR 7.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"")  subject to any adjustments as set out below.The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror will be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.Any adjustment of the Offer Price pursuant to the above paragraph will be announced by way of a stock exchange release. If the Offer Price is adjusted  the Offer Period will continue for at least ten (10) Finnish banking days following such announcement.Offer PeriodThe offer period for the Tender Offer commences on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expires on January 12  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended or any extended offer period is discontinued as described below (the ""Offer Period"").The Offeror may extend the Offer Period (i) at any time until the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have been fulfilled or waived and/or (ii) with a Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below) in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer whereby the Offeror also declares the Tender Offer unconditional  as set forth below. The Offeror will announce a possible extension of the Offer Period  including the duration of the extended Offer Period  which shall be at least two (2) weeks or until further notice beyond two (2) weeks  by a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the original Offer Period  at the latest. Furthermore  the Offeror will announce any possible further extension of an already extended Offer Period or an extension of a discontinued extended Offer Period on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of an already extended Offer Period or a discontinued extended Offer Period  at the latest.According to Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the duration of the Offer Period in its entirety may be ten (10) weeks at the maximum. However  if the Conditions to Completion have not been fulfilled due to a particular obstacle as referred to in the regulations and guidelines 9/2013 of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the ""FIN-FSA"") on Takeover Bids and Mandatory Bids (as may be amended or re-enacted from time to time) (the ""FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines"")  such as  for example  pending approval by a competition or foreign-investment regulatory authority  the Offeror may extend the Offer Period beyond ten (10) weeks until such obstacle has been removed and the Offeror has had reasonable time to respond to the situation in question  provided that the business operations of the Company are not hindered for longer than is reasonable  as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. The Offer Period may also be extended as required under applicable laws and regulations. The expiry date of any extended Offer Period will in such case  unless published in connection with the announcement of the extension of the Offer Period  be published by the Offeror at least two (2) weeks before such expiry. Further  any Subsequent Offer Period may extend beyond ten (10) weeks.The Offeror may discontinue any extended Offer Period. The Offeror will announce its decision on the discontinuation of any extended Offer Period as soon as possible after such a decision has been made and  in any case  no less than two (2) weeks prior to the expiration of the discontinued extended Offer Period. If the Offeror discontinues an extended Offer Period  the Offer Period will expire at an earlier time on a date announced by the Offeror.The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer as set forth in ""- Announcement of the Result of the Tender Offer"" below (such extended Offer Period  the ""Subsequent Offer Period""). In the event of such Subsequent Offer Period  the Subsequent Offer Period will expire on the date and at the time determined by the Offeror in such an announcement. The expiration of a Subsequent Offer Period will be announced at least two (2) weeks before the expiration of such Subsequent Offer Period. The Offeror may also extend the Subsequent Offer Period by announcing this through a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the initially expected expiration of the Subsequent Offer Period  at the latest.Conditions to Completion of the Tender OfferA condition to the completion of the Tender Offer is that the requirements set forth below for the completion of the Tender Offer (the ""Conditions to Completion"") are fulfilled on or by the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 18 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  or  to the extent permitted by applicable law  their fulfilment is waived by the Offeror:a. The Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to the Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the Offer Period  more than ninety (90) percent of the Shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ""Finnish Companies Act"");b. The receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals  permits  clearances and consents  including without limitation approvals required under applicable foreign direct investment laws and competition clearances (or  where applicable  the expiry of relevant waiting periods) required under applicable competition laws or other regulatory laws in any jurisdiction for the completion of the Tender Offer  and that any conditions set out in such approvals  permits  clearances or consents  including  but not limited to  any requirements for the disposal of any assets of the Company or any reorganization of the business of the Company  are reasonably acceptable to the Offeror in that they are not materially adverse to the Offeror or the Company in view of the Tender Offer and have been satisfied or complied with to the extent necessary;c. No Material Adverse Change (as defined below) has occurred on or after signing date of the Combination Agreement;d. The Offeror has not received information after signing date of the Combination Agreement previously undisclosed to it that constitutes or results in a Material Adverse Change (as defined below);e. No information made public by the Group (as defined below) or disclosed by the Company to the Offeror being materially inaccurate  incomplete  or misleading  and the Company not having failed to make public any information that should have been made public by it under applicable laws  including the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"")  provided that  in each case  the information made public  disclosed or not disclosed or the failure to disclose information constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below);f. No legislation or other regulation has been issued and no court or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction has given a decision or issued any regulatory action that would wholly or in any material part prevent  postpone or frustrate the completion of the Tender Offer;g. The Board of Directors of the Company has issued its unanimous recommendation that the holders of the Shares accept the Tender Offer and tender their Shares in the Tender Offer and the recommendation remains in full force and effect and has not been withdrawn  modified  cancelled or amended (excluding  however  any technical modification or change of the recommendation required under applicable laws or the Helsinki Takeover Code as a result of a competing offer or otherwise so long as the recommendation to accept the Tender Offer is upheld); andh. The Combination Agreement has not been terminated and remains in full force and effect.The Conditions to Completion set out herein are exhaustive. The Offeror may invoke any of the Conditions to Completion so as to cause the Tender Offer not to proceed  to lapse or to be withdrawn  if the circumstances which give rise to the right to invoke the relevant Condition to Completion have a significant meaning to the Offeror in view of the Tender Offer  as referred to in the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines and the Helsinki Takeover Code. The Offeror reserves the right to waive  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  any of the Conditions to Completion that have not been fulfilled. If all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or the Offeror has waived the requirements for the fulfilment of all or some of them no later than at the time of announcement of the final results of the Tender Offer  the Offeror will consummate the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions after the expiration of the Offer Period by purchasing Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer and paying the Offer Price to the holders of Shares that have validly accepted the Tender Offer.""Affiliated Entities"" means the Company's subsidiaries including  without limitation  all branch and representative offices of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. Affiliated Entities shall also include CG FH St. Pölten GmbH and Oy Botnia Mill Service Ab subject to certain exemptions.""Group"" means the Company and the Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole.""Material Adverse Change"" means (a) the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities becoming insolvent  subject to administration  bankruptcy or any other equivalent insolvency proceedings or  if any legal proceedings or corporate resolution is taken by or against any of them in respect of any such proceedings  such action could reasonably be expected to result in the commencement of such proceedings  provided  in each case  that such proceedings could  individually or in the aggregate  reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in  or material adverse effect to  the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operation of the Group; (b) any divestment or reorganization of all or any material part of the assets of the Group; or (c) any event  condition  circumstance  development  occurrence  change  effect or fact (any such item an ""Effect"") that individually or in the aggregate  has  results in or would reasonably be expected to have or result in a material adverse effect on the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operations of the Group  excluding:i. any Effect in political  financial  industry  economic or regulatory conditions generally (including any Effect in interest or currency rates)  so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;ii. any Effect resulting from or caused by natural disasters  outbreak of major hostilities or any act of war or terrorism or change in prevailing COVID-19 situation so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;iii. the failure of the Company to meet any internal or published projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions in respect of revenues  earnings  net asset value or other financial or operating metrics before  on or after the date of the Combination Agreement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iii) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such failure to meet projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions constitutes a Material Adverse Change;iv. changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities after the date of the Combination Agreement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iv) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such change constitutes a Material Adverse Change;v. any Effect resulting from any actions taken by the Company at the express written request or direction of the Offeror;vi. any change in applicable statutes or other applicable legal or regulatory conditions  so long as such change does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole  in comparison to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business; orvii. any Effect directly attributable to (x) an act or omission carried out or omitted by the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer or (y) the announcement or completion of the Tender Offer (including the effect of any change of control or similar clauses in contracts entered into by the Group but only to the extent such contracts or clauses have been Fairly Disclosed (as defined below)) or (z) performance of obligations under the Combination Agreement by the Company insofar as such Effect is not caused by the Company's breach of the Combination.For the sake of clarity  under no circumstances shall any Material Adverse Change be deemed to exist to the extent such Effect causing a Material Adverse Change has been Fairly Disclosed (as defined below) in the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) by or on behalf of the Company  in each case  prior to the date of the Combination Agreement.""Fairly Disclosed"" means disclosure of an actual fact  matter or event set out in the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) in a sufficiently clear and detailed manner so as to enable a professional and prudent offeror  having completed its review of the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) with the support of its professional advisors  acting diligently and with due care  to reasonably identify and assess the nature  scope and effects of such fact  matter or event so disclosed.""Due Diligence Information"" means (i) the information publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki  the Finnish Securities Market Act and the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as amended) before the signing date of the Combination Agreement  and (ii) the information provided by the Company in the virtual data room made available to the Offeror or its advisers as well as in formally scheduled management presentations carried out by the Company with the Offeror or its advisors.Obligation to Increase the Offer Price and to Pay CompensationThe Offeror and Bain Luxco  each respectively  reserve the right to acquire Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof) and any Subsequent Offer Period in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in a manner as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares after the Announcement and before the expiry of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favourable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond with the terms and conditions of said acquisition on more favourable terms (the ""Increase Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Increase Obligation without delay and pay  in connection with the completion of the Tender Offer  the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in a manner as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares within nine (9) months after the expiration of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favourable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  pay the difference between the consideration paid in an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer (the ""Compensation Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Compensation Obligation without delay and pay the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price within one (1) month of the date when the Compensation Obligation arose for those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer.However  according to Chapter 11  Section 25  Subsection 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Compensation Obligation will not be triggered in case the payment of a higher price than the Offer Price is based on an arbitral award pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  provided that the Offeror or any party referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act has not offered to acquire Shares on terms that are more favourable than those of the Tender Offer before or during the arbitral proceedings.Acceptance Procedure of the Tender OfferThe Tender Offer may be accepted by a shareholder registered during the Offer Period in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy (""Euroclear Finland"")  with the exception of Caverion and its subsidiaries. The Tender Offer must be accepted separately for each book-entry account. A shareholder of Caverion submitting an acceptance must have a cash account with a financial institution operating in Finland or abroad (see also ""- Terms of Payment and Settlement"" and ""Restrictions and Important Information""). Shareholders may only approve the Tender Offer unconditionally and for all Shares that are held on the book-entry accounts mentioned in the acceptance at the time of the execution of the transaction with respect to the Shares of such shareholder. Acceptances submitted during the Offer Period are valid also until the expiration of an extended or discontinued extended Offer Period  if any.Most Finnish account operators will send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@nordea.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.If the Shares held by a shareholder are pledged or otherwise subject to restrictions that prevent or limit the acceptance  the acceptance of the Tender Offer may require the consent of the pledgee or other beneficiary of a such restriction. If so  acquiring this consent is the responsibility of the relevant shareholder of Caverion. Such consent must be delivered in writing to the account operator.A shareholder of Caverion who wishes to accept the Tender Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptances that have been submitted in an incorrect or incomplete manner.Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance must be submitted so that it is received during the Subsequent Offer Period  subject to and in accordance with the instructions of the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Caverion submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period (or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable) or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.A shareholder who has validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer may not sell or otherwise transfer his/her tendered Shares. By accepting the Tender Offer  the shareholders authorise their account operator  Nordea or a party appointed by Nordea to enter into their book-entry account a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal in the manner set out in ""- Technical Completion of the Tender Offer"" below after the shareholder has delivered the acceptance with respect to the Shares. Furthermore  the shareholders of Caverion that accept the Tender Offer authorise their account operator  Nordea or a party appointed by Nordea to perform necessary entries and undertake any other measures needed for the technical execution of the Tender Offer  and to sell all the Shares held by the shareholder of Caverion at the time of the execution of trades under the Tender Offer to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be transferred to the relevant shareholders of Caverion.By accepting the Tender Offer  the accepting shareholder authorises his/her depository participant to disclose the necessary personal data  the number of his/her book-entry account and the details of the acceptance to the parties involved in the order or the execution of the order and settlement of the Shares.Right of Withdrawal of AcceptanceAn acceptance of the Tender Offer may be withdrawn by a shareholder of Caverion at any time before the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) until the Offeror has announced that all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or waived by the Offeror  that is  the Offeror has declared the Tender Offer unconditional. After such announcement  the Shares already tendered may not be withdrawn  except in the event that a third party announces a competing public tender offer for the Shares before the execution of the completion trades of the Shares as set out under ""- Completion of the Tender Offer"" below.A valid withdrawal of an acceptance of the Tender Offer requires that a withdrawal notification is submitted in writing to the account operator to whom the original acceptance was submitted.For nominee-registered Shares  the shareholders must request the relevant custodian of the nominee-registered shareholder to execute a withdrawal notification.If a shareholder of Caverion validly withdraws an acceptance of the Tender Offer  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal with respect to Shares will be removed within three (3) Finnish banking days of the receipt of a withdrawal notification.A shareholder of Caverion who has validly withdrawn its acceptance of the Tender Offer may accept the Tender Offer again during the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) by following the procedure set out under ""- Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" above.A shareholder of Caverion who withdraws its acceptance of the Tender Offer is obligated to pay any fees that the account operator operating the relevant book-entry account or the custodial nominee of a nominee-registered holding may collect for the withdrawal. In accordance with the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines  if a competing offer has been announced during the Offer Period and the completion of the Tender Offer has not taken place  neither the Offeror nor Nordea (in its capacity as arranger) will charge the shareholders for validly withdrawing their acceptance in such a situation.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance of the Tender Offer will be binding and cannot be withdrawn  unless otherwise provided under mandatory law.Technical Completion of the Tender OfferWhen an account operator has received the properly completed and duly executed acceptance or acceptance otherwise approved by the Offeror with respect to the Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  the account operator will enter a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal into the relevant shareholder's book-entry account. In connection with the completion trade of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be paid to the relevant shareholder.Announcement of the Result of the Tender OfferThe preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the fourth (4th) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) at the latest. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and accepted in the Tender Offer  and that have not been validly withdrawn  will be confirmed.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will announce the initial percentage of the Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period and the final percentage on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period.Completion of the Tender OfferThe completion trades of the Tender Offer will be executed with respect to all of those Shares of Caverion that have been validly tendered  and not validly withdrawn  into the Tender Offer no later than on the fifteenth (15th) Finnish banking day following the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer (the ""Completion Date""). If possible  the completion trades of the Shares will be executed on Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that such execution is allowed under the rules applied to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Otherwise  the completion trades will be made outside Nasdaq Helsinki. The completion trades of the Shares will be settled on the Completion Date or on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the Completion Date (the ""Settlement Date"").Terms of Payment and SettlementThe Offer Price will be paid on the Settlement Date to each shareholder of Caverion who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer into the management account of the shareholder's book-entry account. In any case  the Offer Price will not be paid to a bank account situated in Australia  Canada  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where the Tender Offer is not being made (see section ""Restrictions and Important Information""). If the management account of a shareholder of Caverion is with a different financial institution than the applicable book-entry account  the Offer Price will be paid into such cash account approximately two (2) Finnish banking days later in accordance with the schedule for payment transactions between financial institutions.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will in connection with the announcement thereof announce the terms of payment and settlement for the Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period. The completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer during the Subsequent Offer Period will  however  be executed within not more than two (2) week intervals.The Offeror reserves the right to postpone the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or suspended due to a force majeure event  but will immediately effect such payment once the force majeure event preventing or suspending payment is resolved.If all the Conditions to Completion are not met and the Offeror does not waive such conditions or extend the Offer Period  the Tender Offer will expire  and no consideration will be paid for the tendered Shares.Transfer of OwnershipTitle to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  will pass to the Offeror on the Settlement Date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  title to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted during a Subsequent Offer Period will pass to the Offeror on the relevant settlement date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder.Transfer Tax and Other PaymentsThe Offeror will pay any transfer tax that may be charged in Finland in connection with the sale of the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.Fees charged by account operators  asset managers  nominees or any other person for the release of collateral or the revoking of any other restrictions preventing the sale of the Shares  will be borne by each relevant shareholder of Caverion. Each shareholder of Caverion is liable for any fees that relate to a withdrawal of an acceptance made by such shareholder.The Offeror is liable for any other customary costs caused by the registration of entries in the book-entry system required by the Tender Offer  the execution of trades pertaining to the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer and the payment of the Offer Price.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a shareholder may be a taxable transaction for the respective shareholder under applicable tax laws  including those of the country of residency of the shareholder. Any tax liability arising to a shareholder from the receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer will be borne by such shareholder. Each shareholder is urged to consult with an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.Other MattersThis Tender Offer Document and the Tender Offer are governed by Finnish law. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Tender Offer will be settled by a court of competent jurisdiction in Finland.The Offeror reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 15 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Should the FIN-FSA issue an order regarding an extension of the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to decide upon the withdrawal of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act.Should a competing tender offer be published by a third party during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right  as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 17 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  to (i) decide upon an extension of the Offer Period; (ii) decide upon an amendment of the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer; and (iii) decide  during the Offer Period  but before the expiration of the competing offer  to let the Tender Offer lapse. The Offeror will decide on all other matters related to the Tender Offer  subject to applicable laws and regulations and the provisions of the Combination Agreement.Other InformationNordea acts as arranger outside the United States in relation to the Tender Offer  which means that it performs certain administrative services relating to the Tender Offer. This does not mean that a person who accepts the Tender Offer (the ""Participant"") will be regarded as a customer of Nordea as a result of such acceptance. A Participant will be regarded as a customer only if Nordea has provided advice to the Participant or has otherwise contacted the Participant personally regarding the Tender Offer. If the Participant is not regarded as a customer  the investor protection rules under the Finnish Act on Investment Services (747/2012  as amended) will not apply to the acceptance. This means  among other things  that neither the so-called customer categorization nor the so-called appropriateness test will be performed with respect to the Tender Offer. Each Participant is therefore responsible for ensuring that it has sufficient experience and knowledge to understand the risks associated with the Tender Offer.Important Information regarding NID and LEIAccording to Directive 2014/65/ EU on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II)  all investors must have a global identification code from 3 January 2018  in order to carry out a securities transaction. These requirements require legal entities to apply for registration of a Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") code  and natural persons need to state their NID (National ID or National Client Identifier) when accepting the Tender Offer. Each person's legal status determines whether a LEI code or NID number is required and the book-entry account operator may be prevented from performing the transaction to any person if LEI or NID number is not provided. Legal persons who need to obtain a LEI code can contact the relevant authority or one of the suppliers available on the market. Those who intend to accept the Tender Offer are encouraged to apply for registration of a LEI code (legal persons) or to acquire their NID number (natural persons) well in advance  as this information is required in the acceptance at the time of submission.Information about Processing of Personal DataShareholders who accept the Tender Offer will submit personal data  such as name  address and social security number  to Nordea  which is the controller for the processing. Personal data provided to Nordea will be processed in data systems to the extent required to administer the Tender Offer. Personal data obtained from sources other than the customer may also be processed. Personal data may also be processed in the data systems of companies with which Nordea cooperates and it may be disclosed to the Offeror and the members of the Consortium to the extent necessary for administering the Tender Offer. Address details may be obtained by Nordea through an automatic procedure executed by Euroclear Finland. Additional information on processing of personal data by Nordea  including details on how to exercise data subjects' rights  may be found at https://www.nordea.fi/en/personal/get-help/your-rights-to-personal-data.html and www.nordea.com/en/general-terms-and-policies/privacy-policy.html.The following files are available for download:SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.11,0.38,0.51,True,English,"['public cash tender offer', 'North Holdings', 'Caverion Corporation', '3 Oy', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'November', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Securities Markets Act', 'Finnish Securities Market Association', 'Bain Capital Private Equity', 'private limited liability company', 'Fennogens Investments S.A.', 'public cash tender offer', 'exclusive financial adviser', 'Finnish language version', 'Lux Holdco SARL', 'relevant regulatory approvals', 'English language translation', 'other similar transaction', 'Helsinki Takeover Code', 'America Europe DAC', 'tender offer document', 'Corbis S.A.', 'Subsequent Offer Period', 'The Tender Offer', 'new share issue', 'Bain Capital Funds', 'Security Trading Oy', 'stock split', 'financial point', 'Finnish time', 'Bain Luxco', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'other assets', 'offer price', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'North (BC', 'North Holdings', 'combination agreement', 'first quarter', 'possible extension', 'reverse split', 'euro basis', 'conflicted members', 'Stockholm branch', 'related matter', 'The Offeror', 'dilutive effect', 'record date', 'completion trades', 'respective affiliates', 'outstanding shares', 'nordea.fi', '8:35 a', '9:30 a', 'laws', 'EET', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'PRNewswire', 'November', 'vehicle', 'LLP', 'consortium', 'purposes', 'voluntary', 'subsidiaries', 'Finland', 'January', 'terms', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'extent', 'order', 'others', 'receipt', 'internet', 'caverion-offer', 'ostotarjous', '136,472,645 issued', 'number', 'result', 'reclassification', 'shareholders', 'settlements', 'expiry', 'Board', 'Directors', 'quorum', 'statement', 'opinion', 'Bank', 'view', 'assumptions', 'procedures', 'matters', 'limitations', 'qualifications', 'use', 'benefit', 'recommendation', 'connection', '4:00']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,prnewswire.co.uk
13682,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-holdings-3-oy-commences-the-voluntary-recommended-public-cash-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-corporation-on-november-24-2022-301686684.html,North Holdings 3 Oy commences the voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation on November 24  2022,Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 24 November 2022 at 8:35 a.m. EET NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHE…,"Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 24 November 2022 at 8:35 a.m. EETNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.HELSINKI  Nov. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- As announced on November 3  2022  North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (together ""Bain Capital"" and such funds being the ""Bain Capital Funds"")  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"") form a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by Caverion or its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer"") made by North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a private limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Finland. The Offeror and Caverion have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement (the ""Combination Agreement"") pursuant to which the Offeror will make the Tender Offer.The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the tender offer document relating to the Tender Offer (the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer will commence on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on January 12  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Period""). The Tender Offer is currently expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2023. The Offeror will extend the Offer Period in accordance with  and subject to  the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and regulations  to the extent necessary in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer  including  among others  the receipt of the relevant regulatory approvals. Any possible extension of the Offer Period will be announced by a stock exchange release.The Finnish language version of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.fi and www.nordea.fi/caverion-ostotarjous as of November 24  2022. The English language translation of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.com and www.nordea.fi/caverion-offer as of November 24  2022.The offer price under the Tender Offer is EUR 7.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"").The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror will be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.The Board of Directors of Caverion  represented by a quorum comprising the non-conflicted members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously decided to recommend in its statement issued pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the ""Helsinki Takeover Code"") that the shareholders of Caverion accept the Tender Offer. The Board of Directors of Caverion received an opinion  dated November 3  2022  of Caverion's exclusive financial adviser  Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  to the effect that  as of the date of such opinion  the Offer Price to be paid to holders of Shares (other than Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis and their respective affiliates) pursuant to the Tender Offer  was fair from a financial point of view  to such holders  which opinion was based upon and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken as more fully described in such opinion (the ""Opinion""). The Opinion was provided for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of Caverion and does not constitute a recommendation as to whether any holders of Shares should tender such Shares in connection with the Tender Offer  how any holders of Shares should act in connection with the Tender Offer or any related matter. The complete Opinion is attached as Appendix 1 to the statement by the Board of Directors of Caverion  issued on November 18  2022  and attached as Annex C to the Tender Offer Document.Certain major shareholders of Caverion  i.e.  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company  Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited and Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company  together representing approximately 15.35 percent of all outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion  as well as Antti Herlin  Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy and Autumn Spirit Oü  which are not part of the Consortium but are related parties to the Consortium members and together represent approximately 0.48 percent of all outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion  have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Tender Offer subject to certain customary conditions. The Shares held by the Consortium members combined with the irrevocable undertakings to support the Tender Offer represent approximately 42.50 percent of all the outstanding Shares and votes in Caverion in aggregate.The completion of the Tender Offer is  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  subject to the fulfilment or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or by the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer. These include  among others  the receipt of relevant approvals by the competition authorities and other regulatory authorities and that the Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any Shares otherwise held by the Offeror prior to the date of the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer  more than 90 per cent of the Shares and voting rights of the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) governing the right and obligation to commence compulsory redemption proceedings.Most Finnish account operators will send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to [email protected]  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.A shareholder of Caverion who wishes to accept the Tender Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptances that have been submitted in an incorrect or incomplete manner.The Offeror will announce the preliminary result of the Tender Offer on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the fourth (4th) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) at the latest. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and accepted in the Tender Offer  and that have not been validly withdrawn  will be confirmed.The Offeror and Bain Luxco  each respectively  reserve the right to acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares  or arrange ownership of Shares  before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof and any subsequent offer period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"") or otherwise.The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).UBS AG London Branch  Advium Corporate Finance Ltd.  Goldman Sachs International  Nordea Bank Abp and BNP Paribas act as the financial advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer. Nordea Bank Abp acts as the arranger outside of the United States in connection with the Tender Offer. Kirkland & Ellis International LLP  Roschier  Attorneys Ltd. and Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd act as the legal advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch acts as the exclusive financial adviser and Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd acts as the legal adviser to Caverion in connection with the Tender Offer.Investor and Media enquiries:CaverionJacob Götzsche  President and CEO  Caverion (contacts via Milena Hæggström)Mikko Kettunen  CFO  Caverion  tel. +358 50 347 7462  [email protected]Milena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations and External Communications  Caverion  tel. +358 40 5581 328  [email protected]Bain Capital  Security Trading  Fennogens and CorbisTaru Taipale  +358 50 470 6235  [email protected]ABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki last year. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).ABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of September 2022  there were more than 15 000 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer will be made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(d) under the Exchange Act  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this announcement  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. holders of Shares and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.DisclaimerUBS AG London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG London Branch is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Advium Corporate Finance Ltd is acting exclusively on behalf of the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or other matters referred to in this document  does not consider any other person (whether the recipient of this document or not) as a client in connection to the Tender Offer  and is not responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection or providing advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Nordea Bank Abp is acting as financial adviser to the Offeror and arranger outside of the United States and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this stock exchange release. For the avoidance of doubt  Nordea Bank Abp is not registered as a broker or dealer in the United States of America and will not be engaging in direct communications relating to the Tender Offer with investors located within the United States (whether on a reverse inquiry basis or otherwise). U.S. shareholders should contact their brokers with any questions relating to the Tender Offer.BNP Paribas  which is duly authorized and lead-supervised by the European Central Bank and the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of BNP Paribas  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Appendix 1: Terms and conditions of the Tender OfferTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFERObject of the Tender OfferThrough a voluntary public cash tender offer in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended  the ""Finnish Securities Markets Act"") and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland  offers to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). It is expected that following the Completion Date (as defined below)  the Offeror will be indirectly owned by North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP and/or its affiliates)  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"").Bain Luxco  Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis have formed a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the Tender Offer.In addition  (i) certain funds managed by affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. and (ii) certain affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. (""Goldman Sachs Asset Management"") are providing subordinated debt financing to the indirect parent of the Offeror  North Holdings 1 Oy in connection with the Tender Offer. In connection with the subordinated debt financing arrangement  it has been agreed that Goldman Sachs Asset Management will also make an equity co-investment alongside the Consortium members in the indirect parent company of the Offeror  North Lux Topco SARL  subject to the completion of the Tender Offer and  in each case  satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the subordinated debt financing and equity co-investment.The Offeror and the Company have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement (the ""Combination Agreement"") pursuant to which the Offeror makes the Tender Offer.Offer PriceThe Tender Offer was announced by the Offeror on November 3  2022 (the ""Announcement"") with an offer price of EUR 7.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"")  subject to any adjustments as set out below.The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror will be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.Any adjustment of the Offer Price pursuant to the above paragraph will be announced by way of a stock exchange release. If the Offer Price is adjusted  the Offer Period will continue for at least ten (10) Finnish banking days following such announcement.Offer PeriodThe offer period for the Tender Offer commences on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expires on January 12  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended or any extended offer period is discontinued as described below (the ""Offer Period"").The Offeror may extend the Offer Period (i) at any time until the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have been fulfilled or waived and/or (ii) with a Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below) in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer whereby the Offeror also declares the Tender Offer unconditional  as set forth below. The Offeror will announce a possible extension of the Offer Period  including the duration of the extended Offer Period  which shall be at least two (2) weeks or until further notice beyond two (2) weeks  by a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the original Offer Period  at the latest. Furthermore  the Offeror will announce any possible further extension of an already extended Offer Period or an extension of a discontinued extended Offer Period on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of an already extended Offer Period or a discontinued extended Offer Period  at the latest.According to Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the duration of the Offer Period in its entirety may be ten (10) weeks at the maximum. However  if the Conditions to Completion have not been fulfilled due to a particular obstacle as referred to in the regulations and guidelines 9/2013 of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the ""FIN-FSA"") on Takeover Bids and Mandatory Bids (as may be amended or re-enacted from time to time) (the ""FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines"")  such as  for example  pending approval by a competition or foreign-investment regulatory authority  the Offeror may extend the Offer Period beyond ten (10) weeks until such obstacle has been removed and the Offeror has had reasonable time to respond to the situation in question  provided that the business operations of the Company are not hindered for longer than is reasonable  as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. The Offer Period may also be extended as required under applicable laws and regulations. The expiry date of any extended Offer Period will in such case  unless published in connection with the announcement of the extension of the Offer Period  be published by the Offeror at least two (2) weeks before such expiry. Further  any Subsequent Offer Period may extend beyond ten (10) weeks.The Offeror may discontinue any extended Offer Period. The Offeror will announce its decision on the discontinuation of any extended Offer Period as soon as possible after such a decision has been made and  in any case  no less than two (2) weeks prior to the expiration of the discontinued extended Offer Period. If the Offeror discontinues an extended Offer Period  the Offer Period will expire at an earlier time on a date announced by the Offeror.The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer as set forth in ""- Announcement of the Result of the Tender Offer"" below (such extended Offer Period  the ""Subsequent Offer Period""). In the event of such Subsequent Offer Period  the Subsequent Offer Period will expire on the date and at the time determined by the Offeror in such an announcement. The expiration of a Subsequent Offer Period will be announced at least two (2) weeks before the expiration of such Subsequent Offer Period. The Offeror may also extend the Subsequent Offer Period by announcing this through a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the initially expected expiration of the Subsequent Offer Period  at the latest.Conditions to Completion of the Tender OfferA condition to the completion of the Tender Offer is that the requirements set forth below for the completion of the Tender Offer (the ""Conditions to Completion"") are fulfilled on or by the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 18 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  or  to the extent permitted by applicable law  their fulfilment is waived by the Offeror:a. The Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to the Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the Offer Period  more than ninety (90) percent of the Shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ""Finnish Companies Act"");b. The receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals  permits  clearances and consents  including without limitation approvals required under applicable foreign direct investment laws and competition clearances (or  where applicable  the expiry of relevant waiting periods) required under applicable competition laws or other regulatory laws in any jurisdiction for the completion of the Tender Offer  and that any conditions set out in such approvals  permits  clearances or consents  including  but not limited to  any requirements for the disposal of any assets of the Company or any reorganization of the business of the Company  are reasonably acceptable to the Offeror in that they are not materially adverse to the Offeror or the Company in view of the Tender Offer and have been satisfied or complied with to the extent necessary;c. No Material Adverse Change (as defined below) has occurred on or after signing date of the Combination Agreement;d. The Offeror has not received information after signing date of the Combination Agreement previously undisclosed to it that constitutes or results in a Material Adverse Change (as defined below);e. No information made public by the Group (as defined below) or disclosed by the Company to the Offeror being materially inaccurate  incomplete  or misleading  and the Company not having failed to make public any information that should have been made public by it under applicable laws  including the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"")  provided that  in each case  the information made public  disclosed or not disclosed or the failure to disclose information constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below);f. No legislation or other regulation has been issued and no court or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction has given a decision or issued any regulatory action that would wholly or in any material part prevent  postpone or frustrate the completion of the Tender Offer;g. The Board of Directors of the Company has issued its unanimous recommendation that the holders of the Shares accept the Tender Offer and tender their Shares in the Tender Offer and the recommendation remains in full force and effect and has not been withdrawn  modified  cancelled or amended (excluding  however  any technical modification or change of the recommendation required under applicable laws or the Helsinki Takeover Code as a result of a competing offer or otherwise so long as the recommendation to accept the Tender Offer is upheld); andh. The Combination Agreement has not been terminated and remains in full force and effect.The Conditions to Completion set out herein are exhaustive. The Offeror may invoke any of the Conditions to Completion so as to cause the Tender Offer not to proceed  to lapse or to be withdrawn  if the circumstances which give rise to the right to invoke the relevant Condition to Completion have a significant meaning to the Offeror in view of the Tender Offer  as referred to in the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines and the Helsinki Takeover Code. The Offeror reserves the right to waive  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  any of the Conditions to Completion that have not been fulfilled. If all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or the Offeror has waived the requirements for the fulfilment of all or some of them no later than at the time of announcement of the final results of the Tender Offer  the Offeror will consummate the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions after the expiration of the Offer Period by purchasing Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer and paying the Offer Price to the holders of Shares that have validly accepted the Tender Offer.""Affiliated Entities"" means the Company's subsidiaries including  without limitation  all branch and representative offices of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. Affiliated Entities shall also include CG FH St. Pölten GmbH and Oy Botnia Mill Service Ab subject to certain exemptions.""Group"" means the Company and the Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole.""Material Adverse Change"" means (a) the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities becoming insolvent  subject to administration  bankruptcy or any other equivalent insolvency proceedings or  if any legal proceedings or corporate resolution is taken by or against any of them in respect of any such proceedings  such action could reasonably be expected to result in the commencement of such proceedings  provided  in each case  that such proceedings could  individually or in the aggregate  reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in  or material adverse effect to  the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operation of the Group; (b) any divestment or reorganization of all or any material part of the assets of the Group; or (c) any event  condition  circumstance  development  occurrence  change  effect or fact (any such item an ""Effect"") that individually or in the aggregate  has  results in or would reasonably be expected to have or result in a material adverse effect on the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operations of the Group  excluding:i. any Effect in political  financial  industry  economic or regulatory conditions generally (including any Effect in interest or currency rates)  so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;ii. any Effect resulting from or caused by natural disasters  outbreak of major hostilities or any act of war or terrorism or change in prevailing COVID-19 situation so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;iii. the failure of the Company to meet any internal or published projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions in respect of revenues  earnings  net asset value or other financial or operating metrics before  on or after the date of the Combination Agreement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iii) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such failure to meet projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions constitutes a Material Adverse Change;iv. changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities after the date of the Combination Agreement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iv) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such change constitutes a Material Adverse Change;v. any Effect resulting from any actions taken by the Company at the express written request or direction of the Offeror;vi. any change in applicable statutes or other applicable legal or regulatory conditions  so long as such change does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole  in comparison to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business; orvii. any Effect directly attributable to (x) an act or omission carried out or omitted by the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer or (y) the announcement or completion of the Tender Offer (including the effect of any change of control or similar clauses in contracts entered into by the Group but only to the extent such contracts or clauses have been Fairly Disclosed (as defined below)) or (z) performance of obligations under the Combination Agreement by the Company insofar as such Effect is not caused by the Company's breach of the Combination.For the sake of clarity  under no circumstances shall any Material Adverse Change be deemed to exist to the extent such Effect causing a Material Adverse Change has been Fairly Disclosed (as defined below) in the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) by or on behalf of the Company  in each case  prior to the date of the Combination Agreement.""Fairly Disclosed"" means disclosure of an actual fact  matter or event set out in the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) in a sufficiently clear and detailed manner so as to enable a professional and prudent offeror  having completed its review of the Due Diligence Information (as defined below) with the support of its professional advisors  acting diligently and with due care  to reasonably identify and assess the nature  scope and effects of such fact  matter or event so disclosed.""Due Diligence Information"" means (i) the information publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki  the Finnish Securities Market Act and the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as amended) before the signing date of the Combination Agreement  and (ii) the information provided by the Company in the virtual data room made available to the Offeror or its advisers as well as in formally scheduled management presentations carried out by the Company with the Offeror or its advisors.Obligation to Increase the Offer Price and to Pay CompensationThe Offeror and Bain Luxco  each respectively  reserve the right to acquire Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof) and any Subsequent Offer Period in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in a manner as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares after the Announcement and before the expiry of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favourable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond with the terms and conditions of said acquisition on more favourable terms (the ""Increase Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Increase Obligation without delay and pay  in connection with the completion of the Tender Offer  the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in a manner as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares within nine (9) months after the expiration of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favourable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  pay the difference between the consideration paid in an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer (the ""Compensation Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Compensation Obligation without delay and pay the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favourable terms and the Offer Price within one (1) month of the date when the Compensation Obligation arose for those shareholders that have accepted the Tender Offer.However  according to Chapter 11  Section 25  Subsection 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Compensation Obligation will not be triggered in case the payment of a higher price than the Offer Price is based on an arbitral award pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  provided that the Offeror or any party referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act has not offered to acquire Shares on terms that are more favourable than those of the Tender Offer before or during the arbitral proceedings.Acceptance Procedure of the Tender OfferThe Tender Offer may be accepted by a shareholder registered during the Offer Period in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy (""Euroclear Finland"")  with the exception of Caverion and its subsidiaries. The Tender Offer must be accepted separately for each book-entry account. A shareholder of Caverion submitting an acceptance must have a cash account with a financial institution operating in Finland or abroad (see also ""- Terms of Payment and Settlement"" and ""Restrictions and Important Information""). Shareholders may only approve the Tender Offer unconditionally and for all Shares that are held on the book-entry accounts mentioned in the acceptance at the time of the execution of the transaction with respect to the Shares of such shareholder. Acceptances submitted during the Offer Period are valid also until the expiration of an extended or discontinued extended Offer Period  if any.Most Finnish account operators will send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to [email protected]  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.If the Shares held by a shareholder are pledged or otherwise subject to restrictions that prevent or limit the acceptance  the acceptance of the Tender Offer may require the consent of the pledgee or other beneficiary of a such restriction. If so  acquiring this consent is the responsibility of the relevant shareholder of Caverion. Such consent must be delivered in writing to the account operator.A shareholder of Caverion who wishes to accept the Tender Offer must submit the properly completed and duly executed acceptance to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with the instructions and within the time period set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptances that have been submitted in an incorrect or incomplete manner.Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance must be submitted so that it is received during the Subsequent Offer Period  subject to and in accordance with the instructions of the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Caverion submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period (or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable) or in an incorrect or incomplete manner.A shareholder who has validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer may not sell or otherwise transfer his/her tendered Shares. By accepting the Tender Offer  the shareholders authorise their account operator  Nordea or a party appointed by Nordea to enter into their book-entry account a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal in the manner set out in ""- Technical Completion of the Tender Offer"" below after the shareholder has delivered the acceptance with respect to the Shares. Furthermore  the shareholders of Caverion that accept the Tender Offer authorise their account operator  Nordea or a party appointed by Nordea to perform necessary entries and undertake any other measures needed for the technical execution of the Tender Offer  and to sell all the Shares held by the shareholder of Caverion at the time of the execution of trades under the Tender Offer to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be transferred to the relevant shareholders of Caverion.By accepting the Tender Offer  the accepting shareholder authorises his/her depository participant to disclose the necessary personal data  the number of his/her book-entry account and the details of the acceptance to the parties involved in the order or the execution of the order and settlement of the Shares.Right of Withdrawal of AcceptanceAn acceptance of the Tender Offer may be withdrawn by a shareholder of Caverion at any time before the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) until the Offeror has announced that all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or waived by the Offeror  that is  the Offeror has declared the Tender Offer unconditional. After such announcement  the Shares already tendered may not be withdrawn  except in the event that a third party announces a competing public tender offer for the Shares before the execution of the completion trades of the Shares as set out under ""- Completion of the Tender Offer"" below.A valid withdrawal of an acceptance of the Tender Offer requires that a withdrawal notification is submitted in writing to the account operator to whom the original acceptance was submitted.For nominee-registered Shares  the shareholders must request the relevant custodian of the nominee-registered shareholder to execute a withdrawal notification.If a shareholder of Caverion validly withdraws an acceptance of the Tender Offer  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal with respect to Shares will be removed within three (3) Finnish banking days of the receipt of a withdrawal notification.A shareholder of Caverion who has validly withdrawn its acceptance of the Tender Offer may accept the Tender Offer again during the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) by following the procedure set out under ""- Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" above.A shareholder of Caverion who withdraws its acceptance of the Tender Offer is obligated to pay any fees that the account operator operating the relevant book-entry account or the custodial nominee of a nominee-registered holding may collect for the withdrawal. In accordance with the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines  if a competing offer has been announced during the Offer Period and the completion of the Tender Offer has not taken place  neither the Offeror nor Nordea (in its capacity as arranger) will charge the shareholders for validly withdrawing their acceptance in such a situation.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance of the Tender Offer will be binding and cannot be withdrawn  unless otherwise provided under mandatory law.Technical Completion of the Tender OfferWhen an account operator has received the properly completed and duly executed acceptance or acceptance otherwise approved by the Offeror with respect to the Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  the account operator will enter a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal into the relevant shareholder's book-entry account. In connection with the completion trade of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be paid to the relevant shareholder.Announcement of the Result of the Tender OfferThe preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the fourth (4th) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued extended Offer Period) at the latest. In connection with the announcement of the final result  the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and accepted in the Tender Offer  and that have not been validly withdrawn  will be confirmed.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will announce the initial percentage of the Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period and the final percentage on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period.Completion of the Tender OfferThe completion trades of the Tender Offer will be executed with respect to all of those Shares of Caverion that have been validly tendered  and not validly withdrawn  into the Tender Offer no later than on the fifteenth (15th) Finnish banking day following the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer (the ""Completion Date""). If possible  the completion trades of the Shares will be executed on Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that such execution is allowed under the rules applied to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Otherwise  the completion trades will be made outside Nasdaq Helsinki. The completion trades of the Shares will be settled on the Completion Date or on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the Completion Date (the ""Settlement Date"").Terms of Payment and SettlementThe Offer Price will be paid on the Settlement Date to each shareholder of Caverion who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer into the management account of the shareholder's book-entry account. In any case  the Offer Price will not be paid to a bank account situated in Australia  Canada  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where the Tender Offer is not being made (see section ""Restrictions and Important Information""). If the management account of a shareholder of Caverion is with a different financial institution than the applicable book-entry account  the Offer Price will be paid into such cash account approximately two (2) Finnish banking days later in accordance with the schedule for payment transactions between financial institutions.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will in connection with the announcement thereof announce the terms of payment and settlement for the Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period. The completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer during the Subsequent Offer Period will  however  be executed within not more than two (2) week intervals.The Offeror reserves the right to postpone the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or suspended due to a force majeure event  but will immediately effect such payment once the force majeure event preventing or suspending payment is resolved.If all the Conditions to Completion are not met and the Offeror does not waive such conditions or extend the Offer Period  the Tender Offer will expire  and no consideration will be paid for the tendered Shares.Transfer of OwnershipTitle to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  will pass to the Offeror on the Settlement Date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  title to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted during a Subsequent Offer Period will pass to the Offeror on the relevant settlement date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder.Transfer Tax and Other PaymentsThe Offeror will pay any transfer tax that may be charged in Finland in connection with the sale of the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.Fees charged by account operators  asset managers  nominees or any other person for the release of collateral or the revoking of any other restrictions preventing the sale of the Shares  will be borne by each relevant shareholder of Caverion. Each shareholder of Caverion is liable for any fees that relate to a withdrawal of an acceptance made by such shareholder.The Offeror is liable for any other customary costs caused by the registration of entries in the book-entry system required by the Tender Offer  the execution of trades pertaining to the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer and the payment of the Offer Price.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a shareholder may be a taxable transaction for the respective shareholder under applicable tax laws  including those of the country of residency of the shareholder. Any tax liability arising to a shareholder from the receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer will be borne by such shareholder. Each shareholder is urged to consult with an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.Other MattersThis Tender Offer Document and the Tender Offer are governed by Finnish law. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Tender Offer will be settled by a court of competent jurisdiction in Finland.The Offeror reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 15 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Should the FIN-FSA issue an order regarding an extension of the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to decide upon the withdrawal of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act.Should a competing tender offer be published by a third party during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right  as stipulated in Chapter 11  Section 17 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  to (i) decide upon an extension of the Offer Period; (ii) decide upon an amendment of the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer; and (iii) decide  during the Offer Period  but before the expiration of the competing offer  to let the Tender Offer lapse. The Offeror will decide on all other matters related to the Tender Offer  subject to applicable laws and regulations and the provisions of the Combination Agreement.Other InformationNordea acts as arranger outside the United States in relation to the Tender Offer  which means that it performs certain administrative services relating to the Tender Offer. This does not mean that a person who accepts the Tender Offer (the ""Participant"") will be regarded as a customer of Nordea as a result of such acceptance. A Participant will be regarded as a customer only if Nordea has provided advice to the Participant or has otherwise contacted the Participant personally regarding the Tender Offer. If the Participant is not regarded as a customer  the investor protection rules under the Finnish Act on Investment Services (747/2012  as amended) will not apply to the acceptance. This means  among other things  that neither the so-called customer categorization nor the so-called appropriateness test will be performed with respect to the Tender Offer. Each Participant is therefore responsible for ensuring that it has sufficient experience and knowledge to understand the risks associated with the Tender Offer.Important Information regarding NID and LEIAccording to Directive 2014/65/ EU on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II)  all investors must have a global identification code from 3 January 2018  in order to carry out a securities transaction. These requirements require legal entities to apply for registration of a Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") code  and natural persons need to state their NID (National ID or National Client Identifier) when accepting the Tender Offer. Each person's legal status determines whether a LEI code or NID number is required and the book-entry account operator may be prevented from performing the transaction to any person if LEI or NID number is not provided. Legal persons who need to obtain a LEI code can contact the relevant authority or one of the suppliers available on the market. Those who intend to accept the Tender Offer are encouraged to apply for registration of a LEI code (legal persons) or to acquire their NID number (natural persons) well in advance  as this information is required in the acceptance at the time of submission.Information about Processing of Personal DataShareholders who accept the Tender Offer will submit personal data  such as name  address and social security number  to Nordea  which is the controller for the processing. Personal data provided to Nordea will be processed in data systems to the extent required to administer the Tender Offer. Personal data obtained from sources other than the customer may also be processed. Personal data may also be processed in the data systems of companies with which Nordea cooperates and it may be disclosed to the Offeror and the members of the Consortium to the extent necessary for administering the Tender Offer. Address details may be obtained by Nordea through an automatic procedure executed by Euroclear Finland. Additional information on processing of personal data by Nordea  including details on how to exercise data subjects' rights  may be found at https://www.nordea.fi/en/personal/get-help/your-rights-to-personal-data.html and www.nordea.com/en/general-terms-and-policies/privacy-policy.html.The following files are available for download:SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.11,0.38,0.51,True,English,"['public cash tender offer', 'North Holdings', 'Caverion Corporation', '3 Oy', 'voluntary', 'shares', 'November', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Securities Markets Act', 'Finnish Securities Market Association', 'Bain Capital Private Equity', 'private limited liability company', 'Fennogens Investments S.A.', 'public cash tender offer', 'exclusive financial adviser', 'Finnish language version', 'Lux Holdco SARL', 'relevant regulatory approvals', 'English language translation', 'other similar transaction', 'Helsinki Takeover Code', 'America Europe DAC', 'tender offer document', 'Corbis S.A.', 'Subsequent Offer Period', 'The Tender Offer', 'new share issue', 'Bain Capital Funds', 'Security Trading Oy', 'stock split', 'financial point', 'Finnish time', 'Bain Luxco', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'other assets', 'offer price', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'North (BC', 'North Holdings', 'combination agreement', 'first quarter', 'possible extension', 'reverse split', 'euro basis', 'conflicted members', 'Stockholm branch', 'related matter', 'The Offeror', 'dilutive effect', 'record date', 'completion trades', 'respective affiliates', 'outstanding shares', 'nordea.fi', '8:35 a', '9:30 a', 'laws', 'EET', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'PRNewswire', 'November', 'vehicle', 'LLP', 'consortium', 'purposes', 'voluntary', 'subsidiaries', 'Finland', 'January', 'terms', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'extent', 'order', 'others', 'receipt', 'internet', 'caverion-offer', 'ostotarjous', '136,472,645 issued', 'number', 'result', 'reclassification', 'shareholders', 'settlements', 'expiry', 'Board', 'Directors', 'quorum', 'statement', 'opinion', 'Bank', 'view', 'assumptions', 'procedures', 'matters', 'limitations', 'qualifications', 'use', 'benefit', 'recommendation', 'connection', '4:00']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,prnewswire.com
13683,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/DvPNnEO4Je,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/DvPNnEO4Je,neutral,0.08,0.74,0.18,neutral,0.08,0.74,0.18,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'DvPNnEO4Je', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'DvPNnEO4Je']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13684,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banks  fintechs both want more transparency for Fed master accounts #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/p3yqNftdIg #regtech,nan,Banks  fintechs both want more transparency for Fed master accounts #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/p3yqNftdIg #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Fed master accounts', 'Banks', 'fintechs', 'transparency', 'Fed master accounts', 'Banks', 'fintechs', 'transparency']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13685,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The enemy of ‘good’ is ‘better’ #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LFXmFZpVWA #regtech,nan,The enemy of ‘good’ is ‘better’ #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LFXmFZpVWA #regtech,negative,0.13,0.05,0.83,negative,0.13,0.05,0.83,True,English,"['enemy', 'good', 'co', 'LFXmFZpVWA', 'enemy', 'good', 'co', 'LFXmFZpVWA']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13686,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/20ea2023d4190c8a,Germany stocks higher at close of trade; DAX up 0.78% By Investing.com,Investing.com – Germany stocks were higher after the close on Thursday  as gains in the Retail  Financial Services and Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare sectors led shares higher. At the close in Frankfurt  the DAX added 0.78% to hit a new 3-months high  while the…,Investing.com – Germany stocks were higher after the close on Thursday  as gains in the Retail  Financial Services and Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare sectors led shares higher.At the close in Frankfurt  the DAX added 0.78% to hit a new 3-months high  while the MDAX index added 1.63%  and the TecDAX index added 0.87%.The best performers of the session on the DAX were Vonovia SE (ETR:VNAn)  which rose 5.74% or 1.33 points to trade at 24.49 at the close. Meanwhile  Siemens Energy AG (ETR:ENR1n) added 4.13% or 0.64 points to end at 16.13 and Covestro AG (ETR:1COV) was up 3.53% or 1.30 points to 38.12 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Munich Reinsurance (ETR:MUVGn)  which fell 0.67% or 2.00 points to trade at 295.80 at the close. Airbus Group SE (ETR:AIRG) declined 0.44% or 0.50 points to end at 113.26 and Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR:DB1Gn) was down 0.43% or 0.75 points to 173.40.The top performers on the MDAX were LEG Immobilien AG (ETR:LEGn) which rose 6.76% to 63.52 …This story appeared first on investing.com   2022-11-24.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.0,0.5,True,English,"['Germany', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Investing', 'Siemens Energy AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'LEG Immobilien AG', 'Airbus Group SE', 'Covestro AG', 'Vonovia SE', 'Germany stocks', 'Financial Services', 'Healthcare sectors', 'new 3-months', 'TecDAX index', 'best performers', 'late trade', 'worst performers', 'Munich Reinsurance', 'top performers', 'MDAX index', 'ETR:AIRG', 'close', 'Thursday', 'gains', 'Retail', 'Pharmaceuticals', 'shares', 'Frankfurt', 'session', '1.33 points', 'ENR1n', '0.64 points', '1COV', 'MUVGn', '2.00 points', 'DB1Gn', 'LEGn', 'story', 'investing.', '1.30', '0.50']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,biztoc.com
13687,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/encavis-ag-acquires-second-subsidy-060206667.html,ENCAVIS AG acquires a second subsidy-free 14 MW solar park in Sweden,Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a second subsidy-free 14 MW solar park in Sweden 24.11.2022 / 07:02 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate News ENCAVIS acquires a second subsidy-free 14 MW solar park in SwedenHamburg/Lillestrøm ,"EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG / Key word(s): Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a second subsidy-free 14 MW solar park in SwedenThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsENCAVIS acquires a second subsidy-free 14 MW solar park in SwedenHamburg/Lillestrøm  24 November 2022 – Hamburg-based wind and solar park operator Encavis AG  listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003  stock exchange symbol: ECV)  acquires a second solar park in Sweden as part of its partnership with the Norwegian solar park developer Solgrid AS. The park is located in Västervik on the east coast of Sweden  will have a generation capacity of around 14 MW and is planned to be connected to the grid in Q3 2023. The first joint solar park project in Sweden was realised in Varberg on the Swedish west coast in April 2022 with a generation capacity of 5 MW. Encavis and Solgrid aim to jointly develop further solar parks in Southern Sweden with a total generation capacity of more than 100 MW. The plan is to bundle several projects to sign a long-term PPA. In the meantime  Encavis will sell short- and mid-term hedged electricity contracts.""At Encavis we are excited about the second successful project of our partnership with Solgrid in Sweden. It does not only bring us closer to our capacity expansion in line with our growth strategy ‘>> Fast Forward 2025’  it also strengthens our presence in Scandinavia  which is one of the most interesting new solar energy markets in Europe”  welcomes Mario Schirru  Chief Investment Officer/Chief Operations Officer (CIO/COO) of Encavis AG  the new acquisition.“We are very pleased to strengthen our partnership with Encavis even further. The solar plant in Västervik will  as the solar plant Varberg Norra  be owned by the joint company EnSol Nordic. We are looking forward to realising more projects together with Encavis in Sweden in the years to come” says Kristin Melsnes  CEO of Solgrid AS.About ENCAVIS:Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates solar parks and (onshore) wind farms in eleven European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group's total generation capacity currently adds up to around 3.4 gigawatts (GW)  which corresponds to a total saving of more than 1.4 million tonnes of CO 2 per year. Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors.Encavis is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG's environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world's leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with ""A"" and ISS ESG with their ""Prime"" label.Additional information can be found on www.encavis.comAbout SOLGRID:Founded in 2020  the Norwegian developer Solgrid aims to become a leading Nordic producer of solar energy. In cooperation with power producers  public authorities and grid operators  the Company develops  builds  operates and own industrial scale solar power plants. Solgrid has a project portfolio of more than 1 500 MW in Norway and Sweden in different stages. The construction of its first plant (Varberg Norra) started and was completed in 2021. The team and owners have a long track record from the Nordic and international energy and solar power industry.Additional information can be found on www.solgrid.noContact:ENCAVIS AGJörg PetersHead of Corporate Communications & IRTel.: + 49 40 37 85 62 242E-Mail: joerg.peters@encavis.comContact:SOLGRID ASKristin MelsnesCEOTel.: +47 952 95 342E-Mail: kristin@solgrid.no24.11.2022 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['second subsidy-free 14 MW solar park', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'Sweden', 'industrial scale solar power plants', 'interesting new solar energy markets', 'second subsidy-free 14 MW solar park', 'first joint solar park project', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'long-term power purchase agreements', 'mid-term hedged electricity contracts', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'leading independent power producers', 'Norwegian solar park developer', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Encavis Asset Management AG', 'second solar park', 'second successful project', 'solar park operator', 'solar power industry', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'eleven European countries', 'sustainable energy production', 'UN Global Compact', 'UN PRI network', 'long track record', 'MSCI ESG Ratings', 'stock exchange symbol', 'Swedish west coast', 'onshore) wind farms', 'Norwegian developer Solgrid', 'EQS Group AG', 'Jörg Peters', 'The Encavis Group', 'leading Nordic producer', 'total generation capacity', 'corporate ESG performance', 'Kristin Melsnes CEO', 'first plant', 'solar parks', 'solar plant', 'project portfolio', 'new acquisition', 'joint company', 'fund services', 'international energy', 'EQS News', 'total saving', 'Hamburg-based wind', 'east coast', 'long-term PPA', 'ticker symbol', 'governance performance', 'capacity expansion', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'Corporate News', 'Corporate Communications', 'Lillestrøm', 'Prime Standard', 'Västervik', 'growth strategy', 'Mario Schirru', 'EnSol Nordic', 'Renewable Energies', 'stable yields', '1.4 million tonnes', 'institutional investors', 'environmental, social', 'Prime"" label', 'Additional information', 'public authorities', 'different stages', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'Varberg Norra', 'several projects', 'grid operators', 'Solgrid AS', 'Southern Sweden', '5 MW', '100 MW', '1,500 MW', 'EQS-News', 'issuer', 'content', 'MDAX', 'ECV', 'part', 'Q3', 'April', 'meantime', 'line', 'presence', 'Scandinavia', 'CIO/COO', 'years', 'ISIN', 'IPP', 'feed', 'tariffs', 'FIT', '3.4 gigawatts', 'GW', 'signatory', 'world', 'cooperation', 'Norway', 'construction', 'team', 'owners', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'joerg', 'Archive', '24', '47']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,uk.news.yahoo.com
13688,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e3SLWQVJaQ,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e3SLWQVJaQ,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13689,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-november-090000076.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 17 – November 23  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 17 – November 23  2022 November 24  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert...,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 17 – November 23  2022November 24  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 315 046 of its own ordinary shares in the period from November 17  2022  up to and including November 23  2022  for €32.4 million and at an average share price of €102.98.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2022  as announced on August 3  2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 8 708 667 853.4 97.99For the period starting November 3  2022  up to and including December 28  2022  we have mandated a third party to execute €244 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'November', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share buybacks', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'November', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'August', 'date', 'December', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13690,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-announces-launch-scheme-arrangement-123100301.html,VEON announces launch of scheme of arrangement to extend 2023 Notes maturities,Amsterdam  Netherlands  24 November 2022 13:30 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”) ...,"VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  Netherlands  24 November 2022 13:30 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”) and VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announced the launch of a scheme of arrangement in England (the “Scheme”) via the issuance of a Practice Statement Letter to extend the maturity of the 5.95% notes due February 2023 and 7.25% notes due April 2023 issued by the Company (together  the “2023 Notes”) by eight months from their respective maturity dates.Rationale for the AmendmentsThe Scheme launched by the Company today proposes an eight-month extension to the respective maturity dates of the 2023 Notes  together with certain other amendments to the terms of the 2023 Notes and related trust deeds as further outlined in this announcement.The Scheme represents the culmination of six months of discussions between the Group and its advisers during which they have considered multiple different potential transaction structures. If the status quo were to continue  the options available to it would be significantly constrained by the current and evolving political situation  international sanctions laws and Russian regulations. In these circumstances  the Group has concluded that a short-term extension of the maturity of the 2023 Notes represents the best option available to the Group and its stakeholders  as it will provide the Group with additional time to pursue a number of strategic transactions.The Amendments will allow the Group time to conclude the agreed sale of its Russian subsidiary  PJSC VimpelCom (“VimpelCom”)  as announced separately earlier today ( https://www.veon.com/media/media-releases/2022/veon-ltd-press-release-24-11-2022/ ) (the “VimpelCom Disposal”)  which is expected to be completed in early June 2023 (subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals  any required consent from VEON creditors and satisfaction of customary closing conditions). Under the sale agreement for the VimpelCom Disposal  VEON will receive total consideration of RUB 130 billion (approximately USD 2.1 billion1). Subject to receipt of the necessary licenses and/or approval from competent sanctions authorities  it is expected that the total consideration will be paid primarily by VimpelCom taking on and discharging certain notes issued by the Company  thus significantly deleveraging VEON’s consolidated balance sheet. The Group considers that the VimpelCom Disposal represents the single-most material deleveraging action available to the Group  which will at the same time increase the prospect of future access to international debt capital markets  which are currently not available to the Group.Story continuesThe Amendments  together with the deleveraging described above  are also expected to curtail the inefficient use of cash which would result from the payments on the Russian National Settlement Depository (the “NSD”) held portion of the 2023 Notes being trapped in the international clearing systems and the principal amount of the 2023 Notes held through Russian depositaries being repaid by both the Company and VimpelCom due to the European Union’s sanctions targeting the NSD  and possibly in response to United States and United Kingdom sanctions laws and regulations targeting Russia more broadly  as further described below. It will also provide short term stability and further optionality to implement the asset monetization strategy underpinning VEON’s objectives to further reduce leverage and maximize its stakeholders’ returns.The Scheme launched by the Company today proposes the following changes with respect to the 2023 Notes (together  the “Amendments”):an eight-month extension of the respective maturity dates of the February 2023 Notes and April 2023 Notes to October 2023 and December 2023 respectively;an amendment of the consent and quorum thresholds for ordinary matters and Reserved Matters (as defined in the 2023 Notes trust deeds) 2 and excluding beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes who are the target of applicable sanctions laws or regulations that prohibit them from dealing with the 2023 Notes from counting in the consent and quorum thresholds 3 ; andpayment of an amendment fee of 75bps payable on the 2023 Notes outstanding on their respective amended maturity dates.Subject to the Amendments being successfully implemented  and completion of the VimpelCom Disposal  the Group currently intends to use excess liquidity to redeem financial liabilities to deleverage and reduce its interest obligations.BackgroundOver the past nine months  the Group has successfully strengthened its liquidity position  and this will remain a key priority in the near term. However  despite the resilient performance of its underlying operating companies  which are considered largely self-sustaining  VEON’s ability to upstream cash for debt service is currently impaired by currency and capital controls in two of its major markets (Ukraine and Russia) and other geopolitical/FX pressures affecting emerging markets generally  including the countries in which the Group has operations.In addition  the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and developments since February 2022 with respect to sanctions laws and regulations have resulted in unprecedented challenges for VEON  limiting access to the international debt capital markets in which VEON has traditionally refinanced maturing debt and so hampering its ability to refinance indebtedness. Without a change in the status quo  the situation is likely to remain challenging  including as a result of the withdrawal of VEON’s credit ratings by rating agencies due to VEON’s current exposure to Russia.Blocking of NSD PaymentsAs a result of sanctions laws and regulations imposed on Russia  cash payments of both interest and principal amounts that either have already been made or will be made by the Company under its various RUB and USD notes (the “Notes”) through the international clearing systems do not reach the beneficial owners of the Notes that are held directly or indirectly (through the chain of Russian depositaries) via the NSD (such owners  the “NSD Noteholders”). VEON understands that such cash payments are instead being blocked by the international clearing systems  as the international clearing systems are not making payments to the NSD  due to the European Union’s targeting of the NSD  and possibly in response to United States and United Kingdom sanctions laws and regulations targeting Russia more broadly.Given the Company believes a significant proportion of NSD Noteholders are among the holders of the 2023 Notes (estimated to represent c. 60% of the 2023 Notes and c. 50% of all Notes maturing through 20274)  any maturity payments made by the Company in respect of the 2023 Notes on their respective maturity dates are expected to result in an inefficient use of material sums of liquidity  due to the cash remaining blocked in the international clearing systems.Russian Regulatory BackdropOn 5 July 2022  the President of the Russian Federation issued Decree 430  which states that “Russian legal entities with obligations related to Eurobonds are required to ensure the fulfilment of obligations to holders of Eurobonds whose rights are recorded by Russian depositaries”.Although the Notes have been issued by the Company and VimpelCom is neither a co-obligor nor a guarantor under the Notes  on 20 September 2022  VimpelCom received correspondence from the Russian Ministry of Finance (the ""Russian MinFin"") in which the Russian MinFin stated that it “consider[s] it appropriate that PJSC VimpelCom ensure the fulfilment of obligations under [the Notes] … to holders of Eurobonds whose rights are recorded by Russian depositaries”. In addition  the Russian MinFin requested VimpelCom to provide information on payments made with respect to the Notes. Certain Russian noteholders have also commenced legal proceedings in Russia against VimpelCom requesting VimpelCom to pay under certain Notes.VEON is currently assessing the potential impact of any obligation that may be imposed on VimpelCom as a matter of Russian law to assume direct responsibility for the discharge of the Notes held through Russian depositaries and potential solutions to the same. In the event that VimpelCom were to make principal or interest payments directly to beneficial owners of the Notes that are held through Russian depositaries  the Group has no comfort that the clearing systems would recognize the payment by VimpelCom as being good discharge of the Company’s payment obligations (and the trust deeds do not otherwise make provision for recognizing such payments). Accordingly  as matters stand  it is possible that VimpelCom and the Company could both be required to make material payments in respect of the same amounts of interest and principal due on 2023 Notes held through Russian depositories.Scheme of ArrangementThe Scheme is expected to enable the Amendments to be implemented upon obtaining the necessary majority consents (being a majority in number  representing at least 75% by value of those beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes present and voting at the Scheme meeting  either in person or by proxy). Any sanctioned beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes and sanctioned persons that may act as custodian for beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes will be excluded from participating in and voting on the Scheme.All actions taken in connection with the Amendments shall be in full compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including any economic or financial sanctions laws or regulations as amended from time to time  administered  enacted  or enforced by: the United States; the United Nations; the European Union or any member states thereof; the United Kingdom; Bermuda and other jurisdictions applicable to the Group (excluding the Russian Federation and the Republic of Belarus)  and any necessary licenses and approvals issued by the competent sanctions authorities of the foregoing jurisdictions.The Scheme will include a standstill provision whereby if the Company (in its sole discretion) has determined to seek any sanctions licenses in connection with the Amendments and any such license has not been granted by the time the Scheme is sanctioned  a standstill on enforcement action shall commence and the principal amount of the 2023 Notes will be treated for all purposes as if it has not fallen due for payment until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Amendments are implemented  (ii) 13 October 2023 or (iii) the date on which the Scheme is otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms.Next StepsFurther details regarding the Scheme and the Amendments are contained in the Practice Statement Letter  which is available to Scheme Creditors (as defined in the Practice Statement Letter) on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon.The Group is targeting the sanctioning and effectiveness of the Scheme in the coming months. If the Scheme becomes effective  all of the Scheme Creditors (irrespective of whether or not they voted in favour of the Scheme) will be bound by the terms of the Scheme and the Scheme will alter the rights of the Scheme Creditors. However  completion of the Amendments will be conditional upon obtaining licenses from competent sanctions authorities  to the extent that the Company determines that such licenses are required.The board of directors of the Company recommends to the Scheme Creditors that are entitled to vote on the Scheme that they should vote in favour of and approve the Scheme.Any beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes who wish to discuss the Scheme or the Amendments  and are not designated or otherwise subject to asset freezes or equivalent blocking restrictions under European Union  United Kingdom  United States or other applicable sanctions regimes  are invited to contact VEON (bonds@veon.com) and/or Moelis & Company  who are acting as financial advisors in relation to the Scheme or the Amendments (Marcel.Brouwer@moelis.com).Anticipated Process & TimelineKey Date5 Steps 24 November 2022 Transaction announcement and launch of the Scheme via issuance of the practice statement letter 20 December 2022 Convening hearing On or after 20 December 2022 Issuance of explanatory statement (and accompanying documents) and  subject to receipt of any necessary licenses and approvals  invitation to submit voting and proxy forms  and notice of Scheme meeting On or after 24 January 2023 Scheme meeting* On or after 30 January 2023 Sanction hearing  filing of sanction order and implementation of the Amendments**Subject to receipt of any necessary licenses and/or approvals from competent sanctions authorities  if relevant. See “Scheme of Arrangement” above for details of the standstill provisionsPortfolio Strategy & 2022-24 AmbitionIn line with its previously communicated strategy  the Group remains focused on active portfolio management and the pursuit of opportunities to realize the value of its infrastructure assets (with around $0.8 billion of potential asset monetization proceeds in 2023 and beyond)  further bolster Group and HQ liquidity and de-lever. At the same time  it expects to continue to invest into connectivity  digital opportunities and support portfolio investments to drive growth in its core countries.Expected key areas of focus in each geography are outlined below:Russia : Completion of the VimpelCom Disposal in compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations.Ukraine : Ensure people remain connected by keeping the network operational and re invest cash generated locally to create value.Pakistan & Kazakhstan : Consolidate market leadership positions and unlock infrastructure value while pioneering digital services.Bangladesh : Unlock infrastructure value and free up capital for country wide investment.Uzbekistan : Capitalize on growth opportunities.Kyrgyzstan : Continue to develop business while exploring strategic options.Based on its current geographic footprint and asset profile (and taking into account the anticipated VimpelCom Disposal)  it is VEON’s ambition to achieve low to mid-single-digit growth in U.S. Dollar over the next three years in both Group revenue and EBITDA  while maintaining EBITDA margins in line with current levels and reducing group capex below 20%.FY2022 corporate costs are expected to be approximately USD 185m  compared to USD 208m in 2021  a decrease of approximately 10% YoY. In light of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine  capital controls and sanctions environment  no dividend upstreaming is expected from Russia and Ukraine in the foreseeable future. Cash upstreaming potential is expected to remain in Pakistan  Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan (medium-high expected probability)  Bangladesh and Kyrgyzstan (low expected probability).Important NoticeThis announcement is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This presentation is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws. Information contained in this communication or any part hereof is not intended for any persons in the Russian Federation who are not ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 51.2 of Federal Law No. 39-FZ ""On the Securities Market"" dated 22 April 1996  as amended (the ""Russian QIs"")  and must not be distributed or circulated into Russia or made available in Russia to any persons who are not Russian QIs  unless and to the extent they are otherwise permitted to access such information under Russian law. No securities have been and will be registered in Russia and are intended for ""placement"" or ""circulation"" in Russia (each as defined in Russian securities laws) unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law.Elements of this presentation contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis announcement has been prepared by VEON solely for informational purposes.This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes”  “estimates”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “may” or “will” or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology or by their context. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts  and in particular those items indicated as targets  ambitions or expectations of future results. They appear in a number of places and include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the Group's intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  amongst other things  results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  activity in the financial markets  competition and technology or the regulatory environment  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ materially from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which the Group operates  may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements set out in this announcement. Past performance of the Group cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this announcement and the Group expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release any update of  or revisions to  any forward-looking statements in this announcement. There can be no guarantee that any contemplated transactions or activities described in this announcement will occur on the terms described herein or at all.Nothing in this announcement should be considered to be a forecast of future profitability or financial position of the Group and none of the information in this announcement is or is intended to be a profit forecast  dividend forecast or profit estimate. This announcement reflects management’s estimates based on information available as of the date this announcement. In addition  any future ambition figures included in this announcement are based on the Company’s current geographic footprint and asset profile. Therefore  you should not place undue reliance upon such financial information.This announcement does not constitute  and should not be construed as  part of any offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or any businesses or assets described in it and it is not intended to provide the basis of any investment decision nor does it or is it intended to form the basis of any contract for acquisition of or investment in any member of the Group  financial promotion  or any offer or invitation in relation to any acquisition of or investment in any member of the Group in any jurisdiction  nor does it purport to give legal  tax or financial advice. Nothing herein shall be taken as constituting the giving of investment advice and this announcement is not intended to provide  and must not be taken as  the basis of any decision and should not be considered as a recommendation to acquire any securities of the Group. The recipient must make its own independent assessment and such investigations as it deems necessary. The information  statements and opinions contained in this announcement do not constitute a public offer under any applicable legislation or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.No representation or warranty  express or implied  is made or given  and no responsibility is accepted  by or on behalf of the Group or any of its shareholders  affiliates  directors  officers or employees or any other person as to the accuracy  adequacy  usefulness  completeness or fairness of the information or opinions contained in these materials or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions on which any of the information herein is based. The Group shall have no liability to any party for the quality  accuracy  timeliness  continued availability  or completeness of any information contained in this announcement.Any transaction entered into as part of the Scheme or the Amendments must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licenses and approvals from competent sanctions authorities. Developments with respect to applicable sanctions and export control laws and regulations following the date of this announcement could materially impact the transactions presented herein.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawbonds@veon.comMoelis & CompanyManaging DirectorMarcel BrouwerMarcel.Brouwer@moelis.com1 USD/RUB rate of 60.5043  source: Central Bank of Russia FX rate as of 24 November 20222 Written resolutions threshold of >50% for ordinary matters and 66 2/3% for Reserved Matters  and inclusion of electronic consent process with same thresholds; Noteholder meeting voting threshold of >50%  subject to a quorum requirement of >50% (or  if at adjourned meeting  any amount of Notes) or  in respect of any Reserved Matter  subject to a quorum requirement of 66 2/3% (or  if at an adjourned meeting  33 1/3%)3 Such beneficial owners would be excluded from both the numerator and denominator4 Estimate based on custodian data from Kroll5 Final dates subject to Court availability and confirmation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.15,0.65,True,English,"['2023 Notes maturities', 'VEON', 'launch', 'scheme', 'arrangement', 'multiple different potential transaction structures', 'single-most material deleveraging action', 'Russian National Settlement Depository', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'United Kingdom sanctions laws', 'international debt capital markets', 'international sanctions laws', 'international clearing systems', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'global digital operator', 'Practice Statement Letter', 'related trust deeds', 'evolving political situation', 'customary closing conditions', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'asset monetization strategy', 'underlying operating companies', 'competent sanctions authorities', 'short term stability', 'past nine months', 'respective maturity dates', '2023 Notes trust deeds', 'United States', 'debt service', 'capital controls', 'major markets', 'Russian subsidiary', 'Russian depositaries', 'near term', 'eight months', 'six months', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'eight-month extension', 'status quo', 'short-term extension', 'best option', 'additional time', 'strategic transactions', 'early June', 'regulatory approvals', 'total consideration', 'necessary licenses', 'same time', 'future access', 'inefficient use', 'principal amount', 'European Union', 'following changes', 'ordinary matters', 'Reserved Matters', 'beneficial owners', 'excess liquidity', 'financial liabilities', 'interest obligations', 'liquidity position', 'key priority', 'resilient performance', 'Russian regulations', 'PJSC VimpelCom', 'VimpelCom Disposal', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'other amendments', 'The Amendments', 'VEON creditors', 'sale agreement', 'stakeholders’ returns', 'amendment fee', 'The Scheme', 'Group time', 'The Group', 'quorum thresholds', 'February 2023 Notes', '5.95% notes', '7.25% notes', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'launch', 'arrangement', 'England', 'issuance', 'April', 'Rationale', 'terms', 'announcement', 'culmination', 'discussions', 'advisers', 'options', 'current', 'circumstances', 'number', 'media/media-releases', 'press-release-24', 'receipt', 'consent', 'satisfaction', 'RUB', 'prospect', 'Story', 'cash', 'payments', 'NSD', 'portion', 'response', 'optionality', 'objectives', 'leverage', 'October', 'December', 'target', 'completion', 'currency', 'Ukraine']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13691,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/awilco-drilling-plc-change-listing-063000905.html,Awilco Drilling PLC: Change of listing and Notice for Extraordinary General Meeting,"After the sale of the WilHunter and the WilPhoenix  the operations of Awilco Drilling PLC (the ""Company"") consist only of the arbitration proceedings against...","Awilco Drilling PlcAfter the sale of the WilHunter and the WilPhoenix  the operations of Awilco Drilling PLC (the ""Company"") consist only of the arbitration proceedings against Keppel FELS. In light of this  the board of directors has concluded that the listing of the Company's shares should be transferred from the Main List of the Oslo Stock Exchange to Euronext Growth Oslo. Accordingly  Awilco Drilling has today initiated a process towards an admission of its shares to trading on Euronext Growth Oslo. The transfer of the listing is expected to be completed during December 2022. At the same time  Awilco Drilling convenes an extraordinary general meeting to authorize an application for a de-listing from the Main List of the Oslo Stock Exchange. The extraordinary general meeting will be held on 8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon (UK time). Notice for the extraordinary general meeting is hereby attached. Given the changes in the nature of the Company's operations  a new article in the Company’s Articles of Association is proposed that gives the Board authority to change the Company’s name if and when deemed appropriate. To give the Company flexibility to finance the arbitration proceedings against Keppel FELS  the board of directors also ask the general meeting to approve a consolidation of the existing shares  where every 100 ordinary shares of £0.0065 each in the capital of the Company will be consolidated into one ordinary share of £0.65  as well as an authorisation to increase the Company's share capital by GBP 7 000 000  which will permit the issuance of up to 10 769 231 new shares after the consolidation.Aberdeen  23 November 2022For further information please contact:Eric Jacobs  CEOPhone: +44 1224 737900Cathrine Haavind  Investor RelationsPhone: +47 93 42 84 64Email: ch@awilcodrilling.comThis information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Awilco Drilling PLC', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Change', 'listing', 'Notice', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Awilco Drilling Plc', 'one ordinary share', '100 ordinary shares', 'arbitration proceedings', 'Keppel FELS', 'Main List', 'same time', 'UK time', 'new article', 'share capital', 'Eric Jacobs', 'Cathrine Haavind', 'Investor Relations', 'disclosure requirements', 'existing shares', '10,769,231 new shares', 'Company flexibility', 'sale', 'WilHunter', 'WilPhoenix', 'operations', 'light', 'board', 'directors', 'listing', 'process', 'transfer', 'December', 'application', '12:00 noon', 'Notice', 'changes', 'nature', 'Articles', 'Association', 'authority', 'name', 'consolidation', 'authorisation', 'GBP', 'issuance', 'Aberdeen', '23 November', 'information', 'CEO', 'Phone', 'Email', 'section', 'Attachment']",2022-11-23,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13692,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221123005525/en/Teleperformance-Enters-Into-Discussion-With-UNI-Global-Union,Teleperformance Enters Into Discussion With UNI Global Union,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that it has entered into discussions with UNI Global Union  a global…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that it has entered into discussions with UNI Global Union  a global union federation representing services workers in 150 countries.Both parties are currently working diligently with the aim to come rapidly to a global mutual agreement on labour rights. The targeted agreement would shape a global framework outlining the relationship between Teleperformance and UNI Global Union.************************About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['UNI Global Union', 'Teleperformance', 'Discussion', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'One Office support services model', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'citizen experience management', 'deferred settlement service', 'related digital services', 'UNI Global Union', 'global union federation', 'optimized business processes', 'global mutual agreement', 'successful customer interaction', 'Euronext Paris market', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'services workers', 'global leader', 'global framework', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'targeted agreement', 'outsourced customer', 'Regulatory News', 'labour rights', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer” process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Teleperformance shares', 'TEP FP', 'discussions', '150 countries', 'parties', 'aim', 'relationship', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', '420,000 employees', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13693,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-wins-multi-extension-dedicated-063000471.html,CGG Wins Multi-Year Extension of Dedicated Imaging Center for Brunei Shell Petroleum,Paris  France – November 24  2022 CGG has been awarded a multi-year contract extension by Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn Bhd (BSP) to continue operating ...,CGGParis  France – November 24  2022CGG has been awarded a multi-year contract extension by Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn Bhd (BSP) to continue operating a dedicated seismic imaging center at its head office in Seria  Brunei.Peter Whiting  EVP  Geoscience  CGG  said: “This renewal of our dedicated center contract builds on six years of technical excellence and demonstrates the trust BSP has in our imaging team and high-end technology. We look forward to strengthening our close collaboration with BSP to support its future business success.”In the past six years  CGG has successfully delivered land  marine  transition zone  OBC and high-density OBN seismic imaging results at the BSP center. The in-house team will continue to apply their latest proprietary technologies  such as Time-lag FWI  Q-FWI  least-squares migration and shallow imaging  to address the specific regional challenges posed by the presence of widely distributed shallow gas clouds  channels  gas-charged silts  and complex fault structures around the discovered fields.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Dedicated Imaging Center', 'Brunei Shell Petroleum', 'Multi-Year Extension', 'CGG', 'Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn Bhd', 'high-density OBN seismic imaging results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'dedicated seismic imaging center', 'dedicated center contract', 'complex fault structures', 'multi-year contract extension', 'latest proprietary technologies', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'future business success', 'specific regional challenges', 'shallow gas clouds', 'past six years', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'shallow imaging', 'imaging team', 'transition zone', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'BSP center', 'head office', 'Peter Whiting', 'technical excellence', 'high-end technology', 'close collaboration', 'house team', 'Time-lag FWI', 'squares migration', 'gas-charged silts', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'Investor Relations', 'data science', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'November', 'Seria', 'EVP', 'Geoscience', 'renewal', 'trust', 'land', 'marine', 'OBC', 'Q-FWI', 'presence', 'channels', 'fields', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,300 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13694,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221124005293/en/Eutelsat-Appoints-Christophe-Caudrelier-as-Chief-Financial-Officer,Eutelsat Appoints Christophe Caudrelier as Chief Financial Officer,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) (Paris:ETL) today announced the appointment of Christophe Caudrelier as Chief Financial Officer  effective at the latest on 2nd January 2023. Christophe Caudrelier brings a…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) (Paris:ETL) today announced the appointment of Christophe Caudrelier as Chief Financial Officer  effective at the latest on 2nd January 2023.Christophe Caudrelier brings a wealth of experience as CFO from his 30-year career in global industries where operational excellence and long-term investments are key to successfully addressing the evolving customer expectations. His appointment follows the announcement by Sandrine Téran that she is stepping down as Chief Financial Officer to move on to other professional projects.“I am happy to welcome Christophe to the Eutelsat team. I believe that Christophe’s experience in strongly business-oriented finance and his international background will be valuable assets for Eutelsat”  Eutelsat's Chief Executive Officer Eva Berneke explained.Christophe Caudrelier added: “I am very pleased and proud to join Eutelsat as Chief Financial Officer. I look forward to contributing to the future of Eutelsat’s Video and Connectivity businesses and to its ambitious strategic roadmap as part of the telecom pivot.”Christophe joins Eutelsat from Tikehau Ace Capital Partners where he served as Operating Partner - Finance. Tikehau Ace Capital Partners  a subsidiary of Tikehau Capital  is a private equity firm specialised in strategic industries and technologies with more than 1 billion euros in assets under management with a vertical approach to strategic industries and technologies (e.g. aerospace  defence  cybersecurity).Before joining Tikehau Ace Capital  Christophe  who started his career as an external auditor with Arthur Andersen  spent 17 years at Valeo where he held various positions in the US  Turkey  and the UK  including CFO of the Powertrain Systems Business Group before joining Naval Group as Group CFO in 2011. In 2015  he was appointed as CFO of the Bénéteau Group  and later COO in charge of finance and operational excellence. Christophe is a graduate of the Ecole Supérieure des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (ESCP) Europe.About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer', 'Christophe Caudrelier', 'Eutelsat', 'Bénéteau Group', 'Tikehau Ace Capital Partners', 'Powertrain Systems Business Group', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'evolving customer expectations', 'Sandrine Téran', 'other professional projects', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'private equity firm', 'Ecole Supérieure', 'Hautes Etudes Commerciales', 'leading satellite operators', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'leading media groups', 'uncluttered space environment', 'one billion viewers', 'ambitious strategic roadmap', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Naval Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business activities', '1 billion euros', 'strategic industries', 'Group CFO', 'Regulatory News', '2nd January', 'global industries', 'operational excellence', 'long-term investments', 'international background', 'Eva Berneke', 'Connectivity businesses', 'telecom pivot', 'Operating Partner', 'vertical approach', 'external auditor', 'Arthur Andersen', 'various positions', 'global fleet', 'ground infrastructure', '7,000 television channels', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'sustainable development', 'orbit resources', 'digital divide', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', '30-year career', 'valuable assets', 'Christophe Caudrelier', 'Euronext Paris', 'business-oriented finance', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Eutelsat team', 'ETL', 'appointment', 'wealth', 'experience', 'announcement', 'future', 'Video', 'subsidiary', 'technologies', 'management', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'cybersecurity', '17 years', 'Valeo', 'Turkey', 'UK', 'COO', 'charge', 'graduate', 'ESCP', 'Europe', 'world', 'satellites', 'associated', 'clients', 'Data', 'Government', 'Fixed', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'safe', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', 'service']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13695,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/renault-group-accelerating-decarbonisation-plan-070000326.html,Renault Group is accelerating the decarbonisation plan for its plants in France and innovating with new partners: Voltalia  ENGIE  and Dalkia,Renault Group is accelerating the decarbonisation plan for its plants in France and innovating with new partners: Voltalia  ENGIE  and Dalkia. Renault Group ...,"RENAULTRenault Group is accelerating the decarbonisation plan for its plants in France and innovating with new partners: Voltalia  ENGIE  and Dalkia.Renault Group announces three major partnerships with energy players ;With Voltalia   the largest green electricity supply contract in France to cover up to 50% of the electricity consumption of its production activities in 2027 through the installation of photovoltaic panels ;with the ENGIE group  a first-of-its-kind deep geothermal project in Europe that would replace 70% of the gas needs of the Douai plant by 2025;With Dalkia   EDF Group   a partnership to install a biomass boiler to replace 65% of the gas consumption at its Maubeuge plant;These three strategic partnerships constitute a new step in the Global Climate Plan and will make it possible to achieve net zero carbon for the plants of the ElectriCity cluster in France in 2025  in Europe in 2030 and worldwide in 2050.Boulogne-Billancourt  November 24  2022 – As part of its Renaulution strategy  Renault Group today announces an acceleration of the decarbonization plan for its industrial sites with three strategic and unprecedented partnerships to achieve its energy transition objectives. This new stage is materializing today with Voltalia for the largest green electricity supply contract in France – for the French factories of the Group; with ENGIE for the first deep geothermal project on a European industrial site  in Douai; with Dalkia  EDF Group  for the installation of a biomass boiler  in Maubeuge.Committed to the energy transition for more than 10 years and reaffirmed in the Climate Plan in April 2021  the Group confirms its commitments to achieve net zero carbon at its ElectriCity plants in Hauts-de-France by 2025  in Europe by 2030 and worldwide by 2050. The Group is drawing up a large-scale concrete plan to accelerate industrial decarbonization via photovoltaics  geothermal energy and biomass  among other initiatives.Story continuesLuca de Meo  CEO of Renault Group  said: ""Today we are taking a strategic step towards achieving carbon neutrality in our plants. Thanks to this partnership signed with Voltalia  ElectriCity will become the Group's first production hub to be supplied with carbon-free and competitive electricity. And we don't stop there! We are already working on the next step of our plan and are working towards carbon-free heat to power our factories. In Douai  we are proud to launch with ENGIE one of the most ambitious decarbonisation projects on a European industrial site: the installation of deep geothermal energy. Finally  we are very pleased to partner with Dalkia to launch a biomass boiler project at the Maubeuge plant. We take responsibility  as a leading car manufacturer  to innovate and reduce the carbon footprint of our plants.""Renault Group and Voltalia sign the largest green electricity supply contract in France.Renault Group and Voltalia sign France's largest long-term renewable electricity supply agreement (Corporate Power Purchasing Agreement) for a capacity of 350 megawatts representing the production of approximately 500 gigawatt hours per year by 2027. With a duration of 15 years  it is an unprecedented commitment in France terms of power. This long-term agreement will enable Renault Group to cover up to 50% of the electricity consumption of the manufacturer's production activities in France in 2027.Voltalia will install photovoltaic panels on French territory for a capacity of 100 megawatts from 2025. The capacity made available to Renault by Voltalia will increase steadily over the following years  reaching a total of 350 megawatts in 2027. This agreement will cover Cléon's electric activities as well as all the sustainable electricity needs of the ElectriCity cluster  the largest and most competitive electric vehicle production centre in Europe whose ambition is to produce 500 000 vehicles per year by 2025.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  said: ""Voltalia is proud to be a privileged partner of this new stage of Renault Group's Climate Plan and to actively contribute to its objective of net zero carbon for the plants in the ElectriCity cluster. Providing renewable  carbon-free and competitive electricity to reduce CO2 emissions is Voltalia's daily mission. This major partnership delights us and illustrates our ability to be a key player in green electricity solutions in France.""Renault Group and ENGIE are developing a deep geothermal energy project at the Douai plant  an unprecedented project in Europe.This large-scale project is integrated as part of a Heat Purchase Agreement (HPA) with the aim of supplying the plant with carbon-free heat  replacing 70% of its gas needs from local and renewable sources. The partnership would span 15 years. Renault Group will thus strengthen its leading position in the decarbonisation of its industrial sites through this commitment.At the end of 2023  ENGIE  through its subsidiary ENGIE Solutions  will begin drilling work at the Douai plant to draw hot water (130-140°C) at a depth of 4 000 metres to capture the calories needed for the plant's industrial and heating process needs from 2025. The geothermal water will then be returned to its natural environment. Once implemented  this geothermal technology would provide a power of nearly 40 MW continuously. In summer  when the need for heat is lower  geothermal energy could be used to produce carbon-free electricity.Cécile Prévieu  Executive Vice President in charge of Energy Solutions  said: ""We are proud to be one of the partners that Renault has trusted to decarbonise its activities. The technological expertise represented by this geothermal solution applied to a large industrial site demonstrates our know-how and our ability to innovate to support our customers in their energy transition. We provide virtuous  resilient solutions that guarantee the highest operational performance.""Renault Group and Dalkia  EDF Group  join forces to supply carbon-free heat to the Maubeuge plant.Renault Group and Dalkia  an EDF Group subsidiary specialising in renewable energies  have signed a 15-year partnership to supply carbon-free heat to the Maubeuge Renault plant through the installation of a biomass boiler and waste heat recovery systems on site. With a capacity of 15 MW  these boilers should enable the plant to cover 65% of its gas needs from local and renewable sources by 2025.Sylvie Jéhanno  CEO of Dalkia  said: ""I would like to thank Renault Group for placing its trust in us. The decarbonisation of industry is at the heart of our activities and our teams are very committed to making this biomass heating plant project at the Maubeuge plant a benchmark for the region's energy transition!""----The decarbonization plan concerns all Renault Group sites on the four continents where the Group operates. To avoid the use of fossil fuels  and to make this transition to renewable energy  Renault Group is surrounded by a network of partners to deploy its decarbonization strategy around the world.To go further on Renault Group's Climate Plan****About Renault GroupRenault Group is at the forefront of mobility that is reinventing itself. With its alliance with Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors  and its unique expertise in electrification  Renault Group relies on the complementarity of its 4 brands – Renault – Dacia – Alpine and Mobilize – and offers sustainable and innovative mobility solutions to its customers. Present in more than 130 countries  the Group sold 2.7 million vehicles in 2021. It brings together nearly 111 000 employees who embody its raison d'être on a daily basis  so that mobility brings us closer to each other. Ready to take on challenges on the road as well as in competition  the Group is committed to an ambitious and value-generating transformation. It is focused on the development of new technologies and services  a new range of vehicles that is even more competitive  balanced and electrified. In line with environmental challenges  Renault Group aims to achieve carbon neutrality in Europe by 2040. https://www.renaultgroup.com/About VoltaliaVoltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has an operating and construction capacity of more than 2.4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its customers in renewable energy during all stages of projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia finally offers a global offer to companies ranging from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services  including the local production of its own electricity.With 1 450 employees in 20 countries on 4 continents  Voltalia has a global capacity for action for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included in the Gaia-Index  the index of responsible average values.About ENGIEENGIE is a global reference in low-carbon energy and services. Together with our 101 500 employees  our customers  partners and stakeholders  we are committed to accelerate the transition towards a carbon-neutral world  through reduced energy consumption and more environmentally-friendly solutions. Inspired by our purpose (“raison d’être”)  we reconcile economic performance with a positive impact on people and the planet  building on our key businesses (gas  renewable energy  services) to offer competitive solutions to our customers. Turnover in 2021: 57.9 billion Euros. The Group is listed on the Paris and Brussels stock exchanges (ENGI) and is represented in the main financial indices (CAC 40  Euronext 100  FTSE Eurotop 100  MSCI Europe) and non-financial indices (DJSI World  DJSI Europe  Euronext Vigeo Eiris - Eurozone 120/ Europe 120/ France 20  MSCI EMU ESG screened  MSCI EUROPE ESG Universal Select  Stoxx Europe 600 ESG  and Stoxx Global 1800 ESG).Dalkia: together  let's take up the climate challenge!For 85 years  Dalkia  a subsidiary of the EDF Group and leader in energy services  has been investing in and developing renewable and recovery energies and supporting its customers over the long term to help them save energy and reduce their CO 2 emissions. Nearly 20 000 employees throughout France and abroad maintain and operate the facilities of industrial sites  tertiary buildings  communities  health facilities and housing  with innovative and efficient solutions to accelerate the decarbonization of sites and territories.Find our solutions on our eco-responsible website www.dalkia.frPress ContactsRenault Group:Juliette Faucon | juliette.faucon@renault.com | +33 7 89 27 09 92Voltalia:Investor Relations:Loan Duong |invest@voltalia.com | +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00Press Relations:Jennifer Jullia| jjullia@actifin.fr | +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11ENGIE:ENGIE Group | engiepress@engie.com | +33 (0)1 44 22 24 35Dalkia:Elisabeth Lebout | elisabeth.lebout@dalkia.fr | +33 6 11 01 27 36Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.9,0.07,0.03,True,English,"['Renault Group', 'decarbonisation plan', 'new partners', 'plants', 'France', 'Voltalia', 'ENGIE', 'Dalkia', 'largest long-term renewable electricity supply agreement', 'largest green electricity supply contract', 'competitive electric vehicle production centre', 'kind deep geothermal project', 'first deep geothermal project', 'Corporate Power Purchasing Agreement', 'deep geothermal energy project', 'green electricity solutions', 'first production hub', 'Luca de Meo', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'net zero carbon', 'Heat Purchase Agreement', 'European industrial site', 'sustainable electricity needs', 'energy transition objectives', 'ambitious decarbonisation projects', 'three major partnerships', 'three strategic partnerships', 'large-scale concrete plan', 'biomass boiler project', 'leading car manufacturer', 'Global Climate Plan', 'long-term agreement', 'competitive electricity', 'large-scale project', 'electric activities', 'renewable sources', 'unprecedented project', 'renewable, carbon-free', 'electricity consumption', 'ElectriCity cluster', 'energy players', 'unprecedented partnerships', 'production activities', 'carbon neutrality', 'carbon footprint', 'leading position', 'industrial sites', 'industrial decarbonization', 'gas needs', 'strategic step', 'decarbonisation plan', 'decarbonization plan', 'ElectriCity plants', 'carbon-free heat', 'new partners', 'photovoltaic panels', 'gas consumption', 'new step', 'Renaulution strategy', 'new stage', 'other initiatives', 'next step', '500 gigawatt hours', 'French territory', 'Cléon', 'privileged partner', 'CO2 emissions', 'daily mission', 'key player', 'hot water', 'EDF Group', 'The Group', 'ENGIE Solutions', 'Renault Group', 'Maubeuge plant', 'French factories', 'unprecedented commitment', 'Douai plant', 'following years', 'ENGIE group', '10 years', '15 years', 'France', 'Voltalia', 'Dalkia', 'installation', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'acceleration', 'April', 'commitments', 'photovoltaics', 'Story', 'CEO', 'responsibility', 'capacity', '350 megawatts', 'duration', 'terms', '100 megawatts', 'total', 'ambition', '500,000 vehicles', 'ability', 'HPA', 'aim', 'local', 'end', 'subsidiary', 'drilling', 'work', '140°C', 'depth', '4,000 metres', '2027', '2025']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13696,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-azerion-acquires-adplay-strengthens-082700258.html,Correction: Azerion acquires AdPlay and strengthens Italian digital advertising foothold,Amsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together  the companies ...,Azerion Group NVAmsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together  the companies will provide advertisers with access to even larger audiences in Italy through exciting new formats and content like digital out of home and first look at highly relevant sports content. At the same time  publishing partners will benefit from the additional revenues and advertising formats Azerion will bring to them.Umut Akpinar  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “I am pleased to announce the acquisition of AdPlay and strengthen our advertising business in Italy. The AdPlay team is a perfect fit with our Azerion culture  and their local expertise and experience will add to our ability to help our Italian customers to get the results they need from their advertising budgets. I am also very excited to welcome AdPlay’s Italian partners to the Azerion platform and grow our business together with them as well as extending our connected TV and digital out of home reach in the local market.”Azerion will integrate AdPlay’s digital cross-media solutions and campaign performance management  adding to its robust current offering in these areas. AdPlay exclusively represents some of the most relevant Italian publishers and has been pioneering the digital out of home market in Italy. Through this acquisition  Azerion will strengthen its position in Italy and increase its relevance as a partner that delivers easy  impactful and affordable access to large and diverse audiences through highly engaging content.Additionally  AdPlay recently launched Veedly  a dedicated solution focused on the distribution of on-demand multimedia content from the world of sports. Veedly is already cooperating with various sports leagues.The aggregated consideration is a combination of cash and shares. In total  580 470 treasury shares were transferred to the selling shareholder. The transaction is effective as of 11th November 2022. AdPlay generated approximately €12 million gross revenue in 2021.Story continuesThis announcement follows various previous acquisitions in 2022  as Azerion continues to execute on its growth strategy. So far this year  Azerion has acquired an estimated annualised revenue in the range of €100 million to €125 million for a total aggregated consideration (combination of cash and shares) in the range of €90 million to €100 million.- ENDS -About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com.About AdPlayAdPlay is a tech media company focused on the development of proprietary solutions for Publishers and Brand advertisers. AdPlay Media Holding is a strategic partner for the implementation of digital transformation and innovation plans  through its owned technologies and tailored consulting services.ContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.com,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.78,0.17,0.06,True,English,"['Italian digital advertising foothold', 'Correction', 'Azerion', 'AdPlay', 'Italian based digital advertising platform', 'campaign performance management', 'robust current offering', 'campaign management teams', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'tailored consulting services', 'exciting new formats', '€12 million gross revenue', 'various previous acquisitions', 'various sports leagues', 'relevant Italian publishers', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'digital cross-media solutions', 'The AdPlay team', 'relevant sports content', 'Azerion Group NV', 'total aggregated consideration', 'AdPlay Media Holding', 'advertising formats', 'Italian customers', 'Italian partners', 'media platform', 'integrated platform', 'advertising budgets', 'annualised revenue', 'entertainment content', 'strategic acquisitions', 'digital publishers', 'proprietary solutions', 'digital transformation', 'advertising business', 'larger audiences', 'first look', 'same time', 'publishing partners', 'additional revenues', 'Umut Akpinar', 'perfect fit', 'local expertise', 'connected TV', 'local market', 'easy, impactful', 'diverse audiences', 'engaging content', 'dedicated solution', 'multimedia content', 'selling shareholder', '11th November', 'growth strategy', 'game creators', 'technology solutions', 'media buyers', 'market sales', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'organic growth', 'innovation plans', 'Investor Relations', 'Azerion platform', 'home reach', 'home market', 'content-driven, technology', 'data company', 'media company', 'affordable access', 'strategic partner', '580,470 treasury shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Brand advertisers', 'Azerion culture', 'companies', 'Italy', 'CEO', 'experience', 'ability', 'results', 'areas', 'position', 'relevance', 'highly', 'Veedly', 'distribution', 'demand', 'world', 'combination', 'cash', 'transaction', 'Story', 'announcement', 'range', 'ENDS', 'consumers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'engagement', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'information', 'development', 'implementation', 'owned', 'technologies', 'Contact', '24']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/azerion-acquires-adplay-strengthens-italian-063000603.html,Azerion acquires AdPlay and strengthens Italian digital advertising foothold,Amsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together  the companies ...,Azerion Group NVAmsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together  the companies will provide advertisers with access to even larger audiences in Italy through exciting new formats and content like digital out of home and first look at highly relevant sports content. At the same time  publishing partners will benefit from the additional revenues and advertising formats Azerion will bring to them.Umut Akpinar  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “I am pleased to announce the acquisition of AdPlay and strengthen our advertising business in Italy. The AdPlay team is a perfect fit with our Azerion culture  and their local expertise and experience will add to our ability to help our Italian customers to get the results they need from their advertising budgets. I am also very excited to welcome AdPlay’s Italian partners to the Azerion platform and grow our business together with them as well as extending our connected TV and digital out of home reach in the local market.”Azerion will integrate AdPlay’s digital cross-media solutions and campaign performance management  adding to its robust current offering in these areas. AdPlay exclusively represents some of the most relevant Italian publishers and has been pioneering the digital out of home market in Italy. Through this acquisition  Azerion will strengthen its position in Italy and increase its relevance as a partner that delivers easy  impactful and affordable access to large and diverse audiences through highly engaging content.Additionally  AdPlay recently launched Veedly  a dedicated solution focused on the distribution of on-demand multimedia content from the world of sports. Veedly is currently collaborating with the official digital channels of Lega Serie A  allowing for content distribution of various kinds  including highlights of all the Serie A TIM matches  and Coppa Italia Frecciarossa for the next two sports seasons.Story continuesThe aggregated consideration is a combination of cash and shares. In total  580 470 treasury shares were transferred to the selling shareholder. The transaction is effective as of 11th November 2022. AdPlay generated approximately €12 million gross revenue in 2021.This announcement follows various previous acquisitions in 2022  as Azerion continues to execute on its growth strategy. So far this year  Azerion has acquired an estimated annualised revenue in the range of €100 million to €125 million for a total aggregated consideration (combination of cash and shares) in the range of €90 million to €100 million.- ENDS -About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com.About AdPlayAdPlay is a tech media company focused on the development of proprietary solutions for Publishers and Brand advertisers. AdPlay Media Holding is a strategic partner for the implementation of digital transformation and innovation plans  through its owned technologies and tailored consulting services.ContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.com,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.15,0.1,True,English,"['Italian digital advertising foothold', 'Azerion', 'AdPlay', 'Italian based digital advertising platform', 'Serie A TIM matches', 'next two sports seasons', 'Lega Serie A', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'campaign performance management', 'robust current offering', 'Coppa Italia Frecciarossa', 'campaign management teams', 'tailored consulting services', 'exciting new formats', '€12 million gross revenue', 'official digital channels', 'relevant Italian publishers', 'various previous acquisitions', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'digital cross-media solutions', 'relevant sports content', 'The AdPlay team', 'Azerion Group NV', 'total aggregated consideration', 'AdPlay Media Holding', 'advertising formats', 'Italian customers', 'Italian partners', 'media platform', 'integrated platform', 'advertising budgets', 'various kinds', 'annualised revenue', 'entertainment content', 'strategic acquisitions', 'digital publishers', 'digital transformation', 'proprietary solutions', 'advertising business', 'larger audiences', 'first look', 'same time', 'publishing partners', 'additional revenues', 'Umut Akpinar', 'perfect fit', 'local expertise', 'connected TV', 'local market', 'easy, impactful', 'diverse audiences', 'engaging content', 'dedicated solution', 'multimedia content', 'selling shareholder', '11th November', 'growth strategy', 'game creators', 'technology solutions', 'media buyers', 'market sales', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'organic growth', 'innovation plans', 'Investor Relations', 'Azerion platform', 'home reach', 'home market', 'content-driven, technology', 'data company', 'media company', 'affordable access', 'content distribution', 'strategic partner', '580,470 treasury shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Brand advertisers', 'Azerion culture', 'companies', 'Italy', 'CEO', 'experience', 'ability', 'results', 'areas', 'position', 'relevance', 'Veedly', 'demand', 'world', 'highlights', 'Story', 'combination', 'cash', 'transaction', 'announcement', 'range', 'ENDS', 'consumers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'engagement', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'information', 'development', 'implementation', 'owned', 'technologies', 'Contact', '24']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562043/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-November-17-November-23-2022.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 17 – November 23  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 17 – November 23  2022        November 24  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider...,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 17 – November 23  2022November 24  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 315 046 of its own ordinary shares in the period from November 17  2022  up to and including November 23  2022  for €32.4 million and at an average share price of €102.98.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2022  as announced on August 3  2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 8 708 667 853.4 97.99For the period starting November 3  2022  up to and including December 28  2022  we have mandated a third party to execute €244 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'November', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share buybacks', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'November', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'August', 'date', 'December', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13699,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000101.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7198 £ 24.3360 Estimated MTD return -1.40 % -1.31 % Estimated YTD return -5.07 % -3.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.20 % 143.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.82 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.2158 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.8115The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13700,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000424.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7198 £ 24.3360 Estimated MTD return -1.40 % -1.31 % Estimated YTD return -5.07 % -3.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.20 % 143.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.82 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.2158 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.8115The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13701,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562016/0/en/Voltalia-signs-a-350-megawatt-solar-power-supply-contract-with-Renault-Group-to-support-its-energy-transition.html,Voltalia signs a 350 megawatt solar power supply contract with Renault Group to support its energy transition,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  has announced the signature with Renault Group of the largest renewable electricity supply contract (Corporate PPA1) ever signed in France.,"English FrenchVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  has announced the signature with Renault Group of the largest renewable electricity supply contract (Corporate PPA1) ever signed in France.The contract covers a total capacity of 350 megawatts  representing the production of approximately 500 gigawatt hours per year. With a duration of 15 years  this is an unprecedented commitment in France in terms of power.Committed to the energy transition for more than 10 years  Renault Group has announced its intention to accelerate the decarbonisation of its plants in France. The agreement with Voltalia will enable Renault Group to cover up to 50% of the electricity consumption of the manufacturer's production activities in France in 2027  including the electricity consumption of Cléon  as well as all the sustainable electricity needs of the ElectriCity hub  Europe's largest and most competitive electric vehicle production centre  whose ambition is to produce 500 000 vehicles per year by 2025. With its Renaulution strategic plan  Renault Group confirms its commitment to achieving net zero carbon emissions from its ElectriCity hub plants in France by 2025  in Europe by 2030 and worldwide by 2050.Voltalia will install 100 megawatts of photovoltaic panels at its sites in France starting in 2025. The capacity made available to Renault by Voltalia will increase steadily over the following years  reaching a total of 350 megawatts by 2027.""Voltalia is proud to be a privileged partner in this new phase of Renault Group's Climate Plan and to actively contribute to its goal of net zero carbon for the plants of the ElectriCity hub. Voltalia's daily mission is to provide renewable  low-carbon and competitive electricity to reduce CO 2 emissions. We are delighted with this major partnership and it illustrates our ability to be a key player in green electricity solutions in France "" said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next on the agenda: Revenues Q4 2022  on January 25  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 450 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Loris DaougabelEmail: ldaougabel@actifin.fr T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement  a long-term contract for the supply of renewable electricity that directly links the producer  a power plant  to the final consumer of the electricity  a company.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['350 megawatt solar power supply contract', 'Renault Group', 'energy transition', 'Voltalia', 'competitive electric vehicle production centre', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'largest renewable electricity supply contract', '1 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'Renaulution strategic plan', 'sustainable electricity needs', 'green electricity solutions', 'renewable energy projects', 'ElectriCity hub plants', 'competitive electricity', 'CO 2 emissions', 'renewable energies', 'renewable, low-carbon', 'energy transition', 'Corporate PPA', 'long-term contract', 'production activities', 'Climate Plan', 'local production', 'power plant', 'corporate market', 'electricity consumption', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', '500 gigawatt hours', 'Cléon', 'photovoltaic panels', 'privileged partner', 'new phase', 'daily mission', 'major partnership', 'key player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'final consumer', 'Renault Group', 'generating capacity', 'regulated market', 'unprecedented commitment', 'investor clients', 'total capacity', 'following years', '15 years', '10 years', 'Voltalia', 'signature', 'France', '350 megawatts', 'duration', 'terms', 'intention', 'decarbonisation', 'manufacturer', 'Europe', 'ambition', '500,000 vehicles', '100 megawatts', 'sites', 'goal', 'ability', 'CEO', 'agenda', 'Revenues', 'January', 'operation', 'construction', '2.4 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', '1,450 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'producer', 'company', 'Attachment', '2025', '2027', '1 56']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13702,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finbold.com/e780-billion-outflows-europes-largest-stock-exchange-in-2022-as-financial-markets-bleed/,€780 billion outflows Europe’s largest stock exchange in 2022 as financial markets bleed,The stock market continues to operate in an environment of high uncertainty  with most economies struggling to remain afloat amid … ContinuedThe post €780 billion outflows Europe’s largest stock exchange in 2022 as financial markets bleed appeared first on F…,The stock market continues to operate in an environment of high uncertainty  with most economies struggling to remain afloat amid soaring inflation and a subsequent slowdown in consumer spending. Consequently  entities like Euronext paint a picture of sustained capital outflow as investors remain skeptical about the general economic outlook.In particular  data acquired by Finbold indicates that as of October 2022  Europe’s largest stock exchange Euronext had lost €780 billion in capital this year at €4.87 trillion. The value represents a drop of 13.8% from the €5.65 trillion market cap recorded in 2021  the highest valuation in the last eight years. Notably  last year’s valuation represented an increase of 28.12% from 2020’s figure of €4.41 trillion.Elsewhere  LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton remains the highest-valued company on Euronext  with a market cap of €321.58 billion as of October 2022. Merck and Co rank second at €237.24 billion  followed by oil giant Shell at €200.64 billion. ASML Holding ranks fourth with a market cap of €194.29 billion  while Caterpillar occupies the fifth spot at €176.02 billion.Triggers of Euronext capital outflowThe capital outflow from Euronext can be attributed to the prevailing economic uncertainty characterized by extended geopolitical tensions and stock market volatility alongside skyrocketing inflation and the threat of interest rate hikes. In this line  the factors have led to a fear of recession  with investors staying on the sidelines waiting for possible changes.Notably  the ongoing uncertainty partly triggered panic outflows of capital from the exchange at a period consumer spending appears depressed amid rising living costs  energy prices  and unemployment. At the same time  investors have become more sensitive to risk investment  hence reducing their stake in stocks.Indeed  Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah had warned that the resulting market volatility means investors should be ready for a bumpy ride.In general  Europe’s economy has struggled post-pandemic  associated with a cocktail of risks that threatens to reverse growth  with the stock market standing in line to face the adverse impact. Besides inflation  the region is grappling with an energy crisis uncertainty alongside the effects of climate change.It is worth noting that exchange has also been impacted by the decision taken by specific jurisdictions in a bid to contain the economy’s free fall. For instance  most European stocks are still recovering from the negative impact following a previous plan by the Bank of England to buy long-dated bonds to calm the market chaos temporarily.IPO activity remains lowFurthermore  companies have been hit with liquidity concerns as they seek to raise funds. However  a majority have been held back by investors’ reduced appetite to take on equity risks.Interestingly  the slump in Euronext’s valuation can also be linked to reduced activity around initial public offerings (IPO). Notably  across 2021  part of the exchange’s record market cap could be attributed to the roaring IPO activity after the downturn in 2020.At the same time  the exchange has also failed to attract the frenzy around the Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPAC). This comes as European regulators warned that the approach is associated with risks of dilution  conflicts of interest  and uncertainty.It’s worth noting that our previous report indicated that among leading global exchanges  Euronext only added three companies this year as of September 2022.Overall  most companies planning to go public this year have taken a step back to evaluate the markets and find ways of adapting to the existing conditions.On the other hand  Euronext is also faced with a series of delistings as the bear market takes shape  with companies looking for means to save costs in line with tackling the current economic turmoil. For instance  oil drilling firm Tullow Oil alongside Holcim is among the high-profile entities to announce their exit.The future of European stocksDespite the loss of capital  analysts have maintained the European stock market is likely to rally in the coming months. Notably  dropping valuation on platforms like the Euronext exchange is making the stocks look attractive with the potential to attract new investors. However  the recovery will depend on how economies exits its current state.Like other global economies  Europe will also be monitoring happenings in the Asian market with a specific focus on China. There are widespread fears the country’s new coronavirus policies could trigger an economic reversal.,neutral,0.0,0.93,0.06,mixed,0.05,0.08,0.87,True,English,"['largest stock exchange', '€780 billion outflows', 'financial markets', 'Europe', 'LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Companies', 'Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'last eight years', 'extended geopolitical tensions', 'initial public offerings', 'leading global exchanges', 'general economic outlook', 'oil giant Shell', 'oil drilling firm', 'new coronavirus policies', 'resulting market volatility', 'current economic turmoil', 'stock market volatility', 'interest rate hikes', 'period consumer spending', 'rising living costs', 'prevailing economic uncertainty', '€5.65 trillion market cap', 'record market cap', 'energy crisis uncertainty', 'European stock market', 'sustained capital outflow', 'other global economies', 'roaring IPO activity', 'largest stock exchange', 'investors’ reduced appetite', 'most European stocks', 'Euronext capital outflow', 'reduced activity', 'economic reversal', 'Tullow Oil', 'energy prices', 'European regulators', 'other hand', 'current state', 'market chaos', 'bear market', 'Asian market', 'most economies', 'most companies', 'high uncertainty', 'ongoing uncertainty', 'subsequent slowdown', 'highest valuation', 'ASML Holding', 'fifth spot', 'possible changes', 'panic outflows', 'same time', 'risk investment', 'bumpy ride', 'adverse impact', 'climate change', 'specific jurisdictions', 'free fall', 'negative impact', 'previous plan', 'long-dated bonds', 'liquidity concerns', 'previous report', 'three companies', 'existing conditions', 'coming months', 'new investors', 'specific focus', 'widespread fears', 'soaring inflation', 'skyrocketing inflation', 'high-profile entities', 'equity risks', 'Euronext exchange', 'environment', 'picture', 'data', 'Finbold', 'October', 'value', 'drop', 'increase', 'figure', 'company', 'Merck', 'Caterpillar', 'threat', 'line', 'factors', 'recession', 'unemployment', 'stake', 'economy', 'pandemic', 'cocktail', 'growth', 'region', 'effects', 'decision', 'bid', 'instance', 'Bank', 'England', 'funds', 'majority', 'slump', 'part', 'downturn', 'frenzy', 'SPAC', 'approach', 'dilution', 'conflicts', 'September', 'markets', 'ways', 'series', 'delistings', 'shape', 'means', 'Holcim', 'exit', 'future', 'loss', 'analysts', 'platforms', 'potential', 'recovery', 'happenings', 'China', 'country', '28.']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finbold.com
13703,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562213/0/en/VEON-enters-into-agreement-to-sell-its-Russian-operations.html,VEON enters into agreement to sell its Russian operations,Amsterdam  Netherlands  24 November 2022 13:25 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that following a competitive process  it has entered into …,Amsterdam  Netherlands  24 November 2022 13:25 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that following a competitive process  it has entered into an agreement to sell VEON’s Russian operations to certain senior members of the management team of PJSC VimpelCom (“VimpelCom”)  led by its current CEO Aleksander Torbakhov.The management buy-out of VimpelCom implies an expected enterprise value of approximately RUB 370 billion  representing an expected enterprise value / 2022E EBITDA multiple of 3.2x. On a standalone basis  for the twelve months ended 30 September 2022  VimpelCom generated revenue of RUB 339 billion and EBITDA of RUB 115 billion.Under the agreement  VEON will receive total consideration of RUB 130 billion (approximately USD 2.1 billion1). It is expected that the total consideration will be paid primarily by VimpelCom taking on and discharging certain VEON Holdings B.V. debt  thus significantly deleveraging VEON’s balance sheet. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions  including receipt of requisite regulatory approvals  licenses from relevant government authorities and any required consent from VEON creditors. The target completion date for the transaction is on or before 1 June 2023  with options on both sides for extensions in case any required regulatory license has not yet been received.“After considering numerous options  I am confident that the agreed sale of VEON’s Russian operations to the VimpelCom management team represents an optimal solution for VEON  its Russian operations and the stakeholders of both companies  including customers  shareholders and creditors  as well as employees both in and outside of Russia. VEON is committed to ensuring the transaction is seamless for staff and customers in Russia  with no disruption to the services currently provided ” said Kaan Terzioğlu  CEO of VEON Group. “This transaction will be equity accretive  result in significant deleveraging of VEON’s balance sheet and will enhance VEON’s credit profile.”As part of the transaction  ownership of VEON’s Kazakhstan operations will be transferred to VEON Holdings B.V. and certain inter-company loans will be extinguished. This will ensure that VEON will continue to consolidate its Kazakhstan operations  with VEON Holdings B.V. taking direct ownership of the Group’s 75% stake in Kar-Tel  which operates under the Beeline brand.The agreement also includes a customary provision that enables VEON to benefit from a potential subsequent event  including a sale of VimpelCom at a higher valuation  for a period of 30 months following closing  and provides for typical termination rights in favor of VEON in case of a change in control of the buyer entity (JSC Kopernik-Invest 3). The agreement is governed by Russian law and provides for international dispute resolution.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .About JSC Kopernik-Invest 3JSC Kopernik-Invest 3 is a special purpose acquisition vehicle formed for this transaction to act as buyer under the acquisition agreement  and is 100% indirectly owned by the members of VimpelCom senior management which are participating in the transaction.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the transactions referred to above will be successfully completed or that requisite approvals for these transactions will be received. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact informationVEONGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levinapr@veon.comGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com1 USD/RUB rate of 60.5043  source: Central Bank of Russia FX rate as of 24 November 2022,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Russian operations', 'VEON', 'agreement', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V. debt', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'special purpose acquisition vehicle', 'Group Director Investor Relations', 'VEON Group Communications Director', 'global digital operator', 'expected enterprise value', 'relevant government authorities', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'potential subsequent event', 'typical termination rights', 'international dispute resolution', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'target completion date', 'requisite regulatory approvals', 'customary closing conditions', 'VimpelCom management team', 'VimpelCom senior management', 'requisite approvals', 'regulatory license', 'customary provision', 'acquisition agreement', 'converged connectivity', 'competitive process', 'Russian operations', 'senior members', 'Aleksander Torbakhov', 'standalone basis', 'total consideration', 'balance sheet', 'optimal solution', 'equity accretive', 'significant deleveraging', 'credit profile', 'Kazakhstan operations', 'inter-company loans', 'Beeline brand', 'higher valuation', 'JSC Kopernik-Invest', 'Russian law', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'Nik Kershaw', 'online services', 'inside information', 'Contact information', 'PJSC VimpelCom', 'VEON Ltd', 'current CEO', '2022E EBITDA', 'twelve months', 'numerous options', 'direct ownership', 'buyer entity', 'unanticipated events', '200 million customers', 'press release', 'VEON creditors', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '30 months', 'Netherlands', 'NASDAQ', 'RUB', 'revenue', 'transaction', 'receipt', 'licenses', 'consent', '1 June', 'sides', 'extensions', 'case', 'sale', 'stakeholders', 'companies', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'staff', 'disruption', '75% stake', 'Kar-Tel', 'period', 'favor', 'control', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances', 'dates', 'assurance', 'Elements', '3.2']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13704,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-publishes-agenda-extraordinary-general-164500098.html,Aegon publishes agenda for Extraordinary General Meeting on January 17  2023,The Hague  November 24  2022 - Today  Aegon N.V. has published the Agenda and Shareholder Circular for its Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM...,Aegon N.V.The Hague  November 24  2022 - Today  Aegon N.V. has published the Agenda and Shareholder Circular for its Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM) on Tuesday  January 17  2023 at 14:00 CET.The purpose of the EGM is the proposal to approve the strategic decision to combine Aegon’s Dutch pension  life and non-life insurance  banking and mortgage origination operations with a.s.r. to create a leading player in the Dutch market  as announced on October 27  2022.In addition to shareholders’ approval the closing of this transaction is subject to customary conditions  including regulatory and antitrust approvals  and the completion of the works council consultation processes of both Aegon and a.s.r..The Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held at Aegon N.V.’s head office in The Hague  in a hybrid manner. This means that with respect to attending the EGM  shareholders have the choice to attend the EGM in person or virtually. Also  shareholders have the option to vote without attending the EGM. The terms of the Company’s policy regarding the hybrid meeting of shareholders will be applicable to the EGM.A live stream of the EGM will be available at Aegon’s corporate website.More information on how to attend and all documentation relating to the EGM can be found here.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Story continuesContacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 6 22 88 99 25 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.comjanwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.14,0.73,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Aegon', 'agenda', 'January', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'works council consultation processes', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'one global asset manager', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'leading global investor', 'public sector securities', 'mortgage origination operations', 'a.s.r.', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'geo-) political tensions', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Dutch pension, life', 'other “ESG” targets', 'Aegon N.V.', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'financial prospects', 'hybrid meeting', 'general economic', 'life insurance', 'leading player', 'Dutch market', 'social targets', 'emerging markets', 'other events', 'other instability', 'Shareholder Circular', 'strategic decision', 'customary conditions', 'antitrust approvals', 'head office', 'hybrid manner', 'live stream', 'corporate website', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'economic conditions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'governmental conditions', 'Civil unrest', 'military action', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'government exposure', 'The Hague', 'More information', 'resulting decline', 'Forward-looking statements', 'strategic focus', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'debt ratings', 'critical environmental', 'future performance', 'shareholders’ approval', 'company expectations', 'Agenda', 'EGM', 'Tuesday', 'January', '14:00 CET', 'purpose', 'proposal', 'banking', 'October', 'addition', 'closing', 'transaction', 'regulatory', 'completion', 'respect', 'choice', 'person', 'option', 'terms', 'policy', 'documentation', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'janwillem', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'regulations', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'creditworthiness', 'counterparties', 'Lowering']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13705,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562196/0/en/VEON-announces-launch-of-scheme-of-arrangement-to-extend-2023-Notes-maturities.html,VEON announces launch of scheme of arrangement to extend 2023 Notes maturities,Amsterdam  Netherlands  24 November 2022 13:30 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”) and VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity…,"Amsterdam  Netherlands  24 November 2022 13:30 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”) and VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announced the launch of a scheme of arrangement in England (the “Scheme”) via the issuance of a Practice Statement Letter to extend the maturity of the 5.95% notes due February 2023 and 7.25% notes due April 2023 issued by the Company (together  the “2023 Notes”) by eight months from their respective maturity dates.Rationale for the AmendmentsThe Scheme launched by the Company today proposes an eight-month extension to the respective maturity dates of the 2023 Notes  together with certain other amendments to the terms of the 2023 Notes and related trust deeds as further outlined in this announcement.The Scheme represents the culmination of six months of discussions between the Group and its advisers during which they have considered multiple different potential transaction structures. If the status quo were to continue  the options available to it would be significantly constrained by the current and evolving political situation  international sanctions laws and Russian regulations. In these circumstances  the Group has concluded that a short-term extension of the maturity of the 2023 Notes represents the best option available to the Group and its stakeholders  as it will provide the Group with additional time to pursue a number of strategic transactions.The Amendments will allow the Group time to conclude the agreed sale of its Russian subsidiary  PJSC VimpelCom (“VimpelCom”)  as announced separately earlier today ( https://www.veon.com/media/media-releases/2022/veon-ltd-press-release-24-11-2022/ ) (the “VimpelCom Disposal”)  which is expected to be completed in early June 2023 (subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals  any required consent from VEON creditors and satisfaction of customary closing conditions). Under the sale agreement for the VimpelCom Disposal  VEON will receive total consideration of RUB 130 billion (approximately USD 2.1 billion1). Subject to receipt of the necessary licenses and/or approval from competent sanctions authorities  it is expected that the total consideration will be paid primarily by VimpelCom taking on and discharging certain notes issued by the Company  thus significantly deleveraging VEON’s consolidated balance sheet. The Group considers that the VimpelCom Disposal represents the single-most material deleveraging action available to the Group  which will at the same time increase the prospect of future access to international debt capital markets  which are currently not available to the Group.The Amendments  together with the deleveraging described above  are also expected to curtail the inefficient use of cash which would result from the payments on the Russian National Settlement Depository (the “NSD”) held portion of the 2023 Notes being trapped in the international clearing systems and the principal amount of the 2023 Notes held through Russian depositaries being repaid by both the Company and VimpelCom due to the European Union’s sanctions targeting the NSD  and possibly in response to United States and United Kingdom sanctions laws and regulations targeting Russia more broadly  as further described below. It will also provide short term stability and further optionality to implement the asset monetization strategy underpinning VEON’s objectives to further reduce leverage and maximize its stakeholders’ returns.The Scheme launched by the Company today proposes the following changes with respect to the 2023 Notes (together  the “Amendments”):an eight-month extension of the respective maturity dates of the February 2023 Notes and April 2023 Notes to October 2023 and December 2023 respectively;an amendment of the consent and quorum thresholds for ordinary matters and Reserved Matters (as defined in the 2023 Notes trust deeds) 2 and excluding beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes who are the target of applicable sanctions laws or regulations that prohibit them from dealing with the 2023 Notes from counting in the consent and quorum thresholds 3 ; andand excluding beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes who are the target of applicable sanctions laws or regulations that prohibit them from dealing with the 2023 Notes from counting in the consent and quorum thresholds ; and payment of an amendment fee of 75bps payable on the 2023 Notes outstanding on their respective amended maturity dates.Subject to the Amendments being successfully implemented  and completion of the VimpelCom Disposal  the Group currently intends to use excess liquidity to redeem financial liabilities to deleverage and reduce its interest obligations.BackgroundOver the past nine months  the Group has successfully strengthened its liquidity position  and this will remain a key priority in the near term. However  despite the resilient performance of its underlying operating companies  which are considered largely self-sustaining  VEON’s ability to upstream cash for debt service is currently impaired by currency and capital controls in two of its major markets (Ukraine and Russia) and other geopolitical/FX pressures affecting emerging markets generally  including the countries in which the Group has operations.In addition  the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and developments since February 2022 with respect to sanctions laws and regulations have resulted in unprecedented challenges for VEON  limiting access to the international debt capital markets in which VEON has traditionally refinanced maturing debt and so hampering its ability to refinance indebtedness. Without a change in the status quo  the situation is likely to remain challenging  including as a result of the withdrawal of VEON’s credit ratings by rating agencies due to VEON’s current exposure to Russia.Blocking of NSD PaymentsAs a result of sanctions laws and regulations imposed on Russia  cash payments of both interest and principal amounts that either have already been made or will be made by the Company under its various RUB and USD notes (the “Notes”) through the international clearing systems do not reach the beneficial owners of the Notes that are held directly or indirectly (through the chain of Russian depositaries) via the NSD (such owners  the “NSD Noteholders”). VEON understands that such cash payments are instead being blocked by the international clearing systems  as the international clearing systems are not making payments to the NSD  due to the European Union’s targeting of the NSD  and possibly in response to United States and United Kingdom sanctions laws and regulations targeting Russia more broadly.Given the Company believes a significant proportion of NSD Noteholders are among the holders of the 2023 Notes (estimated to represent c. 60% of the 2023 Notes and c. 50% of all Notes maturing through 20274)  any maturity payments made by the Company in respect of the 2023 Notes on their respective maturity dates are expected to result in an inefficient use of material sums of liquidity  due to the cash remaining blocked in the international clearing systems.Russian Regulatory BackdropOn 5 July 2022  the President of the Russian Federation issued Decree 430  which states that “Russian legal entities with obligations related to Eurobonds are required to ensure the fulfilment of obligations to holders of Eurobonds whose rights are recorded by Russian depositaries”.Although the Notes have been issued by the Company and VimpelCom is neither a co-obligor nor a guarantor under the Notes  on 20 September 2022  VimpelCom received correspondence from the Russian Ministry of Finance (the ""Russian MinFin"") in which the Russian MinFin stated that it “consider[s] it appropriate that PJSC VimpelCom ensure the fulfilment of obligations under [the Notes] … to holders of Eurobonds whose rights are recorded by Russian depositaries”. In addition  the Russian MinFin requested VimpelCom to provide information on payments made with respect to the Notes. Certain Russian noteholders have also commenced legal proceedings in Russia against VimpelCom requesting VimpelCom to pay under certain Notes.VEON is currently assessing the potential impact of any obligation that may be imposed on VimpelCom as a matter of Russian law to assume direct responsibility for the discharge of the Notes held through Russian depositaries and potential solutions to the same. In the event that VimpelCom were to make principal or interest payments directly to beneficial owners of the Notes that are held through Russian depositaries  the Group has no comfort that the clearing systems would recognize the payment by VimpelCom as being good discharge of the Company’s payment obligations (and the trust deeds do not otherwise make provision for recognizing such payments). Accordingly  as matters stand  it is possible that VimpelCom and the Company could both be required to make material payments in respect of the same amounts of interest and principal due on 2023 Notes held through Russian depositories.Scheme of ArrangementThe Scheme is expected to enable the Amendments to be implemented upon obtaining the necessary majority consents (being a majority in number  representing at least 75% by value of those beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes present and voting at the Scheme meeting  either in person or by proxy). Any sanctioned beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes and sanctioned persons that may act as custodian for beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes will be excluded from participating in and voting on the Scheme.All actions taken in connection with the Amendments shall be in full compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including any economic or financial sanctions laws or regulations as amended from time to time  administered  enacted  or enforced by: the United States; the United Nations; the European Union or any member states thereof; the United Kingdom; Bermuda and other jurisdictions applicable to the Group (excluding the Russian Federation and the Republic of Belarus)  and any necessary licenses and approvals issued by the competent sanctions authorities of the foregoing jurisdictions.The Scheme will include a standstill provision whereby if the Company (in its sole discretion) has determined to seek any sanctions licenses in connection with the Amendments and any such license has not been granted by the time the Scheme is sanctioned  a standstill on enforcement action shall commence and the principal amount of the 2023 Notes will be treated for all purposes as if it has not fallen due for payment until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Amendments are implemented  (ii) 13 October 2023 or (iii) the date on which the Scheme is otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms.Next StepsFurther details regarding the Scheme and the Amendments are contained in the Practice Statement Letter  which is available to Scheme Creditors (as defined in the Practice Statement Letter) on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon.The Group is targeting the sanctioning and effectiveness of the Scheme in the coming months. If the Scheme becomes effective  all of the Scheme Creditors (irrespective of whether or not they voted in favour of the Scheme) will be bound by the terms of the Scheme and the Scheme will alter the rights of the Scheme Creditors. However  completion of the Amendments will be conditional upon obtaining licenses from competent sanctions authorities  to the extent that the Company determines that such licenses are required.The board of directors of the Company recommends to the Scheme Creditors that are entitled to vote on the Scheme that they should vote in favour of and approve the Scheme.Any beneficial owners of the 2023 Notes who wish to discuss the Scheme or the Amendments  and are not designated or otherwise subject to asset freezes or equivalent blocking restrictions under European Union  United Kingdom  United States or other applicable sanctions regimes  are invited to contact VEON (bonds@veon.com) and/or Moelis & Company  who are acting as financial advisors in relation to the Scheme or the Amendments (Marcel.Brouwer@moelis.com).Anticipated Process & TimelineKey Date5 Steps 24 November 2022 Transaction announcement and launch of the Scheme via issuance of the practice statement letter 20 December 2022 Convening hearing On or after 20 December 2022 Issuance of explanatory statement (and accompanying documents) and  subject to receipt of any necessary licenses and approvals  invitation to submit voting and proxy forms  and notice of Scheme meeting On or after 24 January 2023 Scheme meeting* On or after 30 January 2023 Sanction hearing  filing of sanction order and implementation of the Amendments**Subject to receipt of any necessary licenses and/or approvals from competent sanctions authorities  if relevant. See “Scheme of Arrangement” above for details of the standstill provisionsPortfolio Strategy & 2022-24 AmbitionIn line with its previously communicated strategy  the Group remains focused on active portfolio management and the pursuit of opportunities to realize the value of its infrastructure assets (with around $0.8 billion of potential asset monetization proceeds in 2023 and beyond)  further bolster Group and HQ liquidity and de-lever. At the same time  it expects to continue to invest into connectivity  digital opportunities and support portfolio investments to drive growth in its core countries.Expected key areas of focus in each geography are outlined below:Russia : Completion of the VimpelCom Disposal in compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations.: Completion of the VimpelCom Disposal in compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations. Ukraine : Ensure people remain connected by keeping the network operational and re invest cash generated locally to create value.: Ensure people remain connected by keeping the network operational and re invest cash generated locally to create value. Pakistan & Kazakhstan : Consolidate market leadership positions and unlock infrastructure value while pioneering digital services.: Consolidate market leadership positions and unlock infrastructure value while pioneering digital services. Bangladesh : Unlock infrastructure value and free up capital for country wide investment.: Unlock infrastructure value and free up capital for country wide investment. Uzbekistan : Capitalize on growth opportunities.: Capitalize on growth opportunities. Kyrgyzstan : Continue to develop business while exploring strategic options.Based on its current geographic footprint and asset profile (and taking into account the anticipated VimpelCom Disposal)  it is VEON’s ambition to achieve low to mid-single-digit growth in U.S. Dollar over the next three years in both Group revenue and EBITDA  while maintaining EBITDA margins in line with current levels and reducing group capex below 20%.FY2022 corporate costs are expected to be approximately USD 185m  compared to USD 208m in 2021  a decrease of approximately 10% YoY. In light of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine  capital controls and sanctions environment  no dividend upstreaming is expected from Russia and Ukraine in the foreseeable future. Cash upstreaming potential is expected to remain in Pakistan  Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan (medium-high expected probability)  Bangladesh and Kyrgyzstan (low expected probability).Important NoticeThis announcement is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This presentation is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws. Information contained in this communication or any part hereof is not intended for any persons in the Russian Federation who are not ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 51.2 of Federal Law No. 39-FZ ""On the Securities Market"" dated 22 April 1996  as amended (the ""Russian QIs"")  and must not be distributed or circulated into Russia or made available in Russia to any persons who are not Russian QIs  unless and to the extent they are otherwise permitted to access such information under Russian law. No securities have been and will be registered in Russia and are intended for ""placement"" or ""circulation"" in Russia (each as defined in Russian securities laws) unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law.Elements of this presentation contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis announcement has been prepared by VEON solely for informational purposes.This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes”  “estimates”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “may” or “will” or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology or by their context. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts  and in particular those items indicated as targets  ambitions or expectations of future results. They appear in a number of places and include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the Group's intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  amongst other things  results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  activity in the financial markets  competition and technology or the regulatory environment  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ materially from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which the Group operates  may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements set out in this announcement. Past performance of the Group cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this announcement and the Group expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release any update of  or revisions to  any forward-looking statements in this announcement. There can be no guarantee that any contemplated transactions or activities described in this announcement will occur on the terms described herein or at all.Nothing in this announcement should be considered to be a forecast of future profitability or financial position of the Group and none of the information in this announcement is or is intended to be a profit forecast  dividend forecast or profit estimate. This announcement reflects management’s estimates based on information available as of the date this announcement. In addition  any future ambition figures included in this announcement are based on the Company’s current geographic footprint and asset profile. Therefore  you should not place undue reliance upon such financial information.This announcement does not constitute  and should not be construed as  part of any offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or any businesses or assets described in it and it is not intended to provide the basis of any investment decision nor does it or is it intended to form the basis of any contract for acquisition of or investment in any member of the Group  financial promotion  or any offer or invitation in relation to any acquisition of or investment in any member of the Group in any jurisdiction  nor does it purport to give legal  tax or financial advice. Nothing herein shall be taken as constituting the giving of investment advice and this announcement is not intended to provide  and must not be taken as  the basis of any decision and should not be considered as a recommendation to acquire any securities of the Group. The recipient must make its own independent assessment and such investigations as it deems necessary. The information  statements and opinions contained in this announcement do not constitute a public offer under any applicable legislation or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.No representation or warranty  express or implied  is made or given  and no responsibility is accepted  by or on behalf of the Group or any of its shareholders  affiliates  directors  officers or employees or any other person as to the accuracy  adequacy  usefulness  completeness or fairness of the information or opinions contained in these materials or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions on which any of the information herein is based. The Group shall have no liability to any party for the quality  accuracy  timeliness  continued availability  or completeness of any information contained in this announcement.Any transaction entered into as part of the Scheme or the Amendments must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licenses and approvals from competent sanctions authorities. Developments with respect to applicable sanctions and export control laws and regulations following the date of this announcement could materially impact the transactions presented herein.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawbonds@veon.comMoelis & CompanyManaging DirectorMarcel BrouwerMarcel.Brouwer@moelis.com1 USD/RUB rate of 60.5043  source: Central Bank of Russia FX rate as of 24 November 20222 Written resolutions threshold of >50% for ordinary matters and 66 2/3% for Reserved Matters  and inclusion of electronic consent process with same thresholds; Noteholder meeting voting threshold of >50%  subject to a quorum requirement of >50% (or  if at adjourned meeting  any amount of Notes) or  in respect of any Reserved Matter  subject to a quorum requirement of 66 2/3% (or  if at an adjourned meeting  33 1/3%)3 Such beneficial owners would be excluded from both the numerator and denominator4 Estimate based on custodian data from Kroll5 Final dates subject to Court availability and confirmation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.05,0.76,True,English,"['2023 Notes maturities', 'VEON', 'launch', 'scheme', 'arrangement', 'multiple different potential transaction structures', 'international debt capital markets', 'single-most material deleveraging action', 'Russian National Settlement Depository', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'United Kingdom sanctions laws', 'international sanctions laws', 'international clearing systems', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'global digital operator', 'Practice Statement Letter', 'related trust deeds', 'evolving political situation', 'customary closing conditions', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'asset monetization strategy', 'underlying operating companies', 'competent sanctions authorities', 'short term stability', 'past nine months', 'respective maturity dates', '2023 Notes trust deeds', 'United States', 'Russian subsidiary', 'Russian depositaries', 'near term', 'eight months', 'six months', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'eight-month extension', 'status quo', 'short-term extension', 'best option', 'additional time', 'strategic transactions', 'early June', 'regulatory approvals', 'total consideration', 'necessary licenses', 'same time', 'future access', 'inefficient use', 'principal amount', 'European Union', 'following changes', 'ordinary matters', 'Reserved Matters', 'beneficial owners', 'excess liquidity', 'financial liabilities', 'interest obligations', 'liquidity position', 'key priority', 'resilient performance', 'Russian regulations', 'PJSC VimpelCom', 'VimpelCom Disposal', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'other amendments', 'The Amendments', 'VEON creditors', 'sale agreement', 'stakeholders’ returns', 'amendment fee', 'The Scheme', 'quorum thresholds', 'Group time', 'The Group', 'February 2023 Notes', '5.95% notes', '7.25% notes', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'launch', 'arrangement', 'England', 'issuance', 'April', 'Rationale', 'terms', 'announcement', 'culmination', 'discussions', 'advisers', 'options', 'current', 'circumstances', 'number', 'media/media-releases', 'receipt', 'consent', 'satisfaction', 'RUB', 'prospect', 'cash', 'payments', 'NSD', 'portion', 'response', 'optionality', 'objectives', 'leverage', 'October', 'December', 'target', 'completion']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13706,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2561999/0/en/CGG-Wins-Multi-Year-Extension-of-Dedicated-Imaging-Center-for-Brunei-Shell-Petroleum.html,CGG Wins Multi-Year Extension of Dedicated Imaging Center for Brunei Shell Petroleum,Paris  France – November 24  2022     CGG has been awarded a multi-year contract extension by Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn Bhd (BSP) to continue......,English FrenchParis  France – November 24  2022CGG has been awarded a multi-year contract extension by Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn Bhd (BSP) to continue operating a dedicated seismic imaging center at its head office in Seria  Brunei.Peter Whiting  EVP  Geoscience  CGG  said: “This renewal of our dedicated center contract builds on six years of technical excellence and demonstrates the trust BSP has in our imaging team and high-end technology. We look forward to strengthening our close collaboration with BSP to support its future business success.”In the past six years  CGG has successfully delivered land  marine  transition zone  OBC and high-density OBN seismic imaging results at the BSP center. The in-house team will continue to apply their latest proprietary technologies  such as Time-lag FWI  Q-FWI  least-squares migration and shallow imaging  to address the specific regional challenges posed by the presence of widely distributed shallow gas clouds  channels  gas-charged silts  and complex fault structures around the discovered fields.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Dedicated Imaging Center', 'Brunei Shell Petroleum', 'Multi-Year Extension', 'CGG', 'Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn Bhd', 'high-density OBN seismic imaging results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'dedicated seismic imaging center', 'dedicated center contract', 'complex fault structures', 'multi-year contract extension', 'latest proprietary technologies', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'future business success', 'specific regional challenges', 'shallow gas clouds', 'past six years', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'shallow imaging', 'imaging team', 'transition zone', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'BSP center', 'English French', 'head office', 'Peter Whiting', 'technical excellence', 'high-end technology', 'close collaboration', 'house team', 'Time-lag FWI', 'squares migration', 'gas-charged silts', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'Investor Relations', 'data science', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'November', 'CGG', 'Seria', 'EVP', 'Geoscience', 'renewal', 'trust', 'land', 'marine', 'OBC', 'Q-FWI', 'presence', 'channels', 'fields', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,300 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13707,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562012/0/en/Renault-Group-is-accelerating-the-decarbonisation-plan-for-its-plants-in-France-and-innovating-with-new-partners-Voltalia-ENGIE-and-Dalkia.html,Renault Group is accelerating the decarbonisation plan for its plants in France and innovating with new partners: Voltalia  ENGIE  and Dalkia,Renault Group is accelerating the decarbonisation plan for its plants in France and innovating with new partners: Voltalia  ENGIE  and Dalkia.   ...,"English FrenchRenault Group is accelerating the decarbonisation plan for its plants in France and innovating with new partners: Voltalia  ENGIE  and Dalkia.Renault Group announces three major partnerships with energy players ;With Voltalia   the largest green electricity supply contract in France to cover up to 50% of the electricity consumption of its production activities in 2027 through the installation of photovoltaic panels ;with the ENGIE group  a first-of-its-kind deep geothermal project in Europe that would replace 70% of the gas needs of the Douai plant by 2025;With Dalkia   EDF Group   a partnership to install a biomass boiler to replace 65% of the gas consumption at its Maubeuge plant;These three strategic partnerships constitute a new step in the Global Climate Plan and will make it possible to achieve net zero carbon for the plants of the ElectriCity cluster in France in 2025  in Europe in 2030 and worldwide in 2050.Boulogne-Billancourt  November 24  2022 – As part of its Renaulution strategy  Renault Group today announces an acceleration of the decarbonization plan for its industrial sites with three strategic and unprecedented partnerships to achieve its energy transition objectives. This new stage is materializing today with Voltalia for the largest green electricity supply contract in France – for the French factories of the Group; with ENGIE for the first deep geothermal project on a European industrial site  in Douai; with Dalkia  EDF Group  for the installation of a biomass boiler  in Maubeuge.Committed to the energy transition for more than 10 years and reaffirmed in the Climate Plan in April 2021  the Group confirms its commitments to achieve net zero carbon at its ElectriCity plants in Hauts-de-France by 2025  in Europe by 2030 and worldwide by 2050. The Group is drawing up a large-scale concrete plan to accelerate industrial decarbonization via photovoltaics  geothermal energy and biomass  among other initiatives.Luca de Meo  CEO of Renault Group  said: ""Today we are taking a strategic step towards achieving carbon neutrality in our plants. Thanks to this partnership signed with Voltalia  ElectriCity will become the Group's first production hub to be supplied with carbon-free and competitive electricity. And we don't stop there! We are already working on the next step of our plan and are working towards carbon-free heat to power our factories. In Douai  we are proud to launch with ENGIE one of the most ambitious decarbonisation projects on a European industrial site: the installation of deep geothermal energy. Finally  we are very pleased to partner with Dalkia to launch a biomass boiler project at the Maubeuge plant. We take responsibility  as a leading car manufacturer  to innovate and reduce the carbon footprint of our plants.""Renault Group and Voltalia sign the largest green electricity supply contract in France.Renault Group and Voltalia sign France's largest long-term renewable electricity supply agreement (Corporate Power Purchasing Agreement) for a capacity of 350 megawatts representing the production of approximately 500 gigawatt hours per year by 2027. With a duration of 15 years  it is an unprecedented commitment in France terms of power. This long-term agreement will enable Renault Group to cover up to 50% of the electricity consumption of the manufacturer's production activities in France in 2027.Voltalia will install photovoltaic panels on French territory for a capacity of 100 megawatts from 2025. The capacity made available to Renault by Voltalia will increase steadily over the following years  reaching a total of 350 megawatts in 2027. This agreement will cover Cléon's electric activities as well as all the sustainable electricity needs of the ElectriCity cluster  the largest and most competitive electric vehicle production centre in Europe whose ambition is to produce 500 000 vehicles per year by 2025.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  said: ""Voltalia is proud to be a privileged partner of this new stage of Renault Group's Climate Plan and to actively contribute to its objective of net zero carbon for the plants in the ElectriCity cluster. Providing renewable  carbon-free and competitive electricity to reduce CO2 emissions is Voltalia's daily mission. This major partnership delights us and illustrates our ability to be a key player in green electricity solutions in France.""Renault Group and ENGIE are developing a deep geothermal energy project at the Douai plant  an unprecedented project in Europe.This large-scale project is integrated as part of a Heat Purchase Agreement (HPA) with the aim of supplying the plant with carbon-free heat  replacing 70% of its gas needs from local and renewable sources. The partnership would span 15 years. Renault Group will thus strengthen its leading position in the decarbonisation of its industrial sites through this commitment.At the end of 2023  ENGIE  through its subsidiary ENGIE Solutions  will begin drilling work at the Douai plant to draw hot water (130-140°C) at a depth of 4 000 metres to capture the calories needed for the plant's industrial and heating process needs from 2025. The geothermal water will then be returned to its natural environment. Once implemented  this geothermal technology would provide a power of nearly 40 MW continuously. In summer  when the need for heat is lower  geothermal energy could be used to produce carbon-free electricity.Cécile Prévieu  Executive Vice President in charge of Energy Solutions  said: ""We are proud to be one of the partners that Renault has trusted to decarbonise its activities. The technological expertise represented by this geothermal solution applied to a large industrial site demonstrates our know-how and our ability to innovate to support our customers in their energy transition. We provide virtuous  resilient solutions that guarantee the highest operational performance.""Renault Group and Dalkia  EDF Group  join forces to supply carbon-free heat to the Maubeuge plant.Renault Group and Dalkia  an EDF Group subsidiary specialising in renewable energies  have signed a 15-year partnership to supply carbon-free heat to the Maubeuge Renault plant through the installation of a biomass boiler and waste heat recovery systems on site. With a capacity of 15 MW  these boilers should enable the plant to cover 65% of its gas needs from local and renewable sources by 2025.Sylvie Jéhanno  CEO of Dalkia  said: ""I would like to thank Renault Group for placing its trust in us. The decarbonisation of industry is at the heart of our activities and our teams are very committed to making this biomass heating plant project at the Maubeuge plant a benchmark for the region's energy transition!""----The decarbonization plan concerns all Renault Group sites on the four continents where the Group operates. To avoid the use of fossil fuels  and to make this transition to renewable energy  Renault Group is surrounded by a network of partners to deploy its decarbonization strategy around the world.To go further on Renault Group's Climate Plan****About Renault GroupRenault Group is at the forefront of mobility that is reinventing itself. With its alliance with Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors  and its unique expertise in electrification  Renault Group relies on the complementarity of its 4 brands – Renault – Dacia – Alpine and Mobilize – and offers sustainable and innovative mobility solutions to its customers. Present in more than 130 countries  the Group sold 2.7 million vehicles in 2021. It brings together nearly 111 000 employees who embody its raison d'être on a daily basis  so that mobility brings us closer to each other. Ready to take on challenges on the road as well as in competition  the Group is committed to an ambitious and value-generating transformation. It is focused on the development of new technologies and services  a new range of vehicles that is even more competitive  balanced and electrified. In line with environmental challenges  Renault Group aims to achieve carbon neutrality in Europe by 2040. https://www.renaultgroup.com/About VoltaliaVoltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has an operating and construction capacity of more than 2.4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its customers in renewable energy during all stages of projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia finally offers a global offer to companies ranging from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services  including the local production of its own electricity.With 1 450 employees in 20 countries on 4 continents  Voltalia has a global capacity for action for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included in the Gaia-Index  the index of responsible average values.About ENGIEENGIE is a global reference in low-carbon energy and services. Together with our 101 500 employees  our customers  partners and stakeholders  we are committed to accelerate the transition towards a carbon-neutral world  through reduced energy consumption and more environmentally-friendly solutions. Inspired by our purpose (“raison d’être”)  we reconcile economic performance with a positive impact on people and the planet  building on our key businesses (gas  renewable energy  services) to offer competitive solutions to our customers. Turnover in 2021: 57.9 billion Euros. The Group is listed on the Paris and Brussels stock exchanges (ENGI) and is represented in the main financial indices (CAC 40  Euronext 100  FTSE Eurotop 100  MSCI Europe) and non-financial indices (DJSI World  DJSI Europe  Euronext Vigeo Eiris - Eurozone 120/ Europe 120/ France 20  MSCI EMU ESG screened  MSCI EUROPE ESG Universal Select  Stoxx Europe 600 ESG  and Stoxx Global 1800 ESG).Dalkia: together  let's take up the climate challenge!For 85 years  Dalkia  a subsidiary of the EDF Group and leader in energy services  has been investing in and developing renewable and recovery energies and supporting its customers over the long term to help them save energy and reduce their CO 2 emissions. Nearly 20 000 employees throughout France and abroad maintain and operate the facilities of industrial sites  tertiary buildings  communities  health facilities and housing  with innovative and efficient solutions to accelerate the decarbonization of sites and territories.Find our solutions on our eco-responsible website www.dalkia.frPress ContactsRenault Group:Juliette Faucon | juliette.faucon@renault.com | +33 7 89 27 09 92Voltalia:Investor Relations:Loan Duong |invest@voltalia.com | +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00Press Relations:Jennifer Jullia| jjullia@actifin.fr | +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11ENGIE:ENGIE Group | engiepress@engie.com | +33 (0)1 44 22 24 35Dalkia:Elisabeth Lebout | elisabeth.lebout@dalkia.fr | +33 6 11 01 27 36Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Renault Group', 'decarbonisation plan', 'new partners', 'plants', 'France', 'Voltalia', 'ENGIE', 'Dalkia', 'largest long-term renewable electricity supply agreement', 'largest green electricity supply contract', 'competitive electric vehicle production centre', 'kind deep geothermal project', 'first deep geothermal project', 'Corporate Power Purchasing Agreement', 'deep geothermal energy project', 'green electricity solutions', 'first production hub', 'Luca de Meo', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'net zero carbon', 'Heat Purchase Agreement', 'European industrial site', 'sustainable electricity needs', 'energy transition objectives', 'ambitious decarbonisation projects', 'three major partnerships', 'three strategic partnerships', 'large-scale concrete plan', 'biomass boiler project', 'leading car manufacturer', 'Global Climate Plan', 'subsidiary ENGIE Solutions', 'long-term agreement', 'competitive electricity', 'large-scale project', 'electric activities', 'renewable sources', 'unprecedented project', 'renewable, carbon-free', 'electricity consumption', 'ElectriCity cluster', 'energy players', 'unprecedented partnerships', 'production activities', 'carbon neutrality', 'carbon footprint', 'leading position', 'industrial sites', 'industrial decarbonization', 'gas needs', 'strategic step', 'decarbonisation plan', 'decarbonization plan', 'ElectriCity plants', 'carbon-free heat', 'English French', 'new partners', 'photovoltaic panels', 'gas consumption', 'new step', 'Renaulution strategy', 'new stage', 'other initiatives', 'next step', '500 gigawatt hours', 'French territory', 'Cléon', 'privileged partner', 'CO2 emissions', 'daily mission', 'key player', 'hot water', 'EDF Group', 'The Group', 'Renault Group', 'Maubeuge plant', 'French factories', 'unprecedented commitment', 'Douai plant', 'ENGIE group', 'following years', '10 years', '15 years', 'France', 'Voltalia', 'Dalkia', 'installation', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'acceleration', 'April', 'commitments', 'photovoltaics', 'CEO', 'responsibility', 'capacity', '350 megawatts', 'duration', 'terms', '100 megawatts', 'total', 'ambition', '500,000 vehicles', 'ability', 'HPA', 'aim', 'local', 'end', 'drilling', 'work', '°C', 'depth', '4,000 metres', 'calories', '2027']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13708,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562003/0/en/Azerion-acquires-AdPlay-and-strengthens-Italian-digital-advertising-foothold.html,Azerion acquires AdPlay and strengthens Italian digital advertising foothold,Amsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together ...,Amsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together  the companies will provide advertisers with access to even larger audiences in Italy through exciting new formats and content like digital out of home and first look at highly relevant sports content. At the same time  publishing partners will benefit from the additional revenues and advertising formats Azerion will bring to them.Umut Akpinar  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “I am pleased to announce the acquisition of AdPlay and strengthen our advertising business in Italy. The AdPlay team is a perfect fit with our Azerion culture  and their local expertise and experience will add to our ability to help our Italian customers to get the results they need from their advertising budgets. I am also very excited to welcome AdPlay’s Italian partners to the Azerion platform and grow our business together with them as well as extending our connected TV and digital out of home reach in the local market.”Azerion will integrate AdPlay’s digital cross-media solutions and campaign performance management  adding to its robust current offering in these areas. AdPlay exclusively represents some of the most relevant Italian publishers and has been pioneering the digital out of home market in Italy. Through this acquisition  Azerion will strengthen its position in Italy and increase its relevance as a partner that delivers easy  impactful and affordable access to large and diverse audiences through highly engaging content.Additionally  AdPlay recently launched Veedly  a dedicated solution focused on the distribution of on-demand multimedia content from the world of sports. Veedly is currently collaborating with the official digital channels of Lega Serie A  allowing for content distribution of various kinds  including highlights of all the Serie A TIM matches  and Coppa Italia Frecciarossa for the next two sports seasons.The aggregated consideration is a combination of cash and shares. In total  580 470 treasury shares were transferred to the selling shareholder. The transaction is effective as of 11th November 2022. AdPlay generated approximately €12 million gross revenue in 2021.This announcement follows various previous acquisitions in 2022  as Azerion continues to execute on its growth strategy. So far this year  Azerion has acquired an estimated annualised revenue in the range of €100 million to €125 million for a total aggregated consideration (combination of cash and shares) in the range of €90 million to €100 million.- ENDS -About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com.About AdPlayAdPlay is a tech media company focused on the development of proprietary solutions for Publishers and Brand advertisers. AdPlay Media Holding is a strategic partner for the implementation of digital transformation and innovation plans  through its owned technologies and tailored consulting services.ContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.com,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Italian digital advertising foothold', 'Azerion', 'AdPlay', 'Italian based digital advertising platform', 'Serie A TIM matches', 'next two sports seasons', 'Lega Serie A', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'campaign performance management', 'robust current offering', 'Coppa Italia Frecciarossa', 'campaign management teams', 'tailored consulting services', 'official digital channels', 'exciting new formats', '€12 million gross revenue', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'relevant Italian publishers', 'various previous acquisitions', 'digital cross-media solutions', 'relevant sports content', 'The AdPlay team', 'total aggregated consideration', 'AdPlay Media Holding', 'advertising formats', 'Italian customers', 'Italian partners', 'media platform', 'integrated platform', 'advertising budgets', 'digital publishers', 'digital transformation', 'various kinds', 'annualised revenue', 'entertainment content', 'strategic acquisitions', 'proprietary solutions', 'media buyers', 'advertising business', 'larger audiences', 'same time', 'publishing partners', 'additional revenues', 'Umut Akpinar', 'perfect fit', 'local expertise', 'connected TV', 'local market', 'easy, impactful', 'diverse audiences', 'engaging content', 'dedicated solution', 'multimedia content', 'selling shareholder', '11th November', 'growth strategy', 'game creators', 'technology solutions', 'market sales', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'organic growth', 'innovation plans', 'Investor Relations', 'media company', 'Azerion platform', 'home reach', 'home market', 'content-driven, technology', 'data company', 'affordable access', 'content distribution', 'strategic partner', '580,470 treasury shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Brand advertisers', 'Azerion culture', 'companies', 'Italy', 'first', 'CEO', 'experience', 'ability', 'results', 'areas', 'position', 'relevance', 'Veedly', 'demand', 'world', 'highlights', 'combination', 'cash', 'transaction', 'announcement', 'range', 'ENDS', 'consumers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'engagement', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'information', 'development', 'implementation', 'owned', 'technologies', 'Contact', '24']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562034/0/en/Correction-Azerion-acquires-AdPlay-and-strengthens-Italian-digital-advertising-foothold.html,Correction: Azerion acquires AdPlay and strengthens Italian digital advertising foothold,Amsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together ...,Amsterdam  24 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of AdPlay  an Italian based digital advertising platform. Together  the companies will provide advertisers with access to even larger audiences in Italy through exciting new formats and content like digital out of home and first look at highly relevant sports content. At the same time  publishing partners will benefit from the additional revenues and advertising formats Azerion will bring to them.Umut Akpinar  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “I am pleased to announce the acquisition of AdPlay and strengthen our advertising business in Italy. The AdPlay team is a perfect fit with our Azerion culture  and their local expertise and experience will add to our ability to help our Italian customers to get the results they need from their advertising budgets. I am also very excited to welcome AdPlay’s Italian partners to the Azerion platform and grow our business together with them as well as extending our connected TV and digital out of home reach in the local market.”Azerion will integrate AdPlay’s digital cross-media solutions and campaign performance management  adding to its robust current offering in these areas. AdPlay exclusively represents some of the most relevant Italian publishers and has been pioneering the digital out of home market in Italy. Through this acquisition  Azerion will strengthen its position in Italy and increase its relevance as a partner that delivers easy  impactful and affordable access to large and diverse audiences through highly engaging content.Additionally  AdPlay recently launched Veedly  a dedicated solution focused on the distribution of on-demand multimedia content from the world of sports. Veedly is already cooperating with various sports leagues.The aggregated consideration is a combination of cash and shares. In total  580 470 treasury shares were transferred to the selling shareholder. The transaction is effective as of 11th November 2022. AdPlay generated approximately €12 million gross revenue in 2021.This announcement follows various previous acquisitions in 2022  as Azerion continues to execute on its growth strategy. So far this year  Azerion has acquired an estimated annualised revenue in the range of €100 million to €125 million for a total aggregated consideration (combination of cash and shares) in the range of €90 million to €100 million.- ENDS -About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com.About AdPlayAdPlay is a tech media company focused on the development of proprietary solutions for Publishers and Brand advertisers. AdPlay Media Holding is a strategic partner for the implementation of digital transformation and innovation plans  through its owned technologies and tailored consulting services.ContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.com,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Italian digital advertising foothold', 'Correction', 'Azerion', 'AdPlay', 'Italian based digital advertising platform', 'campaign performance management', 'robust current offering', 'campaign management teams', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'tailored consulting services', 'exciting new formats', '€12 million gross revenue', 'various previous acquisitions', 'various sports leagues', 'relevant Italian publishers', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'digital cross-media solutions', 'The AdPlay team', 'relevant sports content', 'total aggregated consideration', 'AdPlay Media Holding', 'advertising formats', 'Italian customers', 'Italian partners', 'media platform', 'integrated platform', 'advertising budgets', 'annualised revenue', 'digital publishers', 'entertainment content', 'strategic acquisitions', 'digital transformation', 'proprietary solutions', 'media buyers', 'advertising business', 'larger audiences', 'same time', 'publishing partners', 'additional revenues', 'Umut Akpinar', 'perfect fit', 'local expertise', 'connected TV', 'local market', 'easy, impactful', 'diverse audiences', 'engaging content', 'dedicated solution', 'multimedia content', 'selling shareholder', '11th November', 'growth strategy', 'game creators', 'technology solutions', 'market sales', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'organic growth', 'innovation plans', 'Investor Relations', 'media company', 'Azerion platform', 'home reach', 'home market', 'content-driven, technology', 'data company', 'affordable access', 'strategic partner', '580,470 treasury shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Brand advertisers', 'Azerion culture', 'companies', 'Italy', 'first', 'CEO', 'experience', 'ability', 'results', 'areas', 'position', 'relevance', 'Veedly', 'distribution', 'demand', 'world', 'combination', 'cash', 'transaction', 'announcement', 'range', 'ENDS', 'consumers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'engagement', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'information', 'development', 'implementation', 'owned', 'technologies', 'Contact', '24']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13710,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221123005451/en/R%C3%A9my-Cointreau-Excellent-First-Half,Rémy Cointreau: Excellent First Half,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Rémy Cointreau (Paris:RCO) generated consolidated sales of €867.1 million in the first half of 2022-2023  up 21.1% on an organic basis1 (+54.6% compared to 2019-2020). This performance reflects a steep 11.4% rise due t…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Rémy Cointreau (Paris:RCO) generated consolidated sales of €867.1 million in the first half of 2022-2023  up 21.1% on an organic basis1 (+54.6% compared to 2019-2020). This performance reflects a steep 11.4% rise due to price mix  in line with the Group’s strategic focus on value  and 9.7% growth in volume. Current Operating Profit came in at €319.3 million  representing a 27.2% organic rise and 50.0% growth on a reported basis. This was more than double the 2019-20 figure. Current operating margin showed a 1.7-point organic rise to 36.8% (up 3.8 points as reported).Eric Vallat  Rémy Cointreau’s CEO  stated: “Rémy Cointreau reported excellent results and made solid progress toward achieving our strategic priorities. In a persistently tough and demanding environment  we are fortunate to be ahead of schedule with our strategic plan  which allows us to stay on course and continue investing in our brands to enhance their appeal and awareness as we prepare for future growth. Building on these results  we are confirming our full-year guidance  with the second half set to reflect a return to normal consumption in the post-covid era and some base of comparison effects after two years of truly exceptional growth. In a half year that has seen a host of innovation and commercial initiatives  our people have shown impressive agility  creativity and engagement in carrying out our strategy  and I would like to take this opportunity to express my warmest thanks to them.”Key figures – in €m (unless otherwise stated) H1 2022-23 H1 2021-22 Reported change Organic change vs. H1 2021-22 vs. H1 2019-20 Sales 867.1 645.3 +34.4% +21.1% +54.6% Gross margin (%) 71.9% 69.1% +2.8 pts +1.8 pts +3.3 pts Current Operating Profit 319.3 212.9 +50.0% +27.2% +98.7% Current operating margin (%) 36.8% 33.0% +3.8 pts +1.7 pts +7.7 pts Net profit - Group share 223.8 134.0 +67.0% +39.9% +107.2% Net margin (%) 25.8% 20.8% +5.0 pts +3.2 pts +6.1 pts Net profit – Group share excl. non-recurring items 226.8 148.2 +53.0% +28.5% +125.2% Net margin excl. non-recurring items (%) 26.2% 23.0% +3.2 pts +1.4 pts +7.6 pts EPS Group share (€) 4.40 2.67 +64.7% +38.0% +102.8% EPS Group share excl. non-recurring items (€) 4.46 2.95 +50.9% +26.8% +120.3% Net debt /EBITDA ratio 0.65x 0.77x -0.12x -0.12x -0.74xCurrent Operating Profit by divisionIn €m (unless otherwise stated) H1 2022-23 H1 2021-22 Reported change Organic change vs. H1 2021-22 vs. H1 2019-20 Cognac 299.7 188.1 +59.3% +35.7% +103.8% As % of sales 47.0% 40.5% +6.5 pts +4.4 pts +10.6 pts Liqueurs & Spirits 31.9 37.8 -15.8% -27.5% +33.6% As % of sales 14.9% 23.1% -8.2 pts -9.2 pts -2.3 pts Subtotal: Group brands 331.5 225.9 +46.7% +25.1% +93.9% As % of sales 38.9% 35.9% +3.0 pts +0.9 pts +7.3 pts Partner brands 0.1 0.3 -72.0% -24.8% -147.8% Holding company costs (12.3) (13.4) -8.1% -8.6% +36.1% Total 319.3 212.9 +50.0% +27.2% +98.7% As % of sales 36.8% 33.0% +3.8 pts +1.7 pts +7.7 ptsCognacFirst-half sales at the Cognac division were up a strong 22.4% on an organic basis (up 55.8% compared to 2019-2020)  including volume growth of 6.4% and a 16.0% rise from price/mix effects. All regions contributed to this excellent showing.Current Operating Profit rose 35.7% on an organic basis to total €299.7 million  for a 4.4-point organic rise in margin to 47.0%. This outstanding performance reflects very strong growth in gross margin and firm control of overheads. At the same time  the Group decided to postpone various marketing outlays in China until the second half of the year due to the ongoing pandemic. As a result  the ratio of “Marketing and communications spend / sales” shows a temporary decline.Liqueurs & SpiritsFirst-half sales at the Liqueurs & Spirits division were up 20.7% on an organic basis (up 55.5% compared to 2019-20)  including volume growth of 16.8% and an increase of 3.9% from the price/mix effect. The division also reported a very good summer season. All brands contributed to this very good performance.Current Operating Profit stood at €31.9 million  down 27.5% on an organic basis. This set current operating margin at 14.9%  or 9.2 points lower on an organic basis. This decline in margin reflected  as expected  a steep rise in marketing and communication spend aimed at preparing for future growth  along with a decrease in gross margin linked to rising production costs that was partially offset by higher sales prices and a reduction in overheads.Partner BrandsFirst-half sales of Partner Brands were down 13.0% on an organic basis  reflecting unfavourable base effects in Europe  particularly in the Benelux countries.Current Operating Profit came in at €0.1 million  compared with €0.3 million in the first half of financial year 2021-22.Consolidated resultsConsolidated Operating Profit (COP) stood at €319.3 million  up 50.0% as reported and a rise of 27.2% on an organic basis. This means the Group recorded the equivalent of 12 months of COP in just six months  which would make this its “second best year” ever.This performance includes some very positive currency effects (+€48.6 million)  due primarily to trends in the US dollar and renminbi. The average EUR/USD conversion rate improved from 1.19 in H1 2021-2022 to 1.04 in H1 2022-2023  while the average collection rate (linked to the Group’s hedging policy) came in at 1.08 in H1 2022-2023 compared with 1.18 in H1 2021-2022.Current operating margin stood at 36.8%  up 1.7 points on an organic basis and up 3.8 points as reported. This rise reflects the following:organic growth of 1.8 points in the gross margin to 71.9% (+3.3 points compared to 2019-20)  driven largely by very favourable price/mix effectsvery good absorption of overheads (ratio down 0.7 pts on an organic basis)(ratio down 0.7 pts on an organic basis) increased marketing and communication spend (ratio up 0.8 pts on an organic basis)(ratio up 0.8 pts on an organic basis) very favourable currency effects (+2.2 pts).Operating profit came in at €315.3 million  up 58.3% as reported  after taking into account a net charge of €4.0 million in non-recurring items. This was mainly due to early unwinding of rouble hedges linked to the current geopolitical situation.Net financial expense improved from -€7.4 million in H1 2021-2022 to -€5.1 million in H1 2022-2023 thanks to the early conversion of OCEANE bonds and currency gains on hedging of debts denominated in foreign currency.Tax expense totalled €86.9 million  for an effective tax rate of 28.0% as reported (and excluding non-recurring items) compared with 30.3% as reported in H1 2021-2022 (28.0% excluding non-recurring items). This includes the reduction in the tax rate in France.Net profit - Group share came in at €223.8 million  up 67.0% as reported  which sets net margin at 25.8%  up 5.0 pts as reported.Excluding non-recurring items  net profit – Group share stood at €226.8 million  up 53.0% as reported  setting net margin at 26.2%  up 3.2 pts as reported.EPS Group - share came to €4.40  up 64.7% as reported from 2021-2022 and more than double the 2019-2020 figure. Excluding non-recurring items  EPS was €4.46.Net debt was €348.3 million  down €5.0 million from the position at 31 March 2022. In addition to free cash flow  this improvement reflects the non-cash impact of early conversion of part of the Group’s OCEANE debt for €42.3 million  offset by rollout of a €61.7 million share buyback programme. A total of 393 667 OCEANE bonds were thus converted to Rémy Cointreau shares over the period  raising the total share of OCEANE bonds converted to 73.7%. Given the conversion ratio  397 993 shares were created in this way.The net debt/EBITDA ratio came out at 0.65 at 30 September 2022  compared with 0.79 at 31 March 2022 and 0.77 at 30 September 2021.Full-year guidance confirmedIdeally positioned to take advantage of new consumption trends and buoyed by its advance on roll-out of its strategic plan  Rémy Cointreau is looking to 2022-2023 with confidence.The Group intends to continue to gain market share value in the exceptional spirits sector. It expects another year of strong organic growth  including normalization of consumption trends in the second half on the heels of two outstanding years.More specifically  as life “returns to normal” in most regions  overall consumption from H2 on is likely to settle in at “new normal” levels that are well above those observed in 2019/20. At the same time  growth should be tempered by high bases of comparison.The Group intends to continue implementing its strategy focused on medium-term brand development and underpinned by a policy of sustained investment in marketing and communications  particularly in the second half of the year.As a result  organic COP margin improvement will be driven by gross margin resilience despite the inflationary environment and by tight control of overhead costs.Taking into account the impact of phasing effects on sales trends and marketing/communication spends  organic COP margin improvement will be primarily driven by H1.The full-year impact of currency should be positive for:sales : +€ 110/120m: +€ 110/120m COP: +€55/60mSubsequent eventsOn 20 October 2022  Rémy Cointreau announced the creation of Maison Psyché  a luxury perfume house that will harness blending and ageing expertise specific to the world of spirits to transform the finest raw materials used in perfumes and create innovative fragrances.On 27 October 2022  Rémy Cointreau announced the successful launch of My Rémy Cointreau  its first international employee share ownership plan. Half of all eligible employees subscribed  and at the end of the operation  total employees held 0.07% of the company’s share capital through the My Rémy Cointreau FCPE fund.AppendicesSales and Current Operating Profit by division€m (unless otherwise stated) H1 2022-23 H1 2021-22 Change Reported Organic Reported Reported Organic A B C A/C-1 B/C-1 Sales Cognac 638.1 568.7 464.6 +37.3% +22.4% Liqueurs & Spirits 214.5 198.1 164.1 +30.7% +20.7% Subtotal: Group Brands 852.6 766.8 628.7 +35.6% +22.0% Partner Brands 14.5 14.5 16.6 -12.5% -13.0% Total 867.1 781.3 645.3 +34.4% +21.1% Current Operating Profit Cognac 299.7 255.3 188.1 +59.3% +35.7% As % of total sales 47.0% 44.9% 40.5% +6.5 pts +4.4 pts Liqueurs & Spirits 31.9 27.4 37.8 -15.8% -27.5% As % of total sales 14.9% 13.8% 23.1% -8.2 pts -9.2 pts Subtotal: Group Brands 331.5 282.7 225.9 +46.7% +25.1% As % of total sales 38.9% 36.9% 35.9% +3.0 pts +0.9 pts Partner Brands 0.1 0.3 0.3 -72.0% -24.8% Holding company costs (12.3) (12.2) (13.4) -8.1% -8.6% Total 319.3 270.7 212.9 +50.0% +27.2% As % of total sales 36.8% 34.6% 33.0% +3.8 pts +1.7 ptsSummary income statement€m (unless otherwise stated) H1 2022-23 H1 2021-22 Change Reported Organic Reported Reported Organic A B C A/C-1 B/C-1 Sales 867.1 781.3 645.3 +34.4% +21.1% Gross margin 623.7 553.8 445.9 +39.9% +24.2% Gross margin (%) 71.9% 70.9% 69.1% +2.8 pts +1.8 pts Current Operating Profit 319.3 270.7 212.9 +50.0% +27.2% Current operating margin (%) 36.8% 34.6% 33.0% +3.8 pts +1.7 pts Other operating income and expenses (4.0) (4.0) (13.6) - - Operating profit 315.3 266.7 199.3 +58.3% +33.9% Net financial income (expense) (5.1) (6.9) (7.4) -30.3% -6.8% Corporate income tax (86.9) (72.8) (58.1) +49.6% +25.3% Tax rate (%) (28.0%) (28.0%) (30.3%) +2.3 pts +2.3 pts Share in profit (loss) of associates/minority interests 0.4 0.4 0.2 - - Net profit – Group share 223.8 187.5 134.0 +67.0% +39.9% Net margin 25.8% 24.0% 20.8% +5.0 pts +3.2% Net profit – Group share excl. non-recurring items 226.8 190.5 148.2 +53.0% +28.5% Net margin excl. non-recurring items 26.2% 24.4% 23.0% +3.2 pts +1.4 pts EPS Group - share (€) 4.40 3.68 2.67 +64.7% +38.0% EPS Groupe – share excluding non-recurring items (€) 4.46 3.74 2.95 +50.9% +26.8%Reconciliation of net profit and net profit excluding non-recurring items€m H1 2022-23 H1 2021-22 Net profit – Group share 223.8 134.0 Other operating income and expenses 4.0 13.6 Tax on “other operating income and expenses” (1.0) (3.4) Effect of changes in the tax rate on deferred taxes in France  the United Kingdom and Greece - 4.0 Net profit - Groupe share excluding non-recurring items 226.8 148.2Definitions of alternative performance indicatorsDue to rounding  the sum of values presented in this document may differ from totals as reported. Such differences are not material.Rémy Cointreau’s management process is based on the following alternative performance indicators  selected for planning and reporting purposes. The Group’s management considers that these indicators provide users of the financial statements with useful additional information to help them understand the Group’s performance. These alternative performance indicators should be considered as supplementing those included in the consolidated financial statements and the resulting movements.Organic growth in sales and Current Operating ProfitOrganic growth is calculated excluding the impact of exchange rate fluctuations  acquisitions and disposals. This indicator serves to focus on Group performance common to both financial years  which local management is more directly capable of measuring.The impact of exchange rates is calculated by converting sales and Current Operating Profit for the current financial year using average exchange rates (or  for Current Operating Profit  the hedged exchange rate) from the previous financial year.For acquisitions in the current financial year  sales and Current Operating Profit of acquired entities are not included in organic growth calculations. For acquisitions in the previous financial year  sales and Current Operating Profit of acquired entities are included in the previous financial year; however  they are only included in current year organic growth calculations with effect from the anniversary date of the acquisition.For significant disposals  data is post-application of IFRS 5  under which results of entities disposed of are systematically reclassified under “Net earnings from discontinued operations”.Indicators “excluding non-recurring items”The two items set out below constitute key indicators for measuring recurring business performance  since they exclude significant items which  by virtue of their unusual nature  cannot be considered inherent to the Group’s ongoing performance:Current Operating Profit consists of operating profit before other non-recurring operating income and expenses.Net profit attributable to the Group excluding non-recurring items consists of net profit attributable to the Group adjusted to exclude other non-recurring operating income and expenses  associated tax effects  profit from deconsolidated  divested and discontinued operations and the contribution from dividends paid in cash.Gross operating profit (EBITDA)This measure  which is used in particular to calculate certain ratios  equates to Current Operating Profit less amortisation and depreciation expenses on intangible assets and property  plant and equipment for the period  expenses arising from stock option plans  and dividends received from associates during the period.Net debtNet financial debt as defined and used by the Group is equal to the sum of long- and short-term financial debt and accrued interest  less cash and cash equivalents.About Rémy CointreauAll around the world  there are clients seeking exceptional experiences; clients for whom a wide range of terroirs means a variety of flavors. Their exacting standards are proportional to our expertise – the finely-honed skills that we pass down from generation to generation. The time these clients devote to drinking our products is a tribute to all those who have worked to develop them. It is for these men and women that Rémy Cointreau  a family-owned French Group  protects its terroirs  cultivates exceptional multi-centenary spirits and undertakes to preserve their eternal modernity. The Group’s portfolio includes 14 singular brands  such as the Rémy Martin and Louis XIII cognacs  and Cointreau liqueur. Rémy Cointreau has a single ambition: becoming the world leader in exceptional spirits. To this end  it relies on the commitment and creativity of its 1 924 employees and on its distribution subsidiaries established in the Group’s strategic markets. Rémy Cointreau is listed on Euronext Paris.Regulated information in connection with this press release can be found at www.remy-cointreau.com_______________________1 All references to “organic growth” in this press release refer to growth at constant currency and consolidation scope,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.11,0.21,True,English,"['Rémy Cointreau', 'Excellent First Half', 'Net debt /EBITDA ratio', 'Rémy Cointreau', 'Holding company costs', 'rising production costs', 'Current Operating Profit', 'good summer season', 'Consolidated Operating Profit', 'Current operating margin', 'various marketing outlays', 'higher sales prices', 'EPS Group share', 'unfavourable base effects', '1.7-point organic rise', '4.4-point organic rise', 'Net profit', 'Net margin', 'comparison effects', 'price/mix effects', '27.2% organic rise', 'steep 11.4% rise', 'steep rise', 'organic basis1', 'Gross margin', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'first half', 'price mix', 'strategic focus', '2019-20 figure', 'Eric Vallat', 'solid progress', 'strategic priorities', 'demanding environment', 'strategic plan', 'full-year guidance', 'normal consumption', 'post-covid era', 'two years', 'commercial initiatives', 'impressive agility', 'warmest thanks', 'Key figures', 'non-recurring items', 'excellent showing', 'firm control', 'same time', 'ongoing pandemic', 'communications spend', 'good performance', 'communication spend', 'Benelux countries', 'Consolidated results', 'consolidated sales', 'future growth', 'exceptional growth', 'strong growth', 'excellent results', 'second half', 'half year', 'Partner brands', 'financial year', 'Organic change', 'First-half sales', 'Group brands', 'outstanding performance', 'temporary decline', 'six months', 'volume growth', 'Cognac division', 'Spirits division', '9.7% growth', '50.0% growth', '12 months', 'RCO', 'value', 'CEO', 'tough', 'schedule', 'course', 'appeal', 'awareness', 'return', 'host', 'innovation', 'people', 'creativity', 'engagement', 'strategy', 'opportunity', 'H1', 'Liqueurs', 'regions', 'overheads', 'China', 'increase', 'decrease', 'reduction', 'Europe', 'COP', 'equivalent', '2.', '3.3', '5.0', '3.2', '6.1', '7.6', '10.6', '3.0', '3.8']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,businesswire.com
13711,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562000/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7198 £ 24.3360 Estimated MTD return -1.40 % -1.31 % Estimated YTD return -5.07 % -3.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.20 % 143.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.82 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.2158 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.8115The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13712,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562001/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7198 £ 24.3360 Estimated MTD return -1.40 % -1.31 % Estimated YTD return -5.07 % -3.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.20 % 143.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.82 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.2158 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.8115The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13713,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562300/0/en/ALSTOM-SA-Alstom-announces-a-new-employee-share-offering-WE-SHARE-ALSTOM-2023.html,ALSTOM SA: Alstom announces a new employee share offering: WE SHARE ALSTOM 2023,Alstom announces a new employee share offering  WE SHARE ALSTOM 2023  24 November 2022 – Alstom announces the launch of a new employee share...,"English FrenchAlstom announces a new employee share offeringWE SHARE ALSTOM 202324 November 2022 – Alstom announces the launch of a new employee share offering  WE SHARE ALSTOM 2023. This offering  proposed in 21 countries  aims to associate approximately 90% of the employees to strategic objectives and development of the group.The offering is implemented for employees in France  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  Czech Republic  Germany  Hungary  India  Italy  Kazakhstan  Mexico  Poland  Romania  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Thailand  United Kingdom and United States. In France  the offering is also proposed to employees who retired from Alstom and who still hold assets in the Group Savings Plan France (Plan d'Epargne Groupe France  PEG).The offering is made in the framework of the PEG France and the International Group Savings Plan (Plan d'Epargne Groupe International  PEGI) of Alstom  by capital increase  on the basis of the 19th resolution of the extraordinary general shareholders meeting of July 12  2022. A capital increase reserved for a category of beneficiaries will also be made in the context of this offering on the basis of the 20th resolution of the said meeting.The amount of capital increases is a maximum of 2% share capital  i.e.  7 475 675 shares. Shares will bear immediate dividend entitlements and will be fully fungible with existing shares upon their issuance.Conditions of the subscription:Two subscription formula are proposed:(i) A ""Multiple"" formula  including a leverage  proposed on the entire scope of the implementation of the offering. By investing in this formula  the subscriber benefits from a guarantee on initial investment (including the matching contribution) and a multiple of the protected average increase of the share price determined based on the non-discounted Reference Price (as defined below). ;(ii) A ""Classic"" formula  proposed in the context of the PEG France only. By investing in this formula  the subscriber benefits from a discounted subscription price. The investment made in the ""Classic"" formula will fluctuate in the same manner as the price of the Alstom share  both increasing or decreasing  and thus comprises a risk of loss of capital.The investment in this offering is subject to a 5-year lock-up period  except in the occurrence of an early exit events provided for in Article R. 3324-22 of the French Labor Code  subject to local restrictions.Subscription price:The subscription price of the shares will be equal to the arithmetic average of the volume-weighted average prices (VWAP) of Alstom share on Euronext recorded on the twenty trading days preceding the date of the decision of the Chairman and Chief Executive Director fixing the date of the start of the subscription/revocation period (""Reference Price"")  less a discount of 20% for subscriptions in the ""Multiple"" formula and a 30% discount for subscriptions in the ""Classic"" formula.Voting rights:Under the ""Multiple"" and the ""Classic"" formulas  the voting rights pertaining to shares held in the FCPE ""Alstom"" will be exercised by the Supervisory Board of the FCPE. Under the ""Multiple"" formula  for certain countries within the scope as well as for shares issued on the basis of the 20th resolution of the aforementioned general meeting  the voting rights pertaining to shared held directly will be exercised by the subscribers.Indicative timetable:The offering reservation period is scheduled from December 5 to 20  2022 followed by a subscription/revocation period scheduled from February 16 to 20  2023.Each capital increase should be completed on March 23  2023. These dates are indicated for information only and may be subject to changes.The ""Multiple"" formula implies implementation  management and settlement of hedging transactions by the bank that structures this formula  it being understood that such hedging transactions can take place on the market or off-market  through purchase and/or sale of shares  purchase of call options and/or any other transactions carried out at any time  in particular during the period of determination of the Reference Price  and on the entire duration of the employee share plan WE SHARE ALSTOM 2023.INFORMATION FOR THE INTERNATIONAL IMPLEMENTATIONThis press release shall not be considered as a form of canvassing or solicitation for the subscription of Alstom shares. The offering is strictly reserved to the beneficiaries mentioned in this press release and will be implemented only in countries where such an offering has been registered or notified to the competent local authorities  or based on an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus or to proceed with registration or notification of the offering. This communication is not intended to be made  and copies of this press release should not be sent in countries in which the offering remains subject to the approval of the local authorities. More generally  the offering will only be conducted in countries where all procedures of registration and/or notifications have been completed and the necessary authorizations have been obtained.CONTACTFor any question regarding the offering  beneficiaries may contact their Human Resources department and/or any other person indicated in the documentation relating to the offering provided to them.About AlstomLeading societies to a low carbon future  Alstom develops and markets mobility solutions that provide sustainable foundations for the future of transportation. From high-speed trains  metros  monorails  trams  to turnkey systems  services  infrastructure  signalling and digital mobility  Alstom offers its diverse customers the broadest portfolio in the industry. 150 000 vehicles in commercial service worldwide attest to the company’s proven expertise in project management  innovation  design and technology. In 2021  the company was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices  World and Europe  for the 11th consecutive time. Headquartered in France and present in 70 countries  Alstom employs more than 74 000 people. The Group posted revenues of €15.5 billion for the fiscal year ending on 31 March 2022. Log onto www.alstom.com for more information ContactsPress:Samuel MILLER - Tel.: +33 (1) 57 06 67 74samuel.miller@alstomgroup.comCoralie COLLET – Tel.: + 33 (1) 57 06 18 81coralie.collet@alstomgroup.comInvestor relations:Martin VAUJOUR – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 88 40 17 57martin.vaujour@alstomgroup.comEstelle MATURELL ANDINO – Tel.: +33 (0)6 71 37 47 56estelle.maturell@alstomgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['new employee share offering', 'ALSTOM SA', 'extraordinary general shareholders meeting', 'International Group Savings Plan', 'new employee share offering', 'Group Savings Plan France', 'Epargne Groupe International', 'immediate dividend entitlements', 'early exit events', 'twenty trading days', 'Chief Executive Director', 'employee share plan', 'volume-weighted average prices', 'French Labor Code', '5-year lock-up period', 'Epargne Groupe France', 'protected average increase', 'competent local authorities', 'discounted Reference Price', 'offering reservation period', 'Two subscription formula', 'general meeting', 'share price', 'arithmetic average', '2% share capital', 'English French', 'local restrictions', 'INTERNATIONAL IMPLEMENTATION', 'subscription/revocation period', 'Alstom share', 'capital increase', 'strategic objectives', 'Czech Republic', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', '19th resolution', '20th resolution', 'matching contribution', 'same manner', 'Article R.', 'Voting rights', 'Classic"" formulas', 'Supervisory Board', 'Indicative timetable', 'hedging transactions', 'call options', 'other transactions', 'entire duration', 'press release', 'PEG France', 'subscription price', 'Multiple"" formula', 'entire scope', 'initial investment', 'existing shares', '7,475,675 shares', 'November', 'launch', '21 countries', 'employees', 'development', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Germany', 'Hungary', 'India', 'Italy', 'Kazakhstan', 'Mexico', 'Poland', 'Romania', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Thailand', 'assets', 'framework', 'PEGI', 'basis', 'July', 'category', 'beneficiaries', 'context', 'amount', 'maximum', 'issuance', 'Conditions', 'leverage', 'subscriber', 'guarantee', 'risk', 'loss', 'VWAP', 'Euronext', 'date', 'decision', 'Chairman', 'start', 'subscriptions', '30% discount', 'FCPE', 'December', 'February', 'March', 'information', 'changes', 'management', 'settlement', 'bank', 'place', 'market', 'purchase', 'sale', 'determination', 'canvassing', 'solicitation', 'exemption', 'requirement', 'prospectus', 'registration', 'notification', 'communication', 'copies', 'approval', 'procedures']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13714,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/24/2562361/0/en/Aegon-publishes-agenda-for-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-on-January-17-2023.html,Aegon publishes agenda for Extraordinary General Meeting on January 17  2023,The Hague  November 24  2022 - Today  Aegon N.V. has published the Agenda and Shareholder Circular for its Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM) on Tuesday  January 17  2023 at 14:00 CET.,The Hague  November 24  2022 - Today  Aegon N.V. has published the Agenda and Shareholder Circular for its Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM) on Tuesday  January 17  2023 at 14:00 CET.The purpose of the EGM is the proposal to approve the strategic decision to combine Aegon’s Dutch pension  life and non-life insurance  banking and mortgage origination operations with a.s.r. to create a leading player in the Dutch market  as announced on October 27  2022.In addition to shareholders’ approval the closing of this transaction is subject to customary conditions  including regulatory and antitrust approvals  and the completion of the works council consultation processes of both Aegon and a.s.r..The Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held at Aegon N.V.’s head office in The Hague  in a hybrid manner. This means that with respect to attending the EGM  shareholders have the choice to attend the EGM in person or virtually. Also  shareholders have the option to vote without attending the EGM. The terms of the Company’s policy regarding the hybrid meeting of shareholders will be applicable to the EGM.A live stream of the EGM will be available at Aegon’s corporate website.More information on how to attend and all documentation relating to the EGM can be found here.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 6 22 88 99 25 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.comjanwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.1,0.74,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Aegon', 'agenda', 'January', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'works council consultation processes', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'one global asset manager', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'leading global investor', 'public sector securities', 'mortgage origination operations', 'a.s.r.', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'Dutch pension, life', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'other “ESG” targets', 'Aegon N.V.', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'financial prospects', 'hybrid meeting', 'general economic', 'leading player', 'Dutch market', 'social targets', 'emerging markets', 'other events', 'other instability', 'Shareholder Circular', 'strategic decision', 'non-life insurance', 'customary conditions', 'antitrust approvals', 'head office', 'hybrid manner', 'live stream', 'corporate website', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'economic conditions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'governmental conditions', 'Civil unrest', 'military action', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'government exposure', 'The Hague', 'More information', 'resulting decline', 'Forward-looking statements', 'strategic focus', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'debt ratings', 'critical environmental', 'future performance', 'shareholders’ approval', 'company expectations', 'November', 'Agenda', 'EGM', 'Tuesday', 'January', '14:00 CET', 'purpose', 'proposal', 'banking', 'October', 'addition', 'closing', 'transaction', 'regulatory', 'completion', 'respect', 'choice', 'person', 'option', 'terms', 'policy', 'documentation', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Contacts', 'janwillem', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'regulations', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'creditworthiness', 'counterparties', 'Lowering']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,globenewswire.com
13715,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4560283-bill-ackman-pershing-square-portfolio-q3-2022-update,Tracking Bill Ackman’s Pershing Square Portfolio - Q3 2022 Update (OTCMKTS:PSHZF),Bill Ackman's 13F portfolio value increased from $7.46B to $7.88B this quarter. Click here to read more about Pershing Square's holdings and trades for Q3 2022.,Bryan BedderThis article is part of a series that provides an ongoing analysis of the changes made to Pershing Square’s 13F portfolio on a quarterly basis. It is based on Ackman’s regulatory 13F Form filed on 11/14/2022. Please visit our Tracking Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Holdings article for an idea on how his holdings have progressed over the years and our previous update for the fund’s moves during Q2 2022.Ackman’s 13F portfolio value increased ~6% from ~$7.46B to ~$7.88B this quarter. The number of positions decreased from 7 to 6. The portfolio remains heavily concentrated with a few huge bets. The top three positions account for ~62% of the total portfolio value: Lowe's Companies  Chipotle Mexican Grill  and Restaurant Brands.In addition to partner stakes  the fund also invests the capital from Pershing Square Holdings (OTCPK:PSHZF)  a public entity that debut in Euronext Amsterdam in October 2014. This was set up primarily to increase the amount of capital invested that is permanent. Pershing Square Holdings had underperformed the S&P 500 since its EOY 2012 inception. This changed in 2019 as they compounded at ~50% in the three years through 2021. For 2022 through November 15th  they are down 9.1%. Their original flagship fund’s (2004 inception) track record is excellent with annualized returns of ~16% compared to ~9.7% for the S&P 500 index.Note 1: Pershing Square Holdings has always traded at a discount to NAV. It currently trades at ~$35 per share compared to NAV of $52.77.Note 2: This year  they disclosed the following regarding their hedging strategy  principles  and performance: “Principles: asymmetric payoff structures along with monetization that provides liquidity during periods of market dislocation. Strategy: Interest rate hedges from late 2020 to early 2022 as they believed Fed would raise rates earlier than anticipated. Performance: $5.2B of their P&L came from hedging in the last three years. This is compared to their current capital base of ~$11.5B.”Note 4: Pershing Square has a ~10% stake in UMG Music Group (OTCPK:UMGNF) at a cost-basis of ~€18 per share. It currently trades at €21.57.To learn more about Bill Ackman  check-out the book “Confidence Game: How Hedge Fund Manager Bill Ackman Called Wall Street's Bluff”.Stake Disposals:Domino’s Pizza (DPZ): DPZ was a ~11% of the portfolio stake established in Q1 2021 at prices between ~$330 and ~$375 and the stock currently trades at ~$392. The position was sold this quarter at prices between ~$310 and ~$417. They had a ~5.3% ownership stake in the business.Stake Increases:Lowe's Companies (LOW): LOW is currently the largest position at ~25% of the portfolio. It was established in Q2 2018 at prices between $81 and $101 and increased by ~9% next quarter at prices between $95 and $117. There was also a ~40% stake increase in Q1 2020 at ~$84 per share. The four quarters through Q2 2021 had seen a ~20% selling at prices between ~$136 and ~$211. The stock currently trades at ~$211. Last few quarters have seen only minor adjustments.Note: Pershing Square's cost-basis on LOW is ~$85 per share.Restaurant Brands International (QSR): The QSR stake is a large ~16% of the portfolio stake. Pershing Square’s original cost-basis was ~$16. Q3 2017 saw a ~32% selling at prices between $59 and $66. That was followed with a ~22% reduction in H1 2018 at prices between $53 and $64. The four quarters thru Q3 2019 had also seen a ~28% selling at prices between $52 and $79. In June 2020  they increased the position by roughly two-thirds thru forward contracts at $44.20 cost-basis. The stock currently trades at ~$67. Last few quarters have seen only minor adjustments.Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT): The large ~15% portfolio stake was established in October 2018. It was purchased at prices between $64 and $78. Q1 2020 saw a ~30% stake increase at a cost-basis of ~$70. Q1 2022 saw a ~20% selling at prices between ~$129 and ~$158. The stock currently trades at ~$139. Last two quarters have seen only minor adjustments.Note 1: Their overall cost-basis is ~$72 per share.Note 2: In Q4 2018  Hilton Worldwide Holdings came back into the portfolio after a gap of eighteen months. The previous position was purchased in Q3 2016 and disposed a year later. Pershing Square has said that the new position was acquired at a better valuation compared to their previous purchase. Also  the business structure has transformed into a capital-light model following the spinoff in early 2017 of Park Hotels & Resorts (PK) and Hilton Grand Vacations (HGV).Canadian Pacific Railway (CP): CP is a ~13% of the portfolio position purchased in Q4 2021 at prices between ~$64.50 and ~$78. The position was built this quarter at prices between ~$67 and ~$83. The stock currently trades at ~$81.Note: the position was not in their Q4 2021 13F report but was disclosed in an amended filing this March.Kept Steady:Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG): CMG is a large ~21% of the portfolio position. The stake was established in Q3 2016 at a cost-basis of ~$405 per share. The position was sold down by ~30% in Q3 2018 in the high-400s price-range and that was followed with a ~17% trimming over the next four quarters. Q1 2020 also saw a one-third selling at ~$860 per share. There was a ~7% trimming in Q1 2021 at ~$1340 per share. Q3 2021 saw a ~3% increase at ~$1910 per share. The stock currently trades at ~$1509.Howard Hughes Corp. (HHC): HHC is now a 9.58% of the 13F portfolio position. The stake was first established in 2010 as a result of its spin-off from GGP Inc. The vast majority of the current stake is from the addition of ~10M shares in Q1 2020 at ~$50 per share through a private placement. Q1 2021 saw a ~25% stake increase at prices between ~$78 and ~$102. The stock is currently at ~$70.Note: They have a ~27% ownership stake in the business. In October  they announced a tender offer to purchase 6.34M additional shares of Howard Hughes at a price between $52.50 and $60 per share. On November 11th  the tender was extended  and the price range increased to between $61 and $70 per share.Fannie Mae (OTCQB:FNMA) and Freddie Mac (OTCQB:FMCC) are other long positions in the partnership - the holdings were disclosed in 13D filings on November 15  2013 - as they are not 13F securities  they are not listed in the 13F report. Ackman held just under 10% of the outstanding shares of both these businesses - 115.57M shares of FNMA at a cost-basis of $2.29 and 63.5M shares of FMCC at a cost-basis of $2.14. The combined investment outlay was ~$400M. FNMA & FMCC currently trade at ~$0.43 per share. In March 2018  Pershing Square said their Fannie/Freddie pfds now amounts to 21% of the total investment in the two GSEs. Their Q4 2021 Annual Investor Presentation had the following regarding Fannie/Freddie: “Remains confident of long-term value – believes re-privatization is an eventuality regardless of court outcomes”.The spreadsheet below highlights changes to Pershing Square’s 13F stock holdings in Q3 2022:Bill Ackman - Pershing Square's Q3 2022 13F Report Q/Q Comparison (John Vincent (author))Source: John Vincent. Data constructed from Pershing Square’s 13F filings for Q2 2022 and Q3 2022.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Pershing Square Portfolio', 'Bill Ackman', 'Q3 2022 Update', 'PSHZF', 'Hedge Fund Manager Bill Ackman', 'Pershing Square Holdings article', 'Chipotle Mexican Grill', 'asymmetric payoff structures', 'Interest rate hedges', 'UMG Music Group', 'Hilton Grand Vacations', 'Canadian Pacific Railway', 'Hilton Worldwide Holdings', 'regulatory 13F Form', 'Tracking Bill Ackman', '2004 inception) track record', 'total portfolio value', 'original flagship fund', 'Restaurant Brands International', 'S&P 500 index', 'Last two quarters', '13F portfolio value', 'current capital base', 'top three positions', 'last three years', 'Q4 2021 13F report', 'The QSR stake', 'large ~15% portfolio stake', 'EOY 2012 inception', 'P&L', 'Bryan Bedder', 'ongoing analysis', 'quarterly basis', 'previous update', 'huge bets', 'partner stakes', 'public entity', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'annualized returns', 'market dislocation', 'Confidence Game', 'Stake Disposals', '~5.3% ownership stake', 'Stake Increases', '~9% next quarter', '~40% stake increase', 'minor adjustments', '~30% stake increase', 'eighteen months', 'previous purchase', 'capital-light model', 'Park Hotels', 'Kept Steady', 'original cost-basis', 'four quarters', 'largest position', 'previous position', 'new position', 'business structure', 'portfolio position', 'overall cost-basis', 'hedging strategy', '~10% stake', 'series', 'changes', 'idea', 'moves', 'Q2', 'number', 'Lowe', 'Companies', 'addition', 'October', 'amount', 'November', 'Note', 'discount', 'NAV', 'share', 'principles', 'performance', 'monetization', 'liquidity', 'periods', 'Fed', 'rates', 'book', 'Domino', 'Pizza', 'DPZ', 'Q1', 'prices', 'stock', '~20% selling', 'Q3', '~22% reduction', 'H1', '~28% selling', 'June', 'two-thirds', 'forward', 'contracts', 'HLT', 'gap', 'spinoff', 'early 2017', 'Resorts', 'PK', 'HGV', 'CP', 'filing', 'CMG', '~9.']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,seekingalpha.com
13716,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lemonde.fr/en/economy/article/2022/11/24/french-government-continues-to-believe-in-the-ipo-of-start-ups_6005545_19.html,French Government continues to believe in the IPO of start-ups,Measures facilitating access to the stock markets for French digital start-ups were unveiled on Wednesday  despite tech's current financial woes.,"Happy are the start-ups that have managed to raise hundreds of millions of euros in early 2022 to finance their development. For at least the last six months  financing rounds have become increasingly difficult to complete  and the amounts have become increasingly smaller. As for turning to the stock market  there is no point thinking about it for the time being  as technology stocks are so shaken up.But that doesn't stop us from thinking about it. This is the challenge facing the government  which on Wednesday  November 23  unveiled new measures designed to help French start-ups go public. The government wants to give priority to the Euronext Tech Leaders index  created this summer and dedicated to innovative companies from the Old Continent. Jean-Noël Barrot  minister delegate for the digital transition  made his announcement at an event organized by Euronext.""For the past five years  France has seen the emergence of very high-growth companies with European  if not global  reach. We want them to be able to continue to grow in France and to continue to recruit in France "" said Mr. Barrot. For the most highly valued companies  only a stock market listing will enable them to sustain their development. Indeed  the amounts involved are becoming difficult to access through private funds.Read more A French start-up offers cheap movie tickets to fill theatersFavoring listing in EuropeThe government has set a target of 10 new IPOs for French technology companies between now and 2025  including two with valuations of over €5 billion. It intends to pave the way for these companies to list in Europe. ""The window of opportunity for IPOs has closed  which is why we are launching these projects today  so that the conditions will be in place when the momentum picks up again "" said Mr. Barrot.He has therefore announced several measures to facilitate this development  including financial support. ""More than €1 billion of public sector funds can be mobilized to support IPOs "" he said. Bpifrance and the Caisse des Dépôts  two public sector financial institutions  will be the state's weapons in this operation.On the regulatory front  the French Finance Ministry will be launching a study on the possibility of issuing shares with multiple voting rights for these listed companies  a provision that would allow founders and shareholders to retain a minimum of control. Support measures are also planned with the support of the French Tech mission  including administrative assistance.Read more Subscribers only Is this the end of an era in Silicon Valley?'Convincing the big fund managers'The government has also been involved in drafting a best practices guide aimed at mobilizing the major market players – in particular institutional investors and other large managers – to support this European market. ""We need to convince the big fund managers  to make them change their relationship to risk and growth "" said Stéphane Boujnah  head of Euronext.He has not set a quantitative target for the number of companies to be included in the Euronext Tech Leaders index. His goal is to erase ""a truncated perception that there is no European Nasdaq.""We are interested in your experience using the site. Send feedbackOver the past five years  the evolution of the valuations of companies listed on the Euronext Tech Leaders index is very comparable  according to him  with those of companies listed on the Nasdaq: +86% for the former  +95% for the latter. ""We need to continue to match the Nasdaq as closely as possible to continue to convince investors "" said Mr. Boujnah  who intends to make the main European stock market a serious competitor to the famous American technology exchange.More on this topic Subscribers only French coding school empowers women to take on the IT industryVincent Fagot Translation of an original article published in French on lemonde.fr; the publisher may only be liable for the French version.",neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.12,0.44,True,English,"['French Government', 'IPO', 'start-ups', 'Caisse des Dépôts', 'two public sector financial institutions', 'famous American technology exchange', 'Euronext Tech Leaders index', 'main European stock market', 'public sector funds', 'French Tech mission', 'last six months', 'past five years', 'cheap movie tickets', 'multiple voting rights', 'big fund managers', 'best practices guide', 'other large managers', 'Vincent Fagot Translation', 'major market players', 'A French start-up', 'French Finance Ministry', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'French coding school', 'Jean-Noël Barrot', 'particular institutional investors', 'stock market listing', 'French technology companies', 'financial support', 'European market', 'technology stocks', 'private funds', 'Mr. Boujnah', 'French version', 'Mr. Barrot', 'financing rounds', 'new measures', 'French start-ups', 'Old Continent', 'digital transition', 'global, reach', 'several measures', 'regulatory front', 'administrative assistance', 'Silicon Valley', 'truncated perception', 'serious competitor', 'IT industry', 'original article', 'Support measures', 'European Nasdaq', 'innovative companies', 'high-growth companies', 'valued companies', 'quantitative target', '10 new IPOs', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'euros', 'early 2022', 'development', 'amounts', 'point', 'time', 'challenge', 'government', 'Wednesday', 'November', 'priority', 'delegate', 'announcement', 'event', 'France', 'emergence', 'theaters', 'way', 'window', 'opportunity', 'projects', 'conditions', 'place', 'momentum', 'state', 'weapons', 'operation', 'study', 'possibility', 'shares', 'provision', 'founders', 'shareholders', 'minimum', 'control', 'Subscribers', 'end', 'relationship', 'risk', 'head', 'number', 'goal', 'experience', 'site', 'feedback', 'evolution', 'former', 'topic', 'women', 'lemonde', 'publisher']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,lemonde.fr
13717,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/article/europe-grains/update-1-paris-wheat-lower-as-front-month-rally-unwinds-idUSL1N32K1FG,UPDATE 1-Paris wheat lower as front-month rally unwinds,Euronext wheat fell on Thursday as front-month futures reversed export-fuelled gains and an Egyptian import purchase reported by traders shifted attention back to competitive Black Sea supplies  dealers said.,(Adds closing price  Egypt purchase reported by traders)PARIS  Nov 24 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat fell on Thursday as front-month futures reversed export-fuelled gains and an Egyptian import purchase reported by traders shifted attention back to competitive Black Sea supplies  dealers said.March milling wheat  the most active position on Paris-based Euronext  settled down 1.3% at 315.00 euros ($327.76).Front-month December futures settled 1.8% lower at 321.25 euros a tonne.The contract earlier reached a one-week low as it moved further back from Tuesday’s two-week high of 341.25 euros.Chatter about heavy export demand from China for shipment in the coming weeks had fanned short-covering in the December futures earlier this week amid falling liquidity before next month’s expiry.Some participants had booked profits after the wide spread that had developed between December and March prices  according to dealers.Egypt’s state grains buyer  the General Authority for Supply Commodities  is believed to have bought wheat from Russia and Ukraine via private talks with suppliers  traders told Reuters.The news underscored competition from the Black Sea region as Russia ships a record harvest and the renewal of a wartime corridor deal allows Ukraine to continue sea exports.Traders were also looking ahead to large tenders from Pakistan and Turkey due to close next week  in which Russian wheat is again expected to be in contention.Volumes on Euronext were moderate  with a market closure in Chicago for the Thanksgiving holiday removing impetus.In Poland  physical prices dropped this week  despite reports of unusual sales of Polish wheat to the United States.“The weaker trend on Euronext coupled with more volumes of Ukrainian feed wheat and corn offered for sale pressured prices ” a Polish trader said.Export prices for Polish 12.5% protein wheat dropped 10 zlotys on the week to around 1 530 zlotys (325.6 euros) a tonne for December/January delivery to ports.“There is growing talk that least two consignments of high protein Polish wheat totalling about 80 000 tonnes were sold to Florida. Port loadings in Poland are also more active ” the trader added. ($1 = 0.9611 euros) (Reporting by Gus Trompiz in Paris and Michael Hogan in Hamburg Editing by Mark Potter),neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['front-month rally unwinds', '1-Paris wheat', 'UPDATE', 'competitive Black Sea supplies', 'high protein Polish wheat', 'Black Sea region', 'state grains buyer', 'wartime corridor deal', 'Egyptian import purchase', 'heavy export demand', 'Ukrainian feed wheat', 'March milling wheat', 'Front-month December futures', '12.5% protein wheat', 'two-week high', 'sea exports', 'front-month futures', 'March prices', 'Export prices', 'Russian wheat', 'closing price', 'Egypt purchase', 'export-fuelled gains', 'active position', 'coming weeks', 'falling liquidity', 'next month', 'wide spread', 'General Authority', 'Supply Commodities', 'private talks', 'record harvest', 'large tenders', 'market closure', 'Thanksgiving holiday', 'physical prices', 'unusual sales', 'United States', 'weaker trend', 'pressured prices', 'December/January delivery', 'growing talk', 'two consignments', 'Port loadings', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Michael Hogan', 'Mark Potter', 'Euronext wheat', 'Polish trader', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'traders', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'attention', 'dealers', '315.00 euros', '321.25 euros', 'contract', 'one-week', 'Tuesday', '341.25 euros', 'Chatter', 'China', 'shipment', 'short-covering', 'expiry', 'participants', 'profits', 'Ukraine', 'suppliers', 'news', 'competition', 'renewal', 'Pakistan', 'Turkey', 'contention', 'Volumes', 'Chicago', 'impetus', 'Poland', 'reports', 'corn', '10 zlotys', '1,530 zlotys', '5.6 euros', 'tonne', 'Florida', '0.9611 euros', 'Hamburg']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,reuters.com
13718,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-enters-agreement-sell-russian-124400925.html,VEON enters into agreement to sell its Russian operations,(NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that following a competitive process  it has entered into an agreement to sell VEON’s Russian operations to certain senior members of the management team of PJSC VimpelCom (“VimpelCom”) ,VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  Netherlands  24 November 2022 13:25 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that following a competitive process  it has entered into an agreement to sell VEON’s Russian operations to certain senior members of the management team of PJSC VimpelCom (“VimpelCom”)  led by its current CEO Aleksander Torbakhov.The management buy-out of VimpelCom implies an expected enterprise value of approximately RUB 370 billion  representing an expected enterprise value / 2022E EBITDA multiple of 3.2x. On a standalone basis  for the twelve months ended 30 September 2022  VimpelCom generated revenue of RUB 339 billion and EBITDA of RUB 115 billion.Under the agreement  VEON will receive total consideration of RUB 130 billion (approximately USD 2.1 billion1). It is expected that the total consideration will be paid primarily by VimpelCom taking on and discharging certain VEON Holdings B.V. debt  thus significantly deleveraging VEON’s balance sheet. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions  including receipt of requisite regulatory approvals  licenses from relevant government authorities and any required consent from VEON creditors. The target completion date for the transaction is on or before 1 June 2023  with options on both sides for extensions in case any required regulatory license has not yet been received.“After considering numerous options  I am confident that the agreed sale of VEON’s Russian operations to the VimpelCom management team represents an optimal solution for VEON  its Russian operations and the stakeholders of both companies  including customers  shareholders and creditors  as well as employees both in and outside of Russia. VEON is committed to ensuring the transaction is seamless for staff and customers in Russia  with no disruption to the services currently provided ” said Kaan Terzioğlu  CEO of VEON Group. “This transaction will be equity accretive  result in significant deleveraging of VEON’s balance sheet and will enhance VEON’s credit profile.”Story continuesAs part of the transaction  ownership of VEON’s Kazakhstan operations will be transferred to VEON Holdings B.V. and certain inter-company loans will be extinguished. This will ensure that VEON will continue to consolidate its Kazakhstan operations  with VEON Holdings B.V. taking direct ownership of the Group’s 75% stake in Kar-Tel  which operates under the Beeline brand.The agreement also includes a customary provision that enables VEON to benefit from a potential subsequent event  including a sale of VimpelCom at a higher valuation  for a period of 30 months following closing  and provides for typical termination rights in favor of VEON in case of a change in control of the buyer entity (JSC Kopernik-Invest 3). The agreement is governed by Russian law and provides for international dispute resolution.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .About JSC Kopernik-Invest 3JSC Kopernik-Invest 3 is a special purpose acquisition vehicle formed for this transaction to act as buyer under the acquisition agreement  and is 100% indirectly owned by the members of VimpelCom senior management which are participating in the transaction.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the transactions referred to above will be successfully completed or that requisite approvals for these transactions will be received. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact informationVEONGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levinapr@veon.comGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com1 USD/RUB rate of 60.5043  source: Central Bank of Russia FX rate as of 24 November 2022,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.19,0.71,True,English,"['Russian operations', 'VEON', 'agreement', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V. debt', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'special purpose acquisition vehicle', 'Group Director Investor Relations', 'VEON Group Communications Director', 'global digital operator', 'expected enterprise value', 'relevant government authorities', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'potential subsequent event', 'typical termination rights', 'international dispute resolution', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'target completion date', 'requisite regulatory approvals', 'customary closing conditions', 'VimpelCom management team', 'VimpelCom senior management', 'requisite approvals', 'regulatory license', 'customary provision', 'acquisition agreement', 'converged connectivity', 'competitive process', 'Russian operations', 'senior members', 'Aleksander Torbakhov', 'standalone basis', 'total consideration', 'balance sheet', 'optimal solution', 'significant deleveraging', 'credit profile', 'Kazakhstan operations', 'inter-company loans', 'Beeline brand', 'higher valuation', 'JSC Kopernik-Invest', 'Russian law', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'Nik Kershaw', 'online services', 'inside information', 'Contact information', 'PJSC VimpelCom', 'VEON Ltd', 'current CEO', '2022E EBITDA', 'twelve months', 'numerous options', 'direct ownership', 'buyer entity', 'unanticipated events', '200 million customers', 'press release', 'VEON creditors', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '30 months', 'Netherlands', 'NASDAQ', 'RUB', 'revenue', 'transaction', 'receipt', 'licenses', 'consent', '1 June', 'sides', 'extensions', 'case', 'sale', 'stakeholders', 'companies', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'staff', 'disruption', 'accretive', 'Story', 'part', '75% stake', 'Kar-Tel', 'period', 'favor', 'control', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances', 'dates', 'assurance', 'Elements', 'TUV', '3.2']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13719,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/teleperformance-enters-discussion-uni-global-074500951.html,Teleperformance Enters Into Discussion With UNI Global Union,Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that it has entered into discussions with UNI Global Union ,"PARIS  November 24  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that it has entered into discussions with UNI Global Union  a global union federation representing services workers in 150 countries.Both parties are currently working diligently with the aim to come rapidly to a global mutual agreement on labour rights. The targeted agreement would shape a global framework outlining the relationship between Teleperformance and UNI Global Union.************************About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Story continuesFor more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221123005525/en/ContactsFINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND INVESTORSInvestor relations and financialcommunication departmentTELEPERFORMANCETel: +33 1 53 83 59 15investor@teleperformance.comPRESS RELATIONSEuropeKarine Allouis – Laurent PoinsotIMAGE7Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70teleperformance@image7.frPRESS RELATIONSAmericas and Asia-PacificMark PfeifferTELEPERFORMANCETel: + 1 801-257-5811mark.pfeiffer@teleperformance.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.73,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['UNI Global Union', 'Teleperformance', 'Discussion', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'One Office support services model', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'citizen experience management', 'deferred settlement service', 'related digital services', 'UNI Global Union', 'global union federation', 'optimized business processes', 'financial communication department', 'global mutual agreement', 'successful customer interaction', 'Euronext Paris market', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'services workers', 'global leader', 'global framework', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'targeted agreement', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'outsourced customer', 'Regulatory News', 'labour rights', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'source version', 'Investor relations', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Karine Allouis', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Mark Pfeiffer', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Teleperformance shares', 'November', 'discussions', '150 countries', 'parties', 'aim', 'relationship', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', '420,000 employees', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'Simpler', 'Faster', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'Story', 'information', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'INVESTORS', 'IMAGE7', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', '53']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,yahoo.com
13720,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/voltalia-signs-350-megawatt-solar-070000004.html,Voltalia signs a 350 megawatt solar power supply contract with Renault Group to support its energy transition,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  has announced the signature with Renault Group of the largest renewable electricity supply contract (Corporate PPA1) ever signed in France.,"VoltaliaVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  has announced the signature with Renault Group of the largest renewable electricity supply contract (Corporate PPA1) ever signed in France.The contract covers a total capacity of 350 megawatts  representing the production of approximately 500 gigawatt hours per year. With a duration of 15 years  this is an unprecedented commitment in France in terms of power.Committed to the energy transition for more than 10 years  Renault Group has announced its intention to accelerate the decarbonisation of its plants in France. The agreement with Voltalia will enable Renault Group to cover up to 50% of the electricity consumption of the manufacturer's production activities in France in 2027  including the electricity consumption of Cléon  as well as all the sustainable electricity needs of the ElectriCity hub  Europe's largest and most competitive electric vehicle production centre  whose ambition is to produce 500 000 vehicles per year by 2025. With its Renaulution strategic plan  Renault Group confirms its commitment to achieving net zero carbon emissions from its ElectriCity hub plants in France by 2025  in Europe by 2030 and worldwide by 2050.Voltalia will install 100 megawatts of photovoltaic panels at its sites in France starting in 2025. The capacity made available to Renault by Voltalia will increase steadily over the following years  reaching a total of 350 megawatts by 2027.""Voltalia is proud to be a privileged partner in this new phase of Renault Group's Climate Plan and to actively contribute to its goal of net zero carbon for the plants of the ElectriCity hub. Voltalia's daily mission is to provide renewable  low-carbon and competitive electricity to reduce CO 2 emissions. We are delighted with this major partnership and it illustrates our ability to be a key player in green electricity solutions in France "" said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Story continuesNext on the agenda: Revenues Q4 2022  on January 25  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 450 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Loris DaougabelEmail: ldaougabel@actifin.fr T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement  a long-term contract for the supply of renewable electricity that directly links the producer  a power plant  to the final consumer of the electricity  a company.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.73,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['350 megawatt solar power supply contract', 'Renault Group', 'energy transition', 'Voltalia', 'competitive electric vehicle production centre', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'largest renewable electricity supply contract', '1 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'Renaulution strategic plan', 'sustainable electricity needs', 'green electricity solutions', 'renewable energy projects', 'ElectriCity hub plants', 'competitive electricity', 'CO 2 emissions', 'renewable energies', 'renewable, low-carbon', 'energy transition', 'Corporate PPA', 'long-term contract', 'production activities', 'Climate Plan', 'local production', 'power plant', 'corporate market', 'electricity consumption', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', '500 gigawatt hours', 'Cléon', 'photovoltaic panels', 'privileged partner', 'new phase', 'daily mission', 'major partnership', 'key player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'final consumer', 'Renault Group', 'generating capacity', 'regulated market', 'unprecedented commitment', 'investor clients', 'total capacity', 'following years', '15 years', '10 years', 'Voltalia', 'signature', 'France', '350 megawatts', 'duration', 'terms', 'intention', 'decarbonisation', 'manufacturer', 'Europe', 'ambition', '500,000 vehicles', '100 megawatts', 'sites', 'goal', 'ability', 'CEO', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Revenues', 'January', 'operation', 'construction', '2.4 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', '1,450 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'producer', 'company', 'Attachment', '2025', '2027']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,finance.yahoo.com
13721,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,With no more rigs in its fleet  UK player transferring to Euronext Growth Oslo https://t.co/bSYIBRu97E #drilling,nan,With no more rigs in its fleet  UK player transferring to Euronext Growth Oslo https://t.co/bSYIBRu97E #drilling,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Oslo', 'UK player', 'rigs', 'fleet', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'UK player', 'rigs', 'fleet']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13722,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@albertogboo is there any live.euronext for nyse and nasdaq cheers btw will use.2. $VOW gets 10% divy on 19 dec … https://t.co/PJxr23hbOp,nan,@albertogboo is there any live.euronext for nyse and nasdaq cheers btw will use.2. $VOW gets 10% divy on 19 dec … https://t.co/PJxr23hbOp,neutral,0.18,0.8,0.02,neutral,0.18,0.8,0.02,True,English,"['nasdaq cheers', 'albertogboo', 'live', 'euronext', 'nyse', 'btw', 'VOW', '10% divy', '19 dec', 'nasdaq cheers', 'albertogboo', 'live', 'euronext', 'nyse', 'btw', 'VOW', '10% divy', '19 dec']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13723,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@VivaTech @euronext @EmmanuelMacron @BrunoLeMaire @iledefrance Yes! Go 🇫🇷👏🏽,nan,@VivaTech @euronext @EmmanuelMacron @BrunoLeMaire @iledefrance Yes! Go 🇫🇷👏🏽,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['VivaTech', 'EmmanuelMacron', 'BrunoLeMaire', 'VivaTech', 'EmmanuelMacron', 'BrunoLeMaire']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13724,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,The French Government sets a target of 10 unicorns on the @euronext stock exchange by 2025 including two with a cap… https://t.co/AUdcd4dmtt,nan,The French Government sets a target of 10 unicorns on the @euronext stock exchange by 2025 including two with a cap… https://t.co/AUdcd4dmtt,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['The French Government', 'target', '10 unicorns', 'cap', 'AUdcd4dmtt', 'The French Government', 'target', '10 unicorns', 'cap', 'AUdcd4dmtt']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13725,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 698 45 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/vFnKfMBTTz,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 698 45 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/vFnKfMBTTz,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13726,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on November 24  07:44:00: VEON enters into agreement to sell its Rus… https://t.co/jrTh8w8uxf,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on November 24  07:44:00: VEON enters into agreement to sell its Rus… https://t.co/jrTh8w8uxf,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.02,True,English,"['Press Release', 'November', 'VEON', 'agreement', 'Press Release', 'November', 'VEON', 'agreement']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13727,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,With no more rigs in its fleet  UK player transferring to Euronext Growth Oslo - https://t.co/qPqbYo6UYe  -… https://t.co/gKXJgb5PgA,nan,With no more rigs in its fleet  UK player transferring to Euronext Growth Oslo - https://t.co/qPqbYo6UYe  -… https://t.co/gKXJgb5PgA,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Oslo', 'UK player', 'rigs', 'fleet', 'qPqbYo6UYe', 'gKXJgb5PgA', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'UK player', 'rigs', 'fleet', 'qPqbYo6UYe', 'gKXJgb5PgA']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13728,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on November 24  07:31:00: VEON announces launch of scheme of  arrang… https://t.co/XV2CliEMQ9,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on November 24  07:31:00: VEON announces launch of scheme of  arrang… https://t.co/XV2CliEMQ9,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Press Release', 'November', 'VEON', 'launch', 'scheme', 'XV2CliEMQ9', 'Press Release', 'November', 'VEON', 'launch', 'scheme', 'XV2CliEMQ9']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13729,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@StockZombie Oldest - Euronext  is greater than  listed in ParisNewest - Fusion fuel green  is greater than  listed Nasdaq,nan,@StockZombie Oldest - Euronext  is greater than  listed in ParisNewest - Fusion fuel green  is greater than  listed Nasdaq,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Fusion fuel green', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Nasdaq', 'Fusion fuel green', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Nasdaq']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
13730,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,✅ Air Liquide (EURONEXT)#AI💹 #TradingIdea:↘️Sell on the formation of a descending wave structure  where wave (A)… https://t.co/tKo4kqsFip,nan,✅ Air Liquide (EURONEXT)#AI💹 #TradingIdea:↘️Sell on the formation of a descending wave structure  where wave (A)… https://t.co/tKo4kqsFip,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['descending wave structure', '✅ Air Liquide', 'EURONEXT', 'formation', 'descending wave structure', '✅ Air Liquide', 'EURONEXT', 'formation']",2022-11-24,2022-11-24,Unknown
