UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
18317,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@innova_center The people of the Ukraine Clearstream don’t want russian invaders on their ground who rape their wom… https://t.co/FzDBrLy95o,nan,@innova_center The people of the Ukraine Clearstream don’t want russian invaders on their ground who rape their wom… https://t.co/FzDBrLy95o,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['russian invaders', 'people', 'Ukraine', 'Clearstream', 'ground', 'wom', 'FzDBrLy95o', 'russian invaders', 'people', 'Ukraine', 'Clearstream', 'ground', 'wom', 'FzDBrLy95o']",2023-02-12,2023-02-19,Unknown
18753,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@galeone_matteo equity options market maker on Euronext Amsterdam,nan,@galeone_matteo equity options market maker on Euronext Amsterdam,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['galeone_matteo equity options market maker', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'galeone_matteo equity options market maker', 'Euronext Amsterdam']",2023-02-17,2023-02-19,Unknown
18754,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/iv36LM98K9 #news #stocks,nan,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/iv36LM98K9 #news #stocks,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'news', 'stocks', 'Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'news', 'stocks']",2023-02-17,2023-02-19,Unknown
18772,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHERECYDES-PHARMA-118443693/news/Pherecydes-Pharma-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-43023198/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230218,Pherecydes Pharma : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   Not for distribution in the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  South Africa  or Italy.   Following the announcement of its proposed merger with Erytech    Pherecydes Pharma completes a €1.5 million capital increase   re…,"Not for distribution in the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  South Africa  or Italy. Following the announcement of its proposed merger with Erytech  Pherecydes Pharma completes a €1.5 million capital increase reserved to its historical shareholders This capital increase  fully subscribed by Auriga IV Bioseeds  Ouest Ventures III and the pool of shareholders represented by Guy Rigaud  historical shareholders of Pherecydes Pharma  is part of the proposed merger of Pherecydes Pharma into Erytech Pharma announced on February 15  2023 1The funds raised through this capital increase will provide Pherecydes Pharma with sufficient resources to finance its cash requirements until the end of H1 2023The subscription price is €2.09 per share  representing a discount of 21.4% on the last closing price Nantes  February 17  2023  10:30 pm CET - Pherecydes Pharma (FR0011651694 - ALPHE)  a biotechnology company specializing in precision phage therapy for the treatment of resistant and/or complicated bacterial infections (the ""Company"")  announced today the completion of the capital increase announced on February 15  2023 on the occasion of the announcement of its proposed merger with Erytech. The capital increase for a total amount of €1.5 million was fully subscribed by Auriga IV Bioseeds (represented by Elaia Partners)  Ouest Ventures III (represented by Go Capital) and the pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud  historical shareholders of Pherecydes Pharma of the Company. Purpose of the issue and use of proceeds The gross proceeds of the capital increase  amounting to €1.5 million  will be mainly used to finance the company's cash requirements until the completion of the merger  scheduled for June 30  2023 at the latest. Main characteristics of the capital increase The Board of Directors of Pherecydes Pharma  using the delegation of authority conferred on it by the fifth (5th) resolution of the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of December 15  2022 (capital increase with cancellation of preferential subscription rights for the benefit of categories of persons meeting specific characteristics) (the ""General Meeting"") and in accordance with articles L. 225-138 and subsequent of the French Commercial Code  decided on February 17  2023 to carry out a capital increase by issuing 717 702 new shares with a par value of one euro (€1) each (the ""New Shares"") on the basis of a price of €2.092 (the ""Capital Increase""). The subscription price represents a discount of 21.4% on the closing price as of February 17  2023. It is specified that the exchange ratio of the merger as announced in the press release of February 15  2023 (15 new Erytech Pharma shares for 4 Pherecydes Pharma shares) will not be subject to any adjustment due to the capital increase. It is specified that the subscription price of €2.09 represents a discount of 24.4% on the volume-weighted average of the Company's share price on the Euronext Growth Paris market over the last five (5) trading sessions 1/5Not for distribution in the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  South Africa  or Italy. The Auriga IV Bioseeds fund (represented by Elaia Partners)  the Ouest Ventures III fund (represented by Go Capital) and the pool of shareholders led by Mr. Guy Rigaud  historical shareholders and also members of the Board of Directors of the Company  will participate in the Capital Increase for a subscription amount of respectively €747 thousand  €512 thousand and €241 thousand representing the entire gross amount of the Capital Increase. It is specified that the subscribers who are also directors of the Board of Directors of Pherecydes Pharma did not take part in the vote of the Capital Increase at the Board of Directors' meeting held on February 17  2023. Following the settlement-delivery operations scheduled on February 22  2023  the share capital of Pherecydes Pharma will amount to 7 939 179 euros  divided into 7 939 179 shares. The New Shares will be assimilated to the existing shares of the Company and will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth market in Paris under ISIN number FR0011651694. Impact of the issue on the capital structure The New Shares represent 9.04% of the number of outstanding shares after the Capital Increase. Thus  a shareholder holding 1% of the issued capital before the operation will hold 0.91% of the capital after the operation. The table below details  to the best of the Company's knowledge  the changes in the structure of its share capital following  subject to its completion  the Capital Increase: Pre-capital increase Post-capital increase Shareholders (on a non-diluted basis) (on a non-diluted basis) Nb. % share capital Nb. % share capital shares shares ACE Management 1 384 564 19.17% 1 384 564 17.44% Elaia Partners 1 491 037 20.65% 1 848 357 23.28% Go Capital 1 023 103 14.17% 1 268 285 15.98% Pool GR(*) 484 645 6.71% 599 845 7.56% Other historical shareholders and 1 299 864 18.00% 1 299 864 16.37% management Free float 1 516 207 21.00% 1 516 207 19.10% Treasury shares(**) 22 057 0.31% 22 057 0.28% Total 7 221 477 100% 7 939 179 100% The ""Pool GR"" group is composed of individual shareholders  whether legal entities or individuals  who have entered into a concerted action agreement with each other  which has been brought to the Company's attention. Mr. Guy Rigaud  a member of the Company's Board  belongs to this group. Information as of December 31  2022 preceding the setting of the issue price (amounting to €2.765)  i.e. a discount of less than the maximum discount of 25% as provided for in the fifth (5th) resolution of the General Meeting. 2/5Not for distribution in the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  South Africa  or Italy. Information available to the public and risk factors The public's attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  presented in chapter 3 of the Company's information document  available free of charge on the Company's website (www.pherecydes-pharma.com)and on the Euronext website (www.euronext.com)  as updated in section 1.6 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report and in section 4 of the 2022 half-year financial report  available free of charge on the Company's website (www.pherecydes-pharma.com). The occurrence of some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on the Company's business  financial condition  results  development or prospects. With the exception of the risks specific to the transaction referred to above  the Company considers that there is no need to update the risk factors as referred to in chapter 3 of the information document as updated in section 1.6 of the 2021 annual financial report and in section 4 of the 2022 half-year financial report. Additionally  investors are invited to consider the following risks specific to this issue: (i) the market price of the Company's shares may fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued within the framework of the share capital increase  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares may fluctuate significantly  (iii) divestments of the Company's shares may take place on the market and have a negative effect on its share price  (iv) the Company's shareholders could suffer potentially significant dilution resulting from any future capital increases required to provide the Company with additional financing  and (v) as these shares are not intended to be listed on a regulated market  investors will not benefit from the guarantees associated with regulated markets. This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended  nor an offer to the public. About Pherecydes Pharma Founded in 2006  Pherecydes Pharma is a biotechnology company that develops treatments against resistant bacterial infections  responsible for many serious infections. The Company has developed an innovative approach  precision phage therapy  based on the use of phages  natural bacteria-killing viruses. Pherecydes Pharma is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which alone account for more than two thirds of hospital-acquired resistant infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Headquartered in Nantes  Pherecydes Pharma has a team of around twenty experts from the pharmaceutical industry  biotechnology sector and academic research. For more information  www.pherecydes-pharma.com Forward-looking statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release regarding future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  but are not limited to  statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target""  ""believe""  ""expect""  ""aim""  ""intend""  ""may""  ""forecast""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""will""  ""may have""  ""likely""  ""should""  ""expect""  and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's 3/5Not for distribution in the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  South Africa  or Italy. control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Contacts Pherecydes Pharma NewCap NewCap Thibaut du Fayet Dusan Oresansky / Nicolas Fossiez Arthur Rouillé CEO Investor Relations Media Relations investors@pherecydes- pherecydes@newcap.eu pherecydes@newcap.eu pharma.com T. : 01 44 71 94 92 T. : 01 44 71 00 15 Disclaimer This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy ordinary shares of the Company  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction. This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). In France  the transaction described above will take place solely as a reserved share capital increase to the benefit of categories of persons as set forth in the fifth (5th) resolution of the General Meeting pursuant to Article L.225-138 of the French Commercial Code and applicable rules and regulations. With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area (including France)  no action has been taken or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities referred to in this press release which would require the publication of a prospectus (pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation) in any Member State. This press release and the information it contains do not constitute an offer to sell  nor the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy  new ordinary shares in the United States or any other jurisdiction where restrictions may apply including notably the United States  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or Italy. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration thereunder. Pherecydes Pharma does not intend to conduct a public offering of new ordinary shares in the United States  or in any other jurisdiction. This communication is for distribution only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments (falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Financial Promotion Order"")  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2) of the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication refers is valid only as to Relevant Persons and will be binding only on Relevant Persons. Persons who are not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents. Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the new ordinary shares has led to the following conclusion  in relation to 4/5",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Pherecydes Pharma', 'Information', 'The Auriga IV Bioseeds fund', 'last five (5) trading sessions', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Nb. % share capital shares', 'precision phage therapy', 'complicated bacterial infections', 'fifth (5th) resolution', 'French Commercial Code', 'Ventures III fund', 'The New Shares', 'Mr. Guy Rigaud', 'preferential subscription rights', 'last closing price', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'entire gross amount', '€1.5 million capital increase', 'Other historical shareholders', '4 Pherecydes Pharma shares', '717,702 new shares', 'subscription amount', 'existing shares', 'outstanding shares', 'Treasury shares', 'total amount', 'share price', 'subscription price', 'Go Capital', 'Post-capital increase', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'sufficient resources', 'cash requirements', 'Elaia Partners', 'gross proceeds', 'Main characteristics', 'specific characteristics', 'par value', 'one euro', 'exchange ratio', 'press release', 'volume-weighted average', 'settlement-delivery operations', 'Free float', 'diluted basis', 'capital structure', ""Directors' meeting"", 'ISIN number', 'ACE Management', 'Erytech Pharma', 'Pool GR', 'biotechnology company', '7,939,179 shares', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Italy', 'announcement', 'merger', 'February', 'funds', 'end', 'H1', 'discount', 'Nantes', 'ALPHE', 'treatment', 'resistant', 'completion', 'occasion', 'Purpose', 'issue', 'use', 'June', 'Board', 'delegation', 'authority', 'December', 'cancellation', 'benefit', 'categories', 'persons', 'accordance', 'articles', 'adjustment', 'members', 'subscribers', 'vote', '7,939,179 euros', 'Impact', 'table', 'details', 'knowledge', 'changes', '10:30']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,marketscreener.com
18774,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4579351-galp-energia-promising-outlook-2023-will-support-stock-price,Galp Energia: A Promising Outlook For 2023 Will Support The Share Price (GLPEF),Galp Energia is the second largest oil-producing company on the Iberian peninsula  behind Repsol. Read more here.,mtcurado/iStock Unreleased via Getty ImagesIntroductionGalp Energia (OTCPK:GLPEF) (OTCPK:GLPEY) is a Portuguese integrated oil and gas company. It has a production rate of just over 100 000 barrels of oil-equivalent per day  owns a refinery and has recently been investing in renewable energy sources. The stock is still trading below the 15 EUR level it was trading at when I last discussed the company in 2019  despite just having completed a year with phenomenal oil prices which boosted the free cash flow result to almost 1.7B EUR  which is in excess of 2 EUR per share. 2023 likely won't be as strong as the oil prices have been trending lower  but in this article I'll explain why the official guidance for 2023 still makes Galp relatively appealing.Yahoo FinanceGalp's primary listing is on Euronext Lisbon where the stock is trading with GALP as its ticker symbol. There are currently approximately 815M shares outstanding after completing a 150M EUR share buyback program in 2022  resulting in a market capitalization of just over 9.8B EUR. As Galp has announced a 500M EUR share buyback  one could expect the share count to decrease by almost 5% this year  to less than 780M shares. The average daily volume in Lisbon is approximately 2.2 million shares.A look at the 2023 guidance reveals a high base case oil priceGalp's guidance for 2023 is pretty straightforward. The company anticipates an EBITDA of 3.2B EUR and an operating cash flow of 2.2B EUR this year  mainly thanks to another strong result in the upstream segment. Adjusting for the sale of the Angolan assets  Galp anticipates its upstream segment to generate north of 2B EUR in EBITDA and an operating cash flow of in excess of 1.1B EUR.Galp Energia Investor RelationsThe industrial and midstream assets will contribute about 550M EUR in EBITDA and operating cash flow  while the commercial segment will also contribute a few hundred million Euro. The renewables division should generate about 180M EUR in EBITDA and as such  will represent just over 5% of the anticipated consolidated EBITDA. So unlike its Iberian peer Repsol (OTCQX:REPYY) (OTCQX:REPYF)  Galp still is very fossil fuel heavy.What's interesting is that Galp is using a Brent oil price of US$85/barrel in its base case scenario and that's not really conservative. On the other hand  the company does use an EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.15 which is about 8% more conservative than the current FX rate which gets you 1.07 USD for every Euro. This also means that $85 Brent at a 1.15 conversion rate is just under 74 EUR per barrel while the current Brent oil price expressed in Euro is 79 EUR. So although $85 Brent optically looks pretty high  it's actually a slight discount to the current price when expressed in Euro.Galp also uses a refining margin of just $9/barrel. That's also pretty conservative given the strong fourth quarter on the refining side.Fortunately Galp also provided a sensitivity analysis. For every $5 difference in the Brent oil price  the operating cash flow will move by 85M EUR. So applying a Brent oil price of $70 would remove about 255M EUR from the operating cash flow  which would subsequently come in at approximately 1.95B EUR. And for every dollar difference in the refining margin  the operating cash flow will move by 65M EUR.Galp Energia Investor RelationsSo if we would apply $75 Brent  a $10 refining margin and an EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.10  the operating cash flow would be just 25M EUR lower than the base case scenario of 2.2B EUR. The main takeaway here is that the anticipated cash flows appear to be pretty robust.Investment thesisGalp Energia is often overlooked in the energy space. Repsol is by far the most important oil and gas company on the Iberian peninsula and Galp is for sure its smaller brother  but let's not neglect the Portuguese company. Even if the oil price doesn't come in at $85 Brent throughout the year  odds are Galp will still generate in excess of 2B EUR in operating cash flow. And considering the capex (including growth capex) is budgeted at - on average - 1B EUR for the years to come  I think it's okay to assume Galp will pretty consistently generate about 1B EUR in free cash flow per year. Keep in mind Galp only provides guidance on the 'net' capex  so it remains to be seen if we will see any divestments beyond the Angolan sale in the future.This represents approximately 1.35 EUR per share and although that doesn't make the stock look extremely attractive at first sight (its peers are trading at a higher free cash flow yield)  keep in mind this includes some serious investments in the renewable energy space where the company wants to almost triple its operating capacity by 2025.Galp Energia Investor RelationsGiven the strong balance sheet with a net debt of 1.56B EUR (excluding lease liabilities) and a TTM EBITDA of approximately 3.7B EUR (also excluding lease payments)  the debt ratio is just around 0.4. Even if one would apply the lower EBITDA of around 3B EUR in 2023 (the 3.2B EUR guidance minus the anticipated lease payments)  the net debt level will be just around 0.5 times EBITDA. That excludes the proceeds from the anticipated sale of the Angolan assets. Galp entered into an agreement to sell its Angolan upstream business for total net proceeds of 830M USD (on an after-tax basis) including $175M in contingent payments based on the Brent oil price. The US$655M upfront cash payment represents approximately 600M EUR and will further reduce the net debt to less than 1B EUR (of course subject to the pace of the 500M EUR share buyback this year). As the EBITDA guidance already assumes the sale of the Angolan assets  the debt ratio will thus drop below 0.35. This also makes Galp a pure play on Brazil.I'm encouraged by Galp's guidance so I will keep an eye on this company with renewed interest.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.2,0.42,True,English,"['Galp Energia', 'Promising Outlook', 'Share Price', 'The', 'GLPEF', 'higher free cash flow yield', '150M EUR share buyback program', 'high base case oil price', '500M EUR share buyback', 'free cash flow result', 'Galp Energia Investor Relations', 'current Brent oil price', 'base case scenario', 'operating cash flow', 'average daily volume', 'renewable energy sources', 'strong fourth quarter', 'strong balance sheet', 'EUR/USD exchange rate', 'current FX rate', 'Portuguese integrated oil', 'renewable energy space', 'Iberian peer Repsol', 'hundred million Euro', 'current price', 'strong result', '3.2B EUR guidance', 'cash flows', 'operating capacity', 'oil prices', 'important oil', 'production rate', 'share count', '1.15 conversion rate', '2.2 million shares', 'Iberian peninsula', '15 EUR level', '180M EUR', '1B EUR', 'Getty Images', 'Yahoo Finance', 'primary listing', 'ticker symbol', '815M shares', 'market capitalization', '780M shares', 'upstream segment', 'Angolan assets', 'midstream assets', 'commercial segment', 'renewables division', 'fossil fuel', 'other hand', 'slight discount', 'refining margin', 'refining side', 'sensitivity analysis', 'main takeaway', 'Investment thesis', 'smaller brother', 'first sight', 'serious investments', 'net debt', 'lease liabilities', 'lease payments', 'debt ratio', 'Portuguese company', 'growth capex', ""net' capex"", 'official guidance', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'dollar difference', 'Angolan sale', 'gas company', 'TTM EBITDA', 'lower EBITDA', '$75 Brent', '2 EUR', '1.35 EUR', '1.1B', '2023 guidance', '2.2B', '$5 difference', 'Introduction', 'GLPEF', '100,000 barrels', 'equivalent', 'day', 'refinery', 'stock', 'year', '1.7B', 'excess', 'article', '9.8B', 'less', 'look', 'industrial', 'REPYY', '85M', '255M', '1.95B', '65M', 'odds', 'mind', 'divestments', 'future', 'peers', '1.56B', '3.7B', '3B']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,seekingalpha.com
18788,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile weekhttps://t.co/Bw7r5gfenc,nan,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile weekhttps://t.co/Bw7r5gfenc,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.07,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.07,True,English,"['Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,Unknown
18790,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,The CAC 40  the benchmark stock market index for the 40 largest market caps on the Euronext Paris  Europe's second-… https://t.co/Ikt0cN8q0L,nan,The CAC 40  the benchmark stock market index for the 40 largest market caps on the Euronext Paris  Europe's second-… https://t.co/Ikt0cN8q0L,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['benchmark stock market index', '40 largest market caps', 'The CAC', 'Euronext Paris', 'Europe', 'benchmark stock market index', '40 largest market caps', 'The CAC', 'Euronext Paris', 'Europe']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,Unknown
18791,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@PointBlank_Algo 'Strage' how Euronext has decided to push the same narative and not do reports.This is becoming pathetic.,nan,@PointBlank_Algo 'Strage' how Euronext has decided to push the same narative and not do reports.This is becoming pathetic.,negative,0.0,0.0,0.99,negative,0.0,0.0,0.99,True,English,"['same narative', 'PointBlank', 'Euronext', 'reports', 'same narative', 'PointBlank', 'Euronext', 'reports']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,Unknown
18792,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Coredao_Org Euronext marks our total of 20 billion yuan? That's not the right number we need them to apologize,nan,@Coredao_Org Euronext marks our total of 20 billion yuan? That's not the right number we need them to apologize,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['20 billion yuan', 'right number', 'total', '20 billion yuan', 'right number', 'total']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,Unknown
18793,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4579778-vgi-partners-investor-letter-full-year-2022,VGI Partners Investor Letter - Full Year 2022,VGI Partners Global Investments Limited made available their 2022 Investor Letter recently. Click here to read the full fund letter.,"akinbostanci/iStock via Getty Images“Every recession brings out the sceptics who doubt that we will ever come out of it  and who predict that we will soon fall into a depression  when new cars will sit unsold in the showrooms forever and houses will stand empty  and the country will go bankrupt.” PETER LYNCHDear Fellow Investors For the twelve months ended 31 December 2022 (CY22)  VGI Partners Global Investments Limited (ASX:VG1) generated a net return of -22.3%.[1]Global equity markets experienced a challenging year in 2022  the S&P 500 declining -19% over the period  the NASDAQ Composite retreating -33% and the broader MSCI World Index falling -19%. Few asset classes delivered a positive return for the year  as heightened inflationary pressures  rising global interest rates and a horrific conflict on the European continent saw over US$25 trillion in value erased from global equity markets over the course of the calendar year.CY22 has been incredibly disappointing for VGI Partners. Since the inception of VG1’s portfolio in 2017  we have strived to provide our investors with access to a concentrated portfolio of high-quality businesses  with the ambition to grow our capital at 10-15% per annum. The careful protection of our invested capital base and constant vigilance in avoiding situations that lead to the permanent impairment of capital has been a critical component to this approach. Quite simply  we have not adequately executed on this in 2022.As a consequence  CY22 comfortably represents the largest annual drawdown the global strategy has experienced in a calendar year since its inception. We are profoundly aware that this has been a disappointing result  and one that we have obviously sought to learn extensively from as we look to restore both our return profile and our investors’ confidence over the period ahead.Pleasingly  the new year has started well  with the portfolio up +11% through to the 27th of January. However  we recognise that this is only a first step in recovering the CY22 drawdown for our investors.In this letter  we provide an update on the current positioning of the VG1 portfolio  a summary of recent changes and an overview of where we see opportunities to generate attractive returns on our capital over the 2023 year ahead. Additionally  we feel it important to reflect on a number of the missteps made during 2022  and the important lessons we have taken away from this in order to improve our processes over the years ahead.Before discussing the portfolio in more detail  we would also like to provide an update on recent corporate activities of relevance to VG1. As many investors would be aware  VGI Partners and Regal Funds Management merged on 3 June 2022  with the new combined entity renamed ‘Regal Partners’. The VGI Partners investment team continues to manage the VG1 portfolio  but is benefiting from access to Regal Funds Management’s operating infrastructure and investor relations team. Key VGI Partners investment staff continue to own substantial personal investments in VGI’s wholesale funds and VG1. The VG1 Board has also taken a number of steps to assist VG1 and its shareholders. This includes a refinement of the dividend policy in August 2022 – VG1’s new policy is to target a dividend of at least 4.5c each six months. This is in line with VG1’s recent profile  with VG1 paying two dividends during CY22 (4.5c in April 2022 and 4.5c in September 2022). In addition  VG1 has an active on-market share buy-back program  purchasing shares when they are trading at a discount to Net Tangible Assets. This not only provides greater on-market liquidity but can be highly accretive for shareholders. Over 56m shares  or approximately 14% of VG1’s shares  have been bought back since the program began. Post completion of the merger in early June 2022  we have seen VG1’s discount to Net Tangible Assets reduce from over 20% to around 15-16% currently. We look forward to providing more updates through future investor briefings and letters.Portfolio Thoughts & PositioningWe have always viewed the opportunity to manage our investors’ capital as a privilege  and we thank investors for their patience  support and encouragement over what has undoubtedly been a difficult year. While performance has been challenging  we remain highly confident that the deep fundamental investment approach taken by the VGI team  and our focus on identifying mispriced high-quality businesses  remains an attractive way to generate favourable risk-adjusted returns through the full market cycle. The team retains a high level of conviction in our core portfolio holdings  and pleasingly has taken advantage of share price weakness in a number of existing portfolio positions to progressively add exposure to incredibly high-quality businesses at what we perceive to be very attractive valuations. At writing  in the long portfolio we see  conservatively  about 30% potential upside to our estimate of fair value for the underlying stocks.As a reminder  VGI Partners seeks to build a concentrated portfolio for VG1 of under-appreciated  highquality businesses that operate within (or we believe will soon operate within) attractive industry verticals. These positions are offset by short positions in companies perceived to be encountering structural headwinds  business model weakness and/or accounting irregularities.While the concept of investing in ‘quality’ businesses has evolved in recent years to encompass an increasingly broad church  at VGI Partners  our preferred approach is to focus on businesses that we perceive as ‘covertly’ high-quality businesses  namely those which are initially ignored  under-appreciated  or disdained by the broader market consensus  and therefore tend to provide far more attractive opportunities from a valuation perspective versus more traditional (or ‘overtly’) higher-quality names. Of course  the drawback from owning covert high-quality businesses  at least initially  is that such holdings can make you stand out from the crowd  at times can make you look foolish  and can sporadically inject higher levels of volatility into a portfolio as the underlying value of these businesses is progressively appreciated by the broader market.In uncovering these covertly high-quality businesses  we look for companies that enjoy strong moats that protect the underlying business  and ideally moats that are expanding (or  at a minimum  remaining stable). We like businesses with the ability to allocate capital at attractive rates of return (that is  rates well in excess of the businesses’ own cost of capital)  those with a resilient business model or underlying customer base and those that enjoy growth optionality. Additionally  we spend significant time seeking to understand the underlying industry structures in which our companies operate  given our preference for investing in businesses with the ability to generate sustained economic profits  and not just accounting profits[2].While covertly high-quality businesses are our preference  we are equally happy to deploy capital into more overtly  or already well-appreciated  businesses during times when either depressed sentiment across the broader market provides us with an attractive opportunity to do so  or when one of these businesses experiences shorter-term setbacks in their business model or growth profile  leading to their share prices over-correcting to the downside  at least over the short term.The table below provides a snapshot of the top 10 holdings in VG1’s portfolio as at 31 December 2022 and represents a collection of what we believe to be high-quality  attractively-priced  global businesses with significant potential to meaningfully grow their earnings over many years ahead. Consistent with our concentrated approach  the top 10 long positions account for 68% of our total invested capital.Top 10 Long Investments as at 31 December 2022 % of Portfolio CME Group Inc. (CME) 12% Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) 12% Deutsche Börse AG (OTCPK:DBOEF) 7% Cie Financière Richemont SA 7% SAP SE (SAP) 7% Pinterest Inc. (PINS) 5% Française des Jeux (OTCPK:LFDJF) 5% Mastercard Inc. (MA) 5% The Walt Disney Co. (DIS) 4% Rheinmetall AG (OTCPK:RNMBF) 4% Click to enlargeSource: VGI Partners analysis. Click to enlargeRegular readers of our monthly reports will recognise a number of our existing longer-term positions in the above  in addition to more recent changes to the overall portfolio composition. US-listed derivatives and futures exchange operator CME Group was our largest investment position  closely followed by US technology and e-commerce conglomerate Amazon (an investment we first initiated in VGI’s global strategy in 2014). Both positions are discussed in more detail later in this letter. As a consequence of updated information and adjustments to our assessment of risk-reward  previously larger positions in multinational payments business Mastercard and Swiss-headquartered luxury watch and jewellery retailer Cie Financière Richemont have been reduced  while the portfolio has exited its position in Japanese-listed optical and precision technology manufacturer Olympus Corp. (OTCPK:OCPNF)More recent additions to the portfolio include German automotive and defence supplier Rheinmetall  US listed oil services business Schlumberger (SLB)  and diversified global entertainment group The Walt Disney Company. In the case of Disney  we saw an opportunity to invest in a more overtly high-quality business that has encountered a series of short-term setbacks. We feel this has provided us with a highly attractive entry price for a business that is a global leader in theme parks  hotels and cruise lines  operating with a well-established and growing competitive moat  and that has consistently delivered high returns on invested capital. Amazon arguably feels like it is also rapidly falling into this category  as the broader market’s disdain for the company’s core cloud infrastructure and e-commerce businesses grows  despite strong underlying fundamentals. We will discuss the investment thesis and upside potential from both these positions in greater detail later in this letter.By some margin  the greatest detractor to VG1’s portfolio returns was the rotation away from high-growth and tech-oriented businesses. The portfolio had high exposure to this thematic via holdings such as Amazon  Pinterest  Qualtrics (XM) and IAC  as well as the gradual re-purchase in the first half of 2022 of holdings in Spotify (SPOT) and Palantir (PLTR). These left the portfolio vulnerable as valuations compressed and investors rotated aggressively into more defensive and/or profitable businesses. In hindsight  the portfolio was over-exposed to these higher-growth and still maturing companies. However  as we have discussed before  we think many of these businesses will start to generate substantial profitability and free cashflows over the next few years (in fact  many of them already are) and still strongly believe in the underlying businesses mentioned above.In terms of FX  the portfolio remains fully hedged to Australia Dollars ((aud)). As we take an active view on the currency  we may move back to an unhedged or partially hedged position  but only when we believe there is a clear mispricing based on our fundamental analysis. Currently  we remain positive on the AUD because of the favourable position Australia finds itself in: endowed with plenty of commodities at a time when demand for these is growing rapidly given the global undersupply and underinvestment in commodity production experienced in recent years.Short SellingOur short portfolio was a positive contributor to returns in CY22  adding ~10% to portfolio returns. After an exceptionally challenging few years for short selling strategies  the abrupt conclusion of the cheap money era has rapidly refocused market participants toward company fundamentals and valuations and  in doing so  significantly widened the opportunity set for short sellers. The portfolio currently retains a higher short exposure than historically as a result  reflecting the increasingly attractive environment (particularly in more cyclical industries where we anticipate significant risks to earnings and margins over the period ahead).The largest short contributor in CY22 was a custom basket of higher-multiple  loss-making technology stocks – a position that we discussed in our semi-annual letter in July 2022. This basket consisted of businesses that carried  in our view  significantly challenged business models and lofty valuations  many of which subsequently experienced share price declines of 50-80% over the course of the year. While a successful outcome  we regret not leaning into this position in greater size. A secondary contributor to the short book was a basket of stocks focused on companies in the semiconductor sector  which we initiated in anticipation of the market eventually recognising that the sector is ultimately a cyclical industry and recent increases in capacity would lead to negative consequences for the industry. Again  this position was discussed in more detail in our letter of July 2022.Pleasingly  the portfolio also benefited this year from a number of single-stock shorts  including a position in Tesla (TSLA)  the well-known electric vehicle manufacturer that was experiencing a slowing in business momentum throughout the year as a result of pressures on consumer discretionary purchases  supply chain disruptions and increasing competition. We have expected for some time that the electric vehicle category would become more competitive  and more recently have begun to witness aggressive price cuts by manufacturers in an attempt to clear inventory  which is a negative trend for an industry that is only likely to see more competition over the coming years. The portfolio also benefited from a short position in a US-listed discount grocery store business  where investors were being pitched a large-scale store rollout story by senior management  albeit using forecasts that were extrapolating the temporarily favourable conditions into the long term and at a time when insider selling was rapidly accelerating. Both these short positions have now been profitably closed.Finally  our proprietary screens  which focus on identifying accounting red flags  have also displayed greater efficacy over the year  identifying a number of situations where weak cash conversion or evidence of inventory building have subsequently led to earnings downgrades and share price declines. This has been particularly prominent in the retail sector  where growing inventory problems have led to discounting and  in turn  margin compression. Additional focus has also been placed on the small pockets of the global economy that are still normalising post COVID-19  and where supply chain disruptions and/or volatility of input prices continue to create unsustainably high pricing increases  which  in some cases  are being assumed by the broader market as the ‘new normal’.OpportunitiesWhile technology has obviously been a key detractor from returns in CY22  we continue to believe the sector provides a number of compelling opportunities to buy excellent businesses with the ability to generate meaningful returns on capital over the years ahead. Enterprise software  for example  continues to remain a key focus for the team  given these businesses often display highly attractive economics  including predictable and recurring revenue streams  high levels of customer ‘stickiness’ (often due to the mission-critical nature of their use case) and long runways for growth in markets with low overall penetration.The broader malaise across the listed technology sector through 2022 drove a significant de-rating of valuations across the enterprise software sector  which has subsequently ignited a wave of merger and acquisitions (M&A) announcements through the second half of the year. The rapid emergence of M&A activity from large tech-orientated private equity firms in the listed sector (which typically seek to purchase businesses in the private markets prior to their underlying value being realised by public market investors) would likely suggest that private market valuations for quality  growing enterprise software businesses are  in many cases  now 75% to 100% above public market valuations  a sign that the capitulation in public markets has reached peak levels.On the completely opposite end of the spectrum from enterprise software  the defence sector is another area we have recently found equally appealing. We see structural growth after years of under-investment and the Ukraine conflict has acted as a massive catalyst for defence budget acceleration  particularly in Europe. Meanwhile  the Taiwan/China stand-off is accelerating the spend in the Asian region. Western armies are short on ammunition and other ordnances; for instance  Germany requires 10 years of ammunition purchases to simply meet minimum NATO requirements. This is one of the many reasons we have started building a position in Rheinmetall  a leading German defence business  which we discuss later in the letter. The shift to digital capabilities by military departments also bodes well for one of our other holdings  Palantir  whose core business revolves around supplying software solutions to Western government agencies and the military globally.Similar to enterprise software  we have seen acquisitions in the defence sector at significant premiums to public market valuations – one such example was Maxar Technologies (MAXR)  which received a private equity takeover proposal in December 2022 at a 129% premium to the last traded price. Again  this highlights the dislocation between public market prices and those that an informed  private buyer is prepared to pay given a 5-year view. We find this encouraging.In addition to defence  we have focused our efforts on other new sectors where we see structural growth  including energy and medical technology. The long-term outlook for energy looks highly attractive given many years of under-investment and more recently amplified by ESG constraints and corporate discipline. Although we reviewed commodity owners (where we leveraged the expertise of the Regal resources team)  we focused our efforts on the second derivative – the oil service companies. These are the picks-and shovels of the industry and arguably the highest-quality way to gain exposure. As a result  we invested in Schlumberger earlier this year and grew this to a circa 8% weight during the year (now circa 3%).Similarly  medical technology has been an area of ongoing focus. Olympus was sold during the year after generating an attractive return (briefly discussed later in the letter). In turn  this has led us to other opportunities in the sector. We are in the process of building two holdings in medical technology – companies that operate in highly consolidated industry structures  are mission-critical to customers and are exposed to attractive long-term structural growth drivers. We will be discussing these in more detail in future communications.Hidden Risks & SignpostsA large contributor to the significant drawdown in technology and growth stocks has been the growth in ‘cross-over’ funds over the last decade  particularly in the US. These funds (many of them household names in the growth hedge fund complex) have substantially grown their assets and  in turn  their allocations to completely illiquid Venture Capital (VC) investments. The rising interest rate environment and subsequent reassessment of growth asset valuations forced the ‘cross-over’ funds to cover redemptions by selling their listed investments. We believe that a number of the names in the VG1 portfolio have been caught up in this downdraft over the last 12 months. We are mindful that a further leg down in growth valuations could be led by a re-pricing of the illiquid VC investments within these portfolios. Whilst this has been a well-publicised dynamic  private equity funds may prove to be a hidden risk in the system.In fact  warning signs are developing in what is a completely unregulated segment of the financial markets with substantial amounts of hidden leverage and opaqueness. Private equity firms have been slow to take downward re-valuations. We see potential that 2023 reveals an avalanche of redemptions as negative returns are revealed to investors in private market or cross-over funds (which hold public equities and unlisted assets) over the next 3-6 months  triggering gates reminiscent of the Global Financial Crisis. Asset-liability mismatches are starting to become apparent and the canary in the coal mine looks like the Blackstone (BX) B-REIT situation (where Blackstone began to limit redemptions from its real estate trust after withdrawal requests spiked). Property-skewed funds and cross-over funds seem to be the most vulnerable. At writing  additional warning signs have come to our attention and we believe the amber lights are flashing and potentially are about to turn red.In meetings with investors over the last six months  we have said that the signposts that we are closer to an equity market bottom would include the reveal of a large fraud as well as a sell-off in Tesla  the retail investor poster-boy. We have seen the collapse of FTX  a large crypto company  and evidence that it is an outright fraud  along with a severe unwind in the Tesla share price (where we fortunately had a short position during CY22; since closed). Interestingly  FTX ranks as the fourth largest corporate failure in history by market cap. We are yet to see signs of outright capitulation and fear amongst investors  which will likely be the final stage  nor have we seen central banks globally meaningfully withdraw liquidity from the system.Pressures are also building for consumers globally. Looking at the US as an example  the household consumption picture prima facie remains healthy  but digging below the surface there are worrying signs. Inflationary pressures are squeezing consumer budgets and consumers have been forced to lean into excess savings or  even worse  take on credit card debt to fund consumption (US credit card debt is growing at the fastest pace in a decade  while the savings rate for US households is near all-time lows). Households are also facing pressure from the higher cost of debt  which is feeding through into collapsing demand for large-ticket items  such as new homes and new auto purchases. These are the largest assets for the average household  and both home and used car prices have been under severe pressure. Consumers are being hit from all sides but job losses have yet to become widespread. We are therefore keeping a close eye on the general consumer environment with all the pressures that are building.MistakesWe constantly assess and review our past investments  aiming to improve our decision-making going forward. For every investment  we like to conduct a pre-mortem review (to identify risks and how an investment can go wrong when we first make the investment) and then a post-mortem review to understand the extent to which our investment thesis did or did not play out after the fact  with an emphasis on identifying mistakes and learning from these. We think this is a critical process so that we can improve and avoid repeating errors going forward.As previously highlighted  our high exposure to technology  high-growth oriented businesses drove the bulk of our underperformance in CY22. One key mistake we made was with Qualtrics (XM)  which was the second largest detractor in the year. With the benefit of hindsight  we over-estimated the company’s growth profile and overpaid for the business. We assumed the category would be more resilient even in an environment where customers are scrutinising IT budgets and we failed to change our mind when growth began to disappoint. Our valuation approach was also overly reliant on long-term free cashflows – because we like to think about businesses with a long-term mindset – but we did not pay enough attention to near-term valuations and expectations. Lastly  we were insufficiently critical when XM announced a large acquisition at the peak of the software bubble in mid-2021  as this was a potential sign that the outlook for XM’s core business had deteriorated.The big lesson that we draw from our XM investment is one of sizing – given the wide range of outcomes  this should have been reflected through a smaller-sized investment. We continue to own XM today as the valuation and expectations have been reset  and XM remains the undisputed leader in an emerging  mission-critical software category with a long growth runway. This view has been substantiated by our conversations with customers at the XM Innovation Sydney event in November 2022 and recent CIO surveys affirming XM’s pole position amongst emerging software vendors. In recent days  SAP have announced a strategic review of its XM stake  removing a key overhang for the stock and increasing the probability that XM will trade more in line with peers or be acquired.IAC was another key detractor during the year  as we made the mistake of holding onto our investment for too long. A key part of our original IAC thesis was underpinned by a near-term catalyst in the form of an upcoming spin-off (Vimeo) providing a chance to crystallise value and for the business to narrow the discount to its sum-of-the-parts. While this thesis played out  we then held onto our IAC investment  thinking the business continued to trade at a meaningful discount to the value of the assets it owned. We failed to appreciate that IAC was entering a ‘re-build’ stage and  given the lack of upcoming spin-offs  would continue to trade at a deep discount to the value of its net assets.In addition  IAC undertook a meaningful acquisition (Meredith)  which is a business complementary to one of its existing assets (Dotdash). This increased IAC’s exposure to the advertising market (Dotdash & Meredith generate all revenues through advertising) at a time when the ad market was starting to slow. We made the mistake of not realising quickly enough that the integration of the two businesses was taking longer and facing some hiccups  which  in turn  caused management to delay its financial targets. One of IAC’s other businesses  Angi  similarly faced issues with its strategic direction  leading to management changes and the IAC CEO having to step in to turn around the business. Overall  a key mistake we made was failing to appreciate that investments relying on sum-of-the-parts valuations tend to perform poorly in weaker market conditions when investors demand a larger discount versus the net asset value – unless there is a clear path to unlock value (e.g. through a spin-off). We continue to own IAC as we believe that the management team are now addressing the recent issues appropriately and that their actions can assist with closing the large discount to net assets over time.As we mentioned at the start  we have gone through an extensive process of scrutinising all of our key positions and re-underwriting assumptions. We feel excited about our current portfolio but acknowledge the need to remain mentally flexible to avoid mistakes and to change our mind quickly when we think our investment thesis is drifting.Portfolio UpdateBelow we provide an update on some of our key holdings.CME (~12% weighting)CME is a business likely familiar to you  being one we have owned in our global strategy since 2008 and which was our largest VG1 position at the end of 2022.CME operates futures and derivatives exchanges  including the Chicago Mercantile Exchange  the New York Mercantile Exchange  the Chicago Board of Trade  and the Dow Jones Index Services. On top of this  CME also owns other key assets related to foreign exchange trading & infrastructure and a strategic shareholding in Standard & Poor’s (S&P) Index business.The key driver of trading activity for CME is in its interest rate derivatives products  where it has an effective monopoly in the exchange trading of interest rate derivatives in the United States  with benchmark products across the entirety of the interest rate curve. Demand for interest rate derivatives is driven by volatility in interest rate markets  whose effect is compounded by the number of bonds held by those looking to manage interest rate risk and  by extension  market liquidity. The below chart of average daily volumes of interest rate derivatives and US Federal debt held by the public illustrates the extremely strong relationship the size of the US Treasury market and volumes growth  although there are deviations around this primarily around Fed intervention (for example  at the start of the pandemic  volumes were suppressed by an enormous amount of Quantitative Easing (QE) and effectively zero interest rates which reduced the demand for hedging products). We expect the growth in the size of the US Treasury market  particularly in relation to privately held US treasuries as the Fed undergoes a balance sheet unwind  to remain a powerful underpinning of CME’s interest rate derivatives business.Size of the US Federal Debt Held by the Public vs Average Daily Volume of CME Interest Rate ContractsSource: CME Group  Congressional Budget Office.As such  we are high conviction that the reversal of QE and the normalisation of bond market conditions will provide a significant tailwind for CME’s trading activity in the near term  while its net interest margin should benefit from greater investment income on margin collateral. Other derivatives complexes  including equity and energy  are likely to also benefit from a normalisation of market conditions and we note that incremental futures contracts generate an extremely high drop-through rate to cash earnings due to CME’s strong operating leverage as a primarily digital platform. As a result  we believe current conditions are highly favourable for CME’s interest rate derivatives business  other derivatives complexes and net interest margin and we see substantial upside risk to consensus earnings and free cashflow estimates.At writing  CME is trading at a CY23 PE of 20x  free cashflow yield of 6% and dividend yield of 5%.Amazon (~12% weighting)Amazon is a dominant player in e-commerce (#1 globally)  cloud computing (#1 globally)  and digital advertising (#3 globally)  all massive and structurally growing end markets. Amazon’s share price declined nearly 50% in calendar 2022 due to a myriad of macro and company-specific headwinds  including slowing economic growth  rising inflation  tighter monetary policy  and substantial overinvestment. Free cashflow turned deeply negative. We are disappointed  to say the least. Nevertheless  the investment case for Amazon today is remarkably compelling. Market expectations have been reset  the valuation is extremely attractive  and management is intent on improving profitability and reducing capital intensity. Amazon remains a high conviction holding and we are incredibly excited by its prospects.For the past year  the market has been concerned about the growth and profit outlook for its e-commerce business  which is presently loss-making due to overinvestment and cost inflation. Management has responded by laying off more than 18 000 employees — the biggest reduction in Amazon’s history. Beyond the reduction in force  Amazon has frozen hiring in its e-commerce and corporate divisions  cancelled or delayed warehouse openings  raised prices on a variety of products (including Prime memberships)  eliminated several unprofitable lines of business and seeded new ones (e.g. Buy with Prime) to fill excess capacity. (Amazon doubled the size of its e-commerce footprint over 2020-2021.) Buy with Prime has been shown to increase shopper conversion by 25% on average and is now widely available to US-based merchants.Looking past the short-term headwinds  we are highly optimistic about the trajectory of the e-commerce business. Whilst logistics investments have led to short-term losses  they have strengthened the competitive moat of the e-commerce business and its ability to meet customer demand for years to come. E-commerce is a highly valuable business which has spawned the 3rd largest advertising business in the world (the best search results in the world for advertisers are those of Amazon customers) and a subscription business (Amazon Prime) which acts as a powerful flywheel to e-commerce and other business lines such as devices  streaming video/music and soon satellite broadband (via Amazon’s Kuiper business). We think the market is overly pessimistic about the prospects for e-commerce (inclusive of advertising) and underwrite scenarios where we estimate the e-commerce business alone is worth more than US$60 per share.As we wrote last year  we reiterate our view that Amazon’s current share price is more than underpinned by its Amazon Web Services (AWS) business alone. Cloud computing remains in the early stages of growth  with customers across the industry only around 30% through the migration of their workloads from onpremise infrastructure to the cloud  based on commentary from industry experts  key corporates and Chief Technology Officers. Until recently  cloud spending has been largely resilient amidst macro headwinds. This changed last result when all three hyper-scalers warned of a slowdown in growth as enterprises scrutinise technology budgets. Indeed  Amazon is proactively working with its customers to cost-optimise  which will have a negative impact on short-term sales growth but is the prudent long-term business decision. As a result  we forecast AWS growth to slow further in 2023 before re-accelerating in 2024. The long-term revenue growth profile of AWS remains robust  and sustainable operating margins have the potential to exceed 40% given a concentrated industry structure  AWS scale advantages  and a mix shift toward value-added software.As we look to the future  Amazon’s focus on improving operating efficiencies  reducing working capital  and lowering capital expenditures should result in an exponential increase in free cashflow and shareholder value. We forecast a return to positive free cashflow in 2023. By 2025  we expect free cashflow to exceed US$70 billion  representing a growing 8% free cashflow yield  which we consider incredibly attractive for an asset of this quality.Deutsche Börse (~7% weighting)On the back of recent purchases and relative share price performance  Deutsche Börse (DB1) has grown to the portfolio’s third largest position. DB1 is a well-diversified exchange group whose activities touch most aspects of European capital markets  offering a blend of transactional and non-transactional revenue exposure. It provides trading  clearing  pre/post-trading and data & analytic services in four key operating segments: Trading & Clearing  Fund Services  Security Services and Data & Analytics.The transactional side of the business  like CME  has strong structural tailwinds as artificial depression of policy rates by central banks coupled with QE in the Eurozone begin to reverse and DB1’s Trading & Clearing businesses (including Europe’s largest derivatives exchange Eurex) benefit from a larger hedging market and continued macro volatility. Current uncertainty also benefits its EEX business (the dominant venue for power trading in Europe)  which is poised to grow as tension in European energy markets  and the ongoing structural shift in electricity generation to renewables  continues to support trading activity. As per CME  DB1 operates a digital platform which enables an extremely high drop through to cash earnings from each incremental dollar of trading revenue.On the other side  Clearstream is the keystone to DB1’s non-transactional revenue stream  with over US$13.5trn of securities in custody (including around 40% of Eurobonds in issue and 100% of all issued securities in Germany). Because of the size and stickiness of Eurobond custody assets  much of Clearstream’s revenue base is highly stable and the rising rate backdrop acts as a strong tailwind for net interest margin earnings (as greater collateral margin requirements  coupled with increased yields  produces powerful earnings potential for the group); this had previously been a source of downgrades during 2019-21. Moreover  we expect the acquisition of ISS within the Data & Analytics segment to drive long-term non-transactional revenues by expanding the scope and quality of DB1's ESG offering as demand for ESG products continues to accelerate.Despite these strong tailwinds and solid execution over the last year  DB1 trades at a discount relative to peers and below our fair valuation. We view this as unjustified given the quality of earnings and organic growth potential. At writing  DB1 is trading on a CY23 free cashflow yield of 6%  PE of 16x and a dividend yield of 3%.Richemont (~7% weighting)Richemont is a position we have written extensively about since 2019. It remains a Top 10 holding and the business continued to perform strongly during 2022.Demand for high-end luxury has proved sustainable thus far  as the top 1% of households by net worth continue to spend more on luxury items such as jewellery  watches and handbags. Richemont’s super luxury jewellery brands  Cartier and Van Cleef & Arpels  are the crown jewels of the group’s portfolio of brands; these account for the majority of Richemont’s profitability and  consistent with our investment thesis  have posted accelerating revenue growth in recent periods.Geographically  the highlight has been Europe  where growth was led by strong local demand and the resumption of inbound tourism from the US and Middle East. Asia Pacific was weaker during 2022 because of the store closures in mainland China and Macau due to the enforcement of the zero-COVID policy in China. However  given China’s recent reopening under less stringent COVID policies  we expect Chinese demand to rebound and turn into a tailwind this year (note that this has already started to be reflected in expectations with a 17% re-rate over the last few weeks).One of the reasons we have long admired and invested in super-luxury businesses is their pricing power. Higher prices add to the allure of luxury products while simultaneously creating exclusivity. Encouragingly  during 2022  Richemont raised prices on key brands such as Cartier and Van Cleef and across multiple geographies  a trend which we expect to continue going forward. Financially  price increases are highly attractive as the revenue delta drops straight through to the bottom line. This  alongside operating leverage  has allowed Richemont to expand margins.During 2022  Richemont reached an agreement to sell its online operations  YNAP  to Farfetch  the leading luxury e-commerce retailer. The disposal of YNAP has been a key part of our CFR investment thesis  as we believed this was a distraction for management and masked underlying profitability. This has simplified the story for investors: the deal will allow Richemont to retain upside on the equity of both YNAP and Farfetch and allow management to focus wholly on running Richemont’s core business.We have recently started to reduce our portfolio weighting in Richemont. The recent share price increase is reducing the risk-reward profile and we think this is the best of times for luxury goods companies.SAP (~7% weighting)SAP is in the midst of a multi-year transition of its business to the cloud which continues to gain momentum. We attribute much of its success – which has not been without challenges and setbacks – to the strategy initiated by Christian Klein after he became sole CEO in mid-2020  in particular “RISE with SAP.” Launched in January 2021  RISE is a commercial construct to migrate customers onto SAP cloud products such as S/4HANA Cloud (Cloud ERP) and SAP’s Business Technology Platform (BTP).Late last year  we travelled to Germany and met with SAP management to learn more about BTP specifically. The platform offers data and application services which customers and partners can use to integrate SAP and non-SAP applications  in effect a “digital core” with powerful flywheel effects. It is foundational to SAP’s RISE offering with 80% of customers adopting the platform. The BTP business has a sales run rate exceeding €1.5 billion with high margins and we expect it to grow substantially over the next few years.SAP’s cloud transition has resulted in some one-time and duplicative costs (infrastructure  R&D and sales)  resulting in a circa €200 million lower operating profit in 2022 versus 2019  despite circa €3 billion higher sales. Having studied these transitions  we believe the shift is camouflaging the underlying earnings power of what will be higher quality earnings (>80% recurring revenue). We expect the one-time and duplicative costs will dissipate from 2023 onwards  resulting in positive operating leverage and sustainable double-digit operating profit growth.Recent results from SAP have been mostly supportive of our thesis with leading indicators  specifically Current Cloud Backlog  accelerating despite macroeconomic uncertainties. The BTP flywheel has improved integration between SAP’s cloud modules (SuccessFactors  Concur  etc.) and S/4HANA  leading to improved cross-sell/upsell rates. Recent results from back-office software peers Oracle and Workday have also been resilient.SAP’s moat is stable-to-growing and the business is well-positioned in many of the world’s largest corporations as an essential component of their IT operating platform. Our field trip to Germany gave us incremental confidence that the strategy is gaining traction following a painful period of transition. We also view the appointment of a new CFO  Dominik Asam  who joins in March from Airbus and has a solid reputation  as one of the many positive catalysts building in the business.Given the cloud transition and some execution missteps  SAP trades at a meaningful discount to fair value. Earnings are poised to accelerate as they execute on the cloud transition. In our view  a more meaningful reflection of the company’s earnings power requires looking out to at least 2025  with SAP trading at a 6% free cashflow yield and a 15.5x PER on our forecasts.New LONG Position: Walt Disney Co. (~4% weighting)The Walt Disney Company is a diversified media conglomerate operating media networks  theme parks  film and TV studios and direct-to-consumer streaming services. It is the global leader in theme parks with hotels and cruise lines aimed at families. Key assets within Disney are the instantly recognisable entertainment franchises that have multiple avenues of monetisation such as Mickey Mouse  Star Wars  ABC and Marvel’s Avengers.Disney’s share price declined due to a number of factors in 2022  presenting us the chance to purchase a long-admired business and its unique collection of valuable intellectual property assets at what we consider to be a very attractive valuation. Summarily  the EPS of Disney has declined from US$7 in 2018 to ~US$2.60 in 2022 but we believe that the earnings power of the assets has not diminished to anywhere near this extent.Disney is currently undergoing a business transition within the Media and Entertainment Distribution division (DMED) from traditional media property distribution via third parties (i.e. cinemas and broadcast networks) to a Direct-To-Consumer (DTC) model via the Disney+ streaming service. A key element of our thesis is that the earnings power of the company is currently being masked by the marketing and content investments within Disney+ and that this will normalise over the next several years. To put this in perspective  Disney+ (DTC sub-segment) currently generates operating losses of over US$3.3bn (a negative 14% operating margin) compared to operating margins at its nearest streaming competitor  Netflix  of +15.5%.A secondary concern around Disney has been the CEO leadership transition from Bob Iger to Bob Chapek that occurred in February 2020. As well documented in the media  the changes that Bob Chapek made to the organisational structure of the business affecting the creative output at Disney did not resonate with senior executives nor investors and he was ultimately removed by the board. Hollywood loves a sequel – Bob Iger was sensationally reinstated to the CEO role in November of 2022. During his original tenure as CEO  Mr Iger was a well-respected leader  overseeing successful acquisitions of Pixar  Marvel Entertainment and Lucasfilm. We view the board actions as supportive of long-term shareholder value creation as Mr Iger seeks to unify the executive team and navigate the company through the current challenges.The resilient cashflows of the Disney components have allowed it to invest heavily in the DTC content space and give the management team the necessary flexibility to prove out the earnings power of the business. In this context  it would be remiss of us to not discuss the Parks  Experiences and Products division (PEP) of Disney  which makes up 35% of revenue and 49% of operating profits (ex DTC losses) but has been overlooked recently given the intense focus on the media business. PEP is a solid business  with the opportunity to invest alongside the core franchises in a ‘flywheel’ of value creation (i.e. Star Wars and Avengers attractions at Parks). After suffering as a result of COVID  the business has bounced back remarkably well  with operating profit now 8% above the FY19 level. Further upside will come from the full re-opening of International Parks – prior to COVID these represented 10% of operating profit of the division. Contrary to conventional wisdom  Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) in this business is estimated at 18% and there is further opportunity to invest material amounts of capital at high rates of return.When we built our stake  Disney was trading at more than a 35% discount to fair value  and we could underwrite the valuation if the streaming business simply broke even. On our FY26 estimates  Disney is trading on a 7% FCFF (free cashflow) yield  despite profitability still being depressed and continuing to reinvest aggressively as highlighted. Using conservative profitability assumptions  we expect the stock to re-rate back to a 4-5% free cashflow yield in FY26.Walt Disney (DIS) DTC Operating Profit and FCFF YieldSource: Company filings  VGI Partners analysis.New LONG Position: Rheinmetall AG (~4% weighting)Increased geopolitical tensions in 2022 have created a renewed willingness by nations to invest in defence capabilities and energy security. Whilst not traditionally an area of focus for VGI  team members have been conscious of this theme and on the lookout for any investment opportunities that may arise as a result. The return of travel in a post-COVID world enabled several members of the team to get back on the road and do one thing we love as part of the investing process – meet in-person with management teams and extensively tour company facilities. After several preliminary calls  we were able to meet with Rheinmetall management in person in late 2022 and came away impressed with the management team and their shareholder alignment  with incentive compensation linked to Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) and operating cashflow  unique in the European market.Rheinmetall is an international systems provider for defence products  with regional leadership positions in weapons and ammunition  vehicle systems and electronic solutions. There are a number of elements to the moat of the business: a) the currently approved production facilities in a highly sensitive areas (air defence systems  weapons and vehicle systems) where barriers to entry are high  b) technological capabilities and c) relationships with key customers.The conflict in Ukraine has provided the catalyst for a significant renewal of defence capabilities across the European region  with NATO signatories having committed to significantly increase their spending after a long period of material under-investment; Rheinmetall will grow with these commitments. The current war is seeing supplies rapidly diminish through direct/indirect transfers and it is estimated that 10 years could be required to replenish German stocks to NATO commitment levels in Rheinmetall’s ‘home’ market. In light of this  the German government has increased its defence spending commitment to 2% of GDP and established a 100bn euro special fund. New members have joined NATO and other countries have also committed larger percentages of budget spending to defence (Spain and Italy: 1.4% to 2%; UK: 2.2% to 3%). These commitments provide a strong multi-year tailwind to the Rheinmetall business.Over the last several years  Rheinmetall has been undergoing a portfolio transformation process as it seeks to become a pure play defence technology business. Traditionally  the business has had a large exposure to Auto Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) customers (and Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) vehicles in particular) with ~50% of the revenue and operating profits in the business coming from the auto division in 2018. Whilst the company has made investments to capture component revenue from EVs  their exposure to the ICE supply chain has been a drag on the trading multiple and sentiment. Recent portfolio management activities have created a ‘cleaner’ business with higher expected ROIC. Disposal of the pistons unit removes automotive revenue exposure and we project that  following a shrewd recent acquisition in the ammunition space (Expal)  by FY25 ~70% of sales and over 80% of profits will come from the defence division.Rheinmetall Sales and EBITSource: Company filings  VGI Partners analysis.From a valuation perspective  we believe that there are a number of areas supporting valuation. Rheinmetall has a strong history of dividend payments  with dividends increasing at an 18% CAGR from FY17-22. At the FY22 Investor Day  Rheinmetall committed to increasing the dividend payout ratio from 35% to 40% – at expected FY25 dividend of 7.5 per share and assuming the business trades in line with historical dividend yields  we believe the shares are trading at a more than 20% discount to fair value. Historically Rheinmetall has traded in a range of 5x-7x EV/EBITDA – with a chance to re-rate to 6x-8x EV/EBITDA on a significantly higher earnings base.European defence names generally trade at a significant discount to their US peers  but with such strong budgetary commitments  we see optionality here for a re-rate. The US defence landscape re-rated post a budgetary change from 2011-2020. The French defence budget markedly increased post the annexation of Crimea by Russia in 2014  providing a tailwind to Thales.Potential risks here stem from the lumpiness of defence sector contracts – indeed we have already seen during our ownership period a delay in several contract awards  but we view these as short-term setbacks vs the longer arc of renewed defence spending in Europe. Further risks are in the relationship with key customers  such as the German government  highlighted by a recent issue with PUMA tanks malfunctioning in live fire exercises. Any export controls would also be a cause of concern given the business has 35% ex Europe revenue exposure and cause us to review the investment thesis.Exited Position: Olympus (~8% weighting)We flagged in our last investor letter that we had started reducing our holding in Olympus  the global leader in the manufacturing of gastrointestinal endoscopes. Since then  we have completely exited the position after generating an attractive return on our investment (the stock compounded at ~18% p.a. during our holding period). We took the view that Olympus had reached a close-to-fair valuation and we saw less scope for further margin improvement in the near term following the restructuring programs already instituted by management. The stock has fallen by 20% since our sale and we are continuing to follow it closely in case we see an opportunity to re-initiate a position. Given the appeal of the healthcare industry  where there are a number of high-quality businesses with durable moats and attractive growth opportunities  we have already found better uses of capital and started building stakes in two other healthcare businesses.In ClosingRecent returns have been truly disappointing and  in our opinion  not representative of our team’s collective efforts nor the underlying quality of the portfolio we hold  which we strongly believe is materially under-valued.Since VGI Partners’ establishment in 2008  we have been entirely focused on managing our portfolio. Our commitment is to preserve and grow our collective capital over the long term  regardless of the market environment  by owning a portfolio of high-quality businesses which have been purchased with a margin of safety coupled with a series of businesses that have utterly under-appreciated or subject to camouflaged quality characteristics ignored by the crowd.When we have made errors in the past  we have learnt from them and kept moving forward. Our performance in 2022 has generated much self-reflection and self-assessment. We can do better and we will do better.To be clear  we cannot eliminate short-term volatility from our returns; however  we are more confident than ever that our process and investment philosophy position our portfolio to produce attractive returns over the long term and through the cycle.We are very grateful that we have long-term oriented investors who entrust us with their capital. Thank you for your ongoing support and investment with VGI Partners Global Investments Limited.Yours faithfully VGI Partners[1] Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. [2] Economic profits are the profits a business generates in excess of its cost of capital  versus accounting profits that can be easily (and often) manipulated by accounting shenanigans. In our experience  long-term  sustained economic profits are typically generated by businesses that operate within favourable or concentrated industry structures  or those with unique business attributes  such as elevated network effects  patents  density economics or special licences. Click to enlargeDisclaimer This newsletter is provided by Regal Partners Marketing Services Pty Ltd (ACN 637 448 072) (Regal Partners Marketing)  a corporate authorised representative of Attunga Capital Pty Ltd (ABN 96 117 683 093) (AFSL 297385) (Attunga). Regal Partners Marketing and Attunga are businesses of Regal Partners Limited (ABN 33 129 188 450) (together  referred to as Regal Partners). The Regal Partners Marketing Financial Services Guide can be found on the Regal Partners Limited website or is available on request. VGI Partners  is a business of Regal Partners Limited  which is the investment manager of VGI Partners Global Investments Limited (VG1). The information in this document (Information) has been prepared for general information purposes only and without taking into account any recipient’s investment objectives  financial situation or particular circumstances (including financial and taxation position). The Information does not (and does not intend to) contain a recommendation or statement of opinion intended to be investment advice or to influence a decision to deal with any financial product nor does it constitute an offer  solicitation or commitment by VG1 or Regal Partners. It is the sole responsibility of the recipient to consider the risks connected with any investment strategy contained in the Information. None of VG1  Regal Partners  their related bodies corporate nor any of their respective directors  employees  officers or agents accept any liability for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the use of all or any part of the Information. Neither VG1 nor Regal Partners represents or warrants that the Information in this document is accurate  complete or up to date and accepts no liability if it is not. Past performance The historical financial information and performance figures given in this document are given for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon as (and are not) an indication of VG1 or Regal Partners’ views on the future performance of VG1 or other Funds or strategies managed by Regal Partners or its related bodies corporate. You should note that past performance of VG1 or Funds or strategies managed by Regal Partners or its related bodies corporate cannot be relied upon as an indicator of (and provide no guidance as to) future performance. Forward-looking statements This document contains certain ""forward-looking statements"" that are based on management’s beliefs  assumptions and expectations and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as  “expect”  “anticipate”  “likely”  “intend”  “should”  “could”  “may”  “predict”  “plan”  “propose”  “will”  “believe”  “forecast”  “estimate”  “target” “outlook”  “guidance” and other similar expressions. Indications of  and guidance or outlook on  future earnings or financial performance are also forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any such statements  opinions and estimates in this document speak only as of the date of this document and are based on assumptions and contingencies and are subject to change without notice  as are statements about market and industry trends  projections  guidance and estimates. Forward-looking statements are provided as a general guide only. The forward-looking statements contained in this document are not indications  guarantees or predictions of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors  many of which are beyond the control of VG1 or Regal Partners  and may involve significant elements of subjective judgement and assumptions as to future events which may or may not be correct. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these forward-looking statements. No representation  warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given or made in relation to any forward-looking statement by any person (including VG1  Regal Partners  their related bodies corporate or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or advisers). In particular  no representation  warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this document will actually occur. Except as required by law or regulation  VG1 and Regal Partners disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any changes in expectations in relation to any forward-looking statement or change in events  circumstances or conditions on which any statement is based. Click to enlargeOriginal PostEditor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha editors.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.11,0.54,True,English,"['VGI Partners Investor Letter', 'Full Year', 'Key VGI Partners investment staff', 'VGI Partners Global Investments Limited', 'The VGI Partners investment team', 'broader MSCI World Index', 'rising global interest rates', 'deep fundamental investment approach', 'market share buy-back program', 'substantial personal investments', 'share price weakness', 'Global equity markets', 'Few asset classes', 'future investor briefings', 'full market cycle', 'investor relations team', 'Net Tangible Assets', 'largest annual drawdown', 'favourable risk-adjusted returns', 'recent corporate activities', 'Regal Funds Management', 'The VG1 Board', 'new combined entity', 'core portfolio holdings', 'existing portfolio positions', 'Dear Fellow Investors', 'mispriced high-quality businesses', 'Regal Partners', 'VGI team', 'global strategy', 'market liquidity', 'net return', 'wholesale funds', 'attractive returns', 'recent changes', 'recent profile', 'new cars', 'new year', 'Getty Images', 'PETER LYNCH', 'twelve months', 'S&P 500', 'NASDAQ Composite', 'positive return', 'inflationary pressures', 'horrific conflict', 'European continent', 'careful protection', 'constant vigilance', 'permanent impairment', 'critical component', 'disappointing result', 'return profile', 'first step', 'important lessons', 'operating infrastructure', 'two dividends', 'attractive way', 'high level', 'attractive valuations', '30% potential upside', 'underlying stocks', 'concentrated portfolio', 'Portfolio Thoughts', 'long portfolio', 'challenging year', 'calendar year', 'difficult year', 'CY22 drawdown', 'new policy', 'investors’ confidence', 'many investors', 'current positioning', 'early June', 'fair value', 'capital base', '56m shares', 'VG1 portfolio', 'investors’ capital', '3 June', 'VG1.', 'recession', 'sceptics', 'depression', 'showrooms', 'houses', 'country', 'period', 'course', 'inception', 'access', 'ambition', 'annum', 'situations', 'consequence', '27th', 'January', 'letter', 'update', 'summary', 'overview', 'opportunities', 'number', 'missteps', 'order', 'processes', 'years', 'detail', 'relevance', 'shareholders', 'refinement', 'August', '4.5c', 'line', 'April', 'September', 'addition', 'discount', 'greater', 'completion', 'merger', 'opportunity', 'privilege', 'patience', 'support', 'performance', 'focus', 'conviction', 'advantage', 'exposure', 'writing', 'estimate', 'reminder', 'appreciat', '2023', '15']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,seekingalpha.com
18794,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@crema_bella @soullrage Check that clearstream link I posted b4. In some  they simply bust the trade the same day.,nan,@crema_bella @soullrage Check that clearstream link I posted b4. In some  they simply bust the trade the same day.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['clearstream link', 'crema_bella', 'trade', 'clearstream link', 'crema_bella', 'trade']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,Unknown
18795,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@livelifelove83 @DavidMurphy27 @GregorRitchie7 @aljwhite Sure. God bless 🙏🏻(though we already have  re Clearstream  bank bail outs etc),nan,@livelifelove83 @DavidMurphy27 @GregorRitchie7 @aljwhite Sure. God bless 🙏🏻(though we already have  re Clearstream  bank bail outs etc),positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['bank bail outs', 'aljwhite Sure', 'livelifelove83', 'DavidMurphy27', 'GregorRitchie7', 'God', 'Clearstream', 'bank bail outs', 'aljwhite Sure', 'livelifelove83', 'DavidMurphy27', 'GregorRitchie7', 'God', 'Clearstream']",2023-02-15,2023-02-19,Unknown
18796,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@heyhelloirene @GeromanAT Sounds reasonable to me. A Clearstream warning!,nan,@heyhelloirene @GeromanAT Sounds reasonable to me. A Clearstream warning!,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['Clearstream warning', 'GeromanAT', 'Clearstream warning', 'GeromanAT']",2023-02-15,2023-02-19,Unknown
18797,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@SanNL11 @CatfishFishy Theyve been using it for years..connect the dots .... D7 .... (Siemens)Clearstream....dec… https://t.co/f5YKookIQ8,nan,@SanNL11 @CatfishFishy Theyve been using it for years..connect the dots .... D7 .... (Siemens)Clearstream....dec… https://t.co/f5YKookIQ8,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['SanNL11', 'years', 'dots', 'D7', 'Siemens', 'Clearstream', 'SanNL11', 'years', 'dots', 'D7', 'Siemens', 'Clearstream']",2023-02-15,2023-02-19,Unknown
18798,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1317/leading-fashion-company-joins-fiber-fiber-consortium-founded-carbios-patagonia-puma-and-salomon-202302180050131,Leading fashion company joins fiber-to-fiber consortium founded by Carbios  On  Patagonia  PUMA and Salomon,Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies for reinventing the life cycle of plastics and textiles  has signed an agreement with PVH Corp.,"Regulatory News:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230218005013/en/PVH Corp. joins fiber-to-fiber consortium founded by Carbios  On  Patagonia  PUMA and SalomonCarbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies for reinventing the life cycle of plastics and textiles  has signed an agreement with PVH Corp.  to join its fiber-to-fiber consortium founded with On  Patagonia  PUMA  and Salomon1. Committed to accelerating the transition of the textile industry toward a circular economy. Carbios  On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp.  and Salomon collaborate to test and enhance Carbios’ breakthrough biological recycling technology on their own products. The ultimate aim is to prove fiber-to-fiber closed circularity using Carbios’ biorecycling process at an industrial scale in support of the Consortium members’ ambitious sustainability commitments.During the two-year collaboration  Carbios and its partners collaborate to deliver the biological recycling of polyester items at industrial-scale  including thorough sorting and dismantling technologies for complex textile waste. The existing members voted unanimously for PVH Corp. to join the Consortium stating : “The aim of our consortium is to support the development of actionable solutions that address the fashion industry’s contribution to climate change and PVH Corp. can bring a broader perspective to the project  which is always welcome.”Carbios has developed a unique and sustainable technology using highly selective enzymes that can recycle blended feedstocks  therefore reducing extensive sorting required by current thermomechanical recycling methods. For mixed fiber textile materials  Carbios’ patented enzyme acts solely on the PET polyester found within. This innovative process creates recycled PET (r-PET)  equivalent in quality to virgin PET  that can be used to produce new textile fibers: a major breakthrough for the textile industry.Treatment of textile waste and recyclingGlobally  only 13% of textile waste is currently recycled and mainly in lower quality applications such as padding  insulation or rags2. The remaining 87% is destined for landfill or incineration. In order to work on improving textile recycling technologies  Consortium members will supply feedstock in the form of apparel  underwear  footwear and sportswear. In 2023  a new line for textile PET waste will be operational at Carbios’ demonstration facility via notably the ""LIFE Cycle of PET"" project co-funded by the European Union. This comes in anticipation of future regulations  such as the separate collection of textile waste to be made mandatory in Europe from 1 January 2025.Fiber-to-fiber : circularity of textilesTo produce fibers and fabrics  today’s textile industry largely relies on non-renewable resources  and in part on recycled PET bottles for recycled polyester fiber. This resource  however  will become scarce as PET bottles will be destined exclusively to produce new bottles within the Food & Beverage Industry. In a circular economy  the materials used to produce textiles are sourced from recycled or renewable feedstocks produced through regenerative practices. As well as supplying feedstock for the demonstrator  Consortium members aim to create new products from Carbios’ r-PET fibers produced using its biorecycling process.“Partnering with Carbios and its consortium members demonstrates our ongoing commitment to including more circular materials in our collections "" said Esther Verburg  EVP  Sustainable Business and Innovation  Tommy Hilfiger Global and PVH Europe. “We are excited to support the development of Carbios’ enzymatic recycling technology  leveraging new solutions that can help us to drive fashion forward for good.”""The Carbios belief is that we can achieve more as a collective. That’s why we rally forces with our Consortiums to advance our unique technology  and ultimately switch to a more sustainable industry  benefiting citizens and the environment "" commented Emmanuel LADENT  Chief Executive Officer of Carbios. ""We are delighted to welcome PVH Corp. to join our Consortium with other prestigious brands to advance our shared vision of true circularity for the textile industry.”About CarbiosEstablished in 2011 by Truffle Capital  Carbios is a green biotech company  developing biological and innovative processes. Through its unique approach of combining enzymes and plastics  Carbios aims to address new consumer expectations and the challenges of a broad ecological transition by taking up a major challenge of our time: plastic and textile pollution. Carbios deconstructs any type of PET (the dominant polymer in bottles  trays  textiles made of polyester) into its basic components which can then be reused to produce new PET plastics with equivalent quality to virgin ones. This PET innovation  the first of its kind in the world  was recently recognized in a scientific paper published in front cover of the prestigious journal Nature. Carbios successfully started up its demonstration plant in Clermont-Ferrand in 2021. It has now taken another key step towards the industrialization of its process with the construction of a first-of-a-kind unit in partnership with Indorama Ventures.In 2017  Carbios and L’Oréal co-founded a consortium to contribute to the industrialization of its proprietary recycling technology. Committed to developing innovative solutions for sustainable development  Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe joined this consortium in April 2019. In 2022  Carbios signed an agreement with On  Patagonia  PUMA  and Salomon  to develop solutions promoting the recyclability and circularity of their products. PVH Corp. joined this consortium in January 2023.The Company has also developed an enzymatic biodegradation technology for PLA-based (a bio sourced polymer) single-use plastics. This technology can create a new generation of plastics that are 100% compostable at ambient temperatures  even in domestic conditions  integrating enzymes at the heart of the plastic product.For more information  please visit carbios.com / Twitter: Carbios / LinkedIn: Carbios / Instagram: insidecarbiosCarbios (ISIN FR0011648716/ALCRB) is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.About PVH Corp.:PVH is one of the world's largest and most admired fashion companies  connecting with consumers in over 40 countries. Our global iconic brands include Calvin Klein and TOMMY HILFIGER. Our 140-year history is built on the strength of our brands  our team and our commitment to drive fashion forward for good. That's the Power of Us. That's the Power of PVH.About Patagonia:We’re in business to save our home planet. Founded by Yvon Chouinard in 1973  Patagonia is an outdoor apparel company based in Ventura  California. As a certified B Corporation and a founding member of 1% for the Planet  the company is recognized internationally for its product quality and environmental activism  as well as its contributions of nearly $200 million to environmental organizations. Its unique ownership structure reflects that Earth is its only shareholder: Profits not reinvested back into the business are paid as dividends to protect the planet.About PUMA:PUMA is one of the world’s leading sports brands  designing  developing  selling and marketing footwear  apparel and accessories. For more than 70 years  PUMA has relentlessly pushed sport and culture forward by creating fast products for the world’s fastest athletes. PUMA offers performance and sport-inspired lifestyle products in categories such as Football  Running and Training  Basketball  Golf  and Motorsports. It collaborates with renowned designers and brands to bring sport influences into street culture and fashion. The PUMA Group owns the brands PUMA  Cobra Golf and stichd. The company distributes its products in more than 120 countries  employs about 16 000 people worldwide  and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach/Germany.About On:On was born in the Swiss Alps with one goal: to revolutionize the sensation of running by empowering all to run on clouds. Eleven years after market launch  On delivers industry-disrupting innovation in premium footwear  apparel  and accessories for high-performance running  outdoor  and all-day activities. Fuelled by customer recommendation  On’s award-winning CloudTec® innovation  purposeful design and groundbreaking strides in sportswear’s circular economy have attracted a fast-growing global fanbase — inspiring humans to explore  discover and dream on. On is present in more than 60 countries globally and engages with a digital community on www.on-running.com.About Salomon:Born in the French Alps in 1947  Salomon is committed to pushing the boundaries of mountain sports through the creation of innovative equipment that allows people to play  progress and challenge themselves in their chosen outdoor sports. The company produces and sells premium footwear  winter sports and mountaineering equipment  hiking equipment  and apparel specifically designed for all those disciplines. Products are developed in the company’s Annecy Design Center  where engineers  designers and athletes collaborate to create innovative solutions that continually improve the outdoor experiences of those who see nature as a vast playground.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in France  in Europe  in the United States or in any other country.In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the English version shall prevail._______________________________________1 Cf. press release dated 6 July 20222 Ellen MacArthur Foundation  2017View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230218005013/en/CARBIOSMelissa FlauraudPress Relationsmelissa.flauraud@carbios.comBenjamin AudebertInvestor Relationscontact@carbios.com+33 (0)4 73 86 51 76Press Relations (Europe)IconicMarie-Virginie Kleinmvk@iconic-conseil.com+33 (0)1 44 14 99 96Press Relations (U.S.)Rooney PartnersKate L. Barrettekbarrette@rooneyco.com+1 212 223 0561Press Relations (DACH)MC ServicesAnne Henneckecarbios@mc-services.eu+49 (0)211 529 252 22© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.16,0.15,True,English,"['Leading fashion company', 'fiber consortium', 'Carbios', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'Consortium members’ ambitious sustainability commitments', 'current thermomechanical recycling methods', 'Carbios’ breakthrough biological recycling technology', 'Carbios’ enzymatic recycling technology', 'mixed fiber textile materials', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Tommy Hilfiger Global', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'green biotech company', 'other prestigious brands', 'new consumer expectations', 'lower quality applications', 'broad ecological transition', 'textile recycling technologies', 'complex textile waste', 'Carbios’ demonstration facility', 'The Carbios belief', 'new textile fibers', 'Carbios’ r-PET fibers', 'fiber closed circularity', 'textile PET waste', 'Carbios’ biorecycling process', 'new PET plastics', 'major breakthrough', 'sustainable technology', 'unique technology', 'biological technologies', 'existing members', 'prestigious journal', 'textile industry', 'textile pollution', 'new line', 'new solutions', 'dismantling technologies', 'innovative process', 'circular materials', 'new bottles', 'fiber consortium', 'Regulatory News', 'press release', 'full release', 'PVH Corp.', 'life cycle', 'circular economy', 'industrial scale', 'two-year collaboration', 'thorough sorting', 'actionable solutions', 'climate change', 'broader perspective', 'blended feedstocks', 'extensive sorting', 'patented enzyme', 'European Union', 'future regulations', 'separate collection', 'renewable resources', 'Beverage Industry', 'renewable feedstocks', 'regenerative practices', 'ongoing commitment', 'Esther Verburg', 'Sustainable Business', 'sustainable industry', 'Emmanuel LADENT', 'true circularity', 'Truffle Capital', 'major challenge', 'dominant polymer', 'basic components', 'equivalent quality', 'scientific paper', 'front cover', 'new products', 'polyester fiber', 'polyester items', 'unique approach', 'PET polyester', 'PET bottles', 'ultimate aim', 'fashion industry', 'selective enzymes', 'PVH Europe', 'recycled PET', 'virgin PET', 'PET innovation', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'ALCRB', 'pioneer', 'development', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'agreement', 'support', 'partners', 'industrial-scale', 'contribution', 'project', 'Treatment', 'padding', 'insulation', 'rags', 'landfill', 'incineration', 'order', 'form', 'apparel', 'underwear', 'footwear', 'sportswear', 'anticipation', '1 January', 'fabrics', 'Food', 'demonstrator', 'collections', 'EVP', 'good', 'collective', 'forces', 'Consortiums', 'citizens', 'environment', 'vision', 'challenges', 'type', 'trays', 'kind', 'world', 'Nature']",2023-02-18,2023-02-19,afp.com
18799,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@marine_vision @Nasdaq @GroupeBeneteau @euronext We recognize all the people. We all love the united Australia  aga… https://t.co/Ua85f31eoF,nan,@marine_vision @Nasdaq @GroupeBeneteau @euronext We recognize all the people. We all love the united Australia  aga… https://t.co/Ua85f31eoF,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['united Australia', 'marine_vision', 'Nasdaq', 'GroupeBeneteau', 'people', 'united Australia', 'marine_vision', 'Nasdaq', 'GroupeBeneteau', 'people']",2023-02-19,2023-02-19,Unknown
18800,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed | @ReutersEuronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other… https://t.co/Gy5gw1it7u,nan,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed | @ReutersEuronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other… https://t.co/Gy5gw1it7u,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,True,English,"['stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'forces', 'bid', 'Euronext', 'stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'forces', 'bid', 'Euronext']",2023-02-19,2023-02-19,Unknown
18801,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@MaybellineWegm1 Is she a German councillor 😲?marker?I forgot her name how is Euronext and deutschbank and comizera… https://t.co/jCPWSTn2mN,nan,@MaybellineWegm1 Is she a German councillor 😲?marker?I forgot her name how is Euronext and deutschbank and comizera… https://t.co/jCPWSTn2mN,neutral,0.06,0.87,0.07,neutral,0.06,0.87,0.07,True,English,"['German councillor', 'MaybellineWegm1', 'name', 'Euronext', 'deutschbank', 'comizera', 'jCPWSTn2mN', 'German councillor', 'MaybellineWegm1', 'name', 'Euronext', 'deutschbank', 'comizera', 'jCPWSTn2mN']",2023-02-19,2023-02-19,Unknown
