UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49555,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/614592-belgium-russian-frozen-assets/,Seizing Russian assets would be ‘an act of war’ – Belgian PM,The move would pose a risk to the global financial system and trigger retaliation from Moscow  Bart De Wever has warned Read Full Article at RT.com,The move would trigger retaliation from Moscow  Bart De Wever has warnedConfiscating Russian assets frozen in the EU would be considered “an act of war ” Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever has warned  according to Politico. He cautioned that such a move would likely provoke a response from Moscow.Western countries froze an estimated $300 billion worth of Russian sovereign funds following the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. Around $213 billion of that is held by Euroclear  a Brussels-based clearing house. The frozen funds have already accrued billions in interest  of which Euroclear transferred €1.55 billion ($1.63 billion) to Kiev last July.Speaking to reporters after a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels on Thursday  De Wever warned that seizing Russian assets would pose “systemic risks to the entire global financial system” and could trigger retaliation from Moscow.“We’re not living in a world of fantasy. We’re in the real world  where if you take €200 billion from somebody there will be consequences ” the outlet quoted the Belgian prime minister as saying on Thursday.De Wever’s warning comes as some EU countries including France and Spain have been pushing to confiscate Russian frozen assets as they seek to use the funds to strengthen Ukraine’s defense and improve its negotiating position in any future peace talks with Russia  the article noted.Earlier this month  French Defense Minister Sebastien Lecornu announced that Paris will use interest accrued on Russian assets frozen in European banks to buy weapons for the Ukrainian military  a move condemned by Moscow.While proceeds generated from the frozen funds are already being used to back a $50 billion loan for Ukraine provided by the G7  most Western nations have stopped short of directly confiscating the assets.According to Politico  Belgium has a major stake in the issue as Euroclear is based in Brussels.The country is reportedly concerned that handing over the funds to Kiev could expose Euroclear to additional legal claims from asset holders. Euroclear is already entangled in legal battles with several parties  many of whom have turned to Russian courts to challenge the asset freeze and demand compensation.The International Monetary Fund has also warned that seizing the funds without a clear legal framework could erode global trust in Western financial institutions.The Kremlin has condemned any attempts to confiscate Russian assets  labeling them “theft” and warning of serious legal repercussions. Russia has also hinted at potential retaliatory measures against Western investments in the country.,negative,0.0,0.41,0.59,negative,0.0,0.37,0.63,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Belgian PM', 'act', 'war', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'French Defense Minister Sebastien Lecornu', 'The International Monetary Fund', 'entire global financial system', 'Brussels-based clearing house', 'future peace talks', 'Western financial institutions', 'potential retaliatory measures', 'additional legal claims', 'clear legal framework', 'serious legal repercussions', 'most Western nations', 'Russian sovereign funds', 'Russian frozen assets', 'global trust', 'The Kremlin', 'legal battles', 'Western countries', 'Western investments', 'Russian assets', 'Russian courts', '$300 billion worth', 'frozen funds', 'systemic risks', 'negotiating position', 'European banks', 'Ukrainian military', '$50 billion loan', 'major stake', 'asset holders', 'several parties', 'asset freeze', 'EU leaders', 'EU countries', 'real world', 'Ukraine conflict', 'move', 'retaliation', 'Moscow', 'war', 'Politico', 'response', 'escalation', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'billions', 'interest', 'Kiev', 'reporters', 'meeting', 'Thursday', 'fantasy', 'somebody', 'consequences', 'outlet', 'France', 'Spain', 'article', 'Paris', 'weapons', 'proceeds', 'Belgium', 'issue', 'country', 'compensation', 'attempts']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,rt.com
49556,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/uk-says-it-has-25-billion-in-frozen-russian-assets/,UK says it has £25 billion in frozen Russian assets,The amount of frozen Russian assets in the U.K. has increased by 10 percent in a year.,"Europe holds a much larger amount of around €200 billion in immobilized Russian assets  most of which are held by Belgian's Euroclear.There have been mounting calls to seize the funds to support Ukraine. Earlier this month  a group of cross-party British MPs called on the government to use the frozen assets to help Kyiv in its fight against Russia.While in Kyiv on March 15  Prime Minister Keir Starmer told reporters that he had discussed asset seizure with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy  but that it was “a complicated question.""In Europe  similar conversations are taking place  with the French parliament passing a non-binding resolution to demand the EU seize Russian assets to support Ukraine.However  Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever threw cold water on the prospect of Europe taking the funds on Thursday evening  telling reporters that doing so would be “an act of war.”In response to OFSI's latest report  Economic Secretary to the Treasury Emma Reynolds said: “The UK has frozen £25 billion worth of Russian assets and working with our allies  we have deprived Russia of over $400 billion  the equivalent to four years of Russia’s military spending. We will continue to robustly enforce our financial sanctions as part of our wider response to Russia’s barbaric invasion of Ukraine.”",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'UK', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Prime Minister Keir Starmer', 'cross-party British MPs', 'President Volodymyr Zelenskyy', 'Treasury Emma Reynolds', 'larger amount', 'Russian assets', 'mounting calls', 'frozen assets', 'asset seizure', 'complicated question', 'similar conversations', 'French parliament', 'non-binding resolution', 'cold water', 'Thursday evening', 'latest report', 'Economic Secretary', '£25 billion worth', 'four years', 'military spending', 'financial sanctions', 'barbaric invasion', 'wider response', 'Europe', 'Euroclear', 'funds', 'Ukraine', 'group', 'government', 'Kyiv', 'fight', 'March', 'reporters', 'place', 'prospect', 'act', 'war', 'OFSI', 'allies']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,politico.eu
49557,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/seizing-russian-frozen-assets-act-of-war-belgian-pm-bart-de-wever/,Seizing frozen Russian assets is ‘an act of war ’ says Belgian PM,Bart De Wever warns that handing the money to Ukraine would spook financial markets and trigger retaliation from Moscow.,"Belgium  however  has considerable skin in the game because Euroclear  the financial institution that holds the bulk of the immobilized assets in Europe  is based in Brussels.The country fears that handing over the money to Ukraine will expose Euroclear to more legal claims by the holders of those assets.Euroclear is currently embroiled in litigation with multiple parties who are using Russia’s highly politicized courts to contest their assets being withheld  and seeking compensation.“We’re not living in a world of fantasy. We’re in the real world  where if you take €200 billion from somebody there will be consequences ” De Wever said.Last year G7 countries agreed to use the profits generated by the assets — rather than the assets directly — to issue a €50 billion loan to Ukraine.But several countries are pushing to go one step further. Earlier this month  French lawmakers backed a nonbinding resolution calling for the EU to seize the assets and use them to support Ukraine.Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez supported this option behind closed doors in a gathering of EU leaders on March 6  according to several EU diplomats.De Wever cautioned fellow leaders to refrain from publicly “representing the frozen and immobilized assets like Putin's little piggy bank that you can just break with a hammer and then take the money out and spend it on whatever you want ... because it's just not that simple.""",negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,neutral,0.04,0.8,0.16,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'Belgian PM', 'act', 'war', 'Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez', 'little piggy bank', 'several EU diplomats', 'several countries', 'considerable skin', 'financial institution', 'legal claims', 'multiple parties', 'politicized courts', 'De Wever', 'G7 countries', '€50 billion loan', 'French lawmakers', 'nonbinding resolution', 'closed doors', 'EU leaders', 'fellow leaders', 'real world', 'immobilized assets', 'Belgium', 'game', 'Euroclear', 'bulk', 'Europe', 'Brussels', 'country', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'holders', 'litigation', 'Russia', 'compensation', 'fantasy', 'somebody', 'consequences', 'profits', 'option', 'gathering', 'March', 'frozen', 'Putin', 'hammer']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,politico.eu
49558,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3047153/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2025-03-28BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3113  SE0009548704  2027-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104  SE0000556599  2028-12-01Bid date2025-03-28Bid......,Bid procedure  2025-03-28 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3113  SE0009548704  2027-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104  SE0000556599  2028-12-01Bid date 2025-03-28 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3113: 200 million SEK +/-200 million SEK3104: 200 million SEK +/-200 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3113: 200 million SEK per bid3104: 200 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2025-04-01 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2025-03-21This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'Swedish language version', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '200 million SEK', 'allocation time', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', '28 Bonds', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49559,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://decrypt.co/311137/public-keys-hood-dtcc-eth-bakkt-back-again,Public Keys: Predictions for HOOD  DTCC Doubles Down on ETH and Bakkt Is Back—Again,This week on Public Keys: Bakkt Holdings has undergone another transformation  with more than a little help from its parent company.,Decrypt’s Art  Fashion  and Entertainment Hub. Discover SCENEPublic Keys is a weekly roundup from Decrypt that tracks the key publicly traded crypto companies. This week: After predicting it wouldn’t survive this long  Bakkt Holdings has undergone another transformation; the largest securities clearinghouse in the world doubles down on Ethereum; and Robinhood launches a prediction market for your March Madness bracket.Setbacks for Bakkt HoldingsThere’s new business afoot for crypto trading and payment solutions company Bakkt  which trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the BKKT symbol. But there’s also a bit of blood in the water.The company just hired a new co-CEO: Akshay Naheta  who oversaw SoftBank’s investments in chip manufacturer ARM and GPU giant Nvidia. Bakkt also inked a deal with Distributed Technologies Research  which Naheta founded  to integrate its stablecoin-based payments tech into its crypto trading platform.It’s unclear which other companies were already using DRT’s stablecoin payments tech.“Once this partnership takes effect  Bakkt believes it will be positioned to unlock new revenue streams in crypto trading and stablecoin payments  while adding efficiency to the vast and rapidly growing cross-border payments market ” the company said in its press release.But the company began the week in the uncomfortable position of having to announce that two of its largest clients—Bank of America and Webull—are not renewing their commercial agreements. The most damning line in the company’s SEC filing: Webull represented 74% of its crypto services revenue.This isn’t the first time things have looked bleak for Bakkt. Around this time last year  the company had just announced a big international expansion. Then  weeks later  told the SEC it wasn’t sure it would survive another 12 months.If it seems like Bakkt is pivoting at a dizzying rate  remember that it has strong ties to Wall Street and has been given a lot of space to figure out what kind of company it wants to be.Case in point: Bakkt was launched in 2018 by Intercontinental Exchange  which also goes by ICE  the parent company of the New York Stock Exchange. The initial vision was for Bakkt to act as a regulated Bitcoin futures and custody platform.But just this week  the company revealed in its delayed earnings report that it sold its custody division for $1.5 million to none other than its parent company  Intercontinental Exchange.“The divestiture is expected to streamline operations by reducing operating expenses by $3.8 million annually and freeing up approximately $3.0 million of capital held for regulatory reserves ” the company wrote in its earnings report.Must be ICE having such a supportive parent company.Tokenization Tea LeavesTokenization and RWA nerds: Take heed. Just as the RWA  or real-world assets segment  surpasses $19 billion  the market infrastructure companies are picking favorites.The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation  or DTCC  has joined the ERC3643 Association  the company said on Thursday.For those not already in the know: DTCC is the world’s largest central securities depository. It handles the bulk of clearing  settlement  and trade reporting for U.S. markets. The company  which is owned by its bank and institution customers  processed securities transactions valued at $3 quadrillion in 2023.In conjunction with its announcement  DTCC has added support for ERC-3643 tokens to its tokenized securities platform  ComposerX.What this boils down to is the biggest securities settlement corporation in the world doubling down on Ethereum. And where it goes  others will follow. The Japan Securities Clearing Corporation has been collaborating with DTCC to test out settlements on Ethereum since last year.But that doesn’t mean the securities clearinghouses of the world have reached consensus.As Ledger Insights explains  Euroclear has built its tokenization platform on the Corda blockchain—although it’s not exclusively tied to it. And Hong Kong’s central securities depository has been partial to the Canton Network.Robinhood Sets Sites on Prediction MarketsPopular trading app Robinhood has made a big push into prediction markets with a new feature that lets users gamble—er  speculate—on sports.After making its big announcement with March Madness markets  the company added a new one that invites users to wager on whether Fed fund rates will be above 4% or 4.25% after the next Federal Open Markets Committee meeting.The company tried out its first prediction market in October last year with a U.S. presidential election prediction market. It was open only to American users. At the time  that seemed like a shot across the bow of would-be competitor Polymarket  which has never been open to U.S. bettors and had to assure regulators that it was making an effort to stop would-be rule breakers using VPNs to use the platform.But now  Robinhood has partnered with Kalshi. In October  Kalshi won its yearslong legal battle against the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC).Analysts have estimated that Robinhood’s foray into prediction markets could create a $260 million stream for the company  which trades on the Nasdaq under the HOOD ticker.Earlier this week  Robinhood got a “Buy” rating from research firm Compass Point as it initiated coverage of the company.Happy Fri-M&ACoinbase is in advanced talks to buy crypto derivatives exchange Derebit  unnamed sources told Bloomberg. The news broke late enough that it almost didn’t make it into this edition of Public Keys.Derebit  founded in 2016  is the world’s largest platform for Bitcoin and Ethereum options. As of this writing  it has seen $3 billion worth of volume in the past day and boasts that it has 85% of the BTC and ETH derivatives market cornered.Coinbase already offers derivatives trading  but not in the United Kingdom or Spain—two regions where Derebit is available. Conversely  Derebit is not available in the U.S.  where Coinbase serves the bulk of its customers.The anonymous sources told Bloomberg that the companies have already given regulators in Dubai a heads up about the impending deal  since Derebit has a license there that would be transferred to Coinbase if the deal goes through.Earlier this year  the news outlet reported that Coinbase competitor Kraken was eyeing it for an acquisition. At the time  unnamed sources familiar with those talks estimated that the derivatives exchange was worth between $4-5 billion.Coinbase  which trades on the Nasdaq under the COIN ticker  picked up a little upward momentum ahead of the closing bell. But at the time of writing  was changing hands for $188.69 and trailing its opening price by 0.85%.Other KeysStrategy started the week like a lamb and ended it by saying MOAR. The software company  which trades on Nasdaq under the MSTR ticker  made its smallest Bitcoin buy yet by adding 130 Bitcoin valued at $10.7 million to its corporate reserve on Monday. The next day  it unveiled a $500 million offering of its Strife (STRF) perpetual preferred stock to fund more BTC acquisition. Then  by Friday  it had upsized that offering to $723 million.Bitcoin mining stocks had another rough week  despite getting good news from none other than the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Yesterday  the securities regulator clarified that Bitcoin mining operations “do not involve the offer and sale of securities.” Phew  right? More like meh. Top publicly traded miners MARA  CleanSpark  and Bitdeer had all lost a few percentage points by Friday afternoon.But it’s not all bad news for miners: Bitfarms completed its acquisition of Stronghold in a deal valued at $175 million.Don’t feel too bad for Kraken missing out on a Derebit acquisition. On Thursday  the exchange announced that it has acquired futures broker NinjaTrader in a deal valued at $1.5 billion. The exchange confirmed to Decrypt earlier this month that it’s planning to go public  but declined to share a timeline.And  finally  how’s Dubai sound for spring break? The Dubai Financial Services Authority put out the call for “expressions of interest” from companies wanting to experiment with “tokenization services” in its regulatory sandbox. But they need to move fast  the deadline is April 24  2025.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Public Keys', 'Predictions', 'HOOD', 'DTCC', 'ETH', 'Bakkt', 'next Federal Open Markets Committee meeting', 'U.S. presidential election prediction market', 'The Japan Securities Clearing Corporation', 'growing cross-border payments market', 'Commodities Futures Trading Commission', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'biggest securities settlement corporation', 'largest central securities depository', 'U.S. markets', 'U.S. bettors', 'The Depository Trust', 'first prediction market', 'largest securities clearinghouse', 'March Madness markets', 'March Madness bracket', 'GPU giant Nvidia', 'Distributed Technologies Research', 'stablecoin-based payments tech', 'real-world assets segment', 'Fed fund rates', 'yearslong legal battle', 'market infrastructure companies', 'Popular trading app', 'new revenue streams', 'stablecoin payments tech', 'tokenized securities platform', 'crypto services revenue', 'big international expansion', 'Tea Leaves Tokenization', 'first time things', 'crypto trading platform', 'payment solutions company', 'supportive parent company', 'Prediction Markets', 'securities transactions', 'securities clearinghouses', 'largest clients', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'Bitcoin futures', 'crypto companies', 'new business', 'new co', 'new feature', 'new one', 'other companies', 'big push', 'custody platform', 'tokenization platform', 'Entertainment Hub', 'Public Keys', 'weekly roundup', 'BKKT symbol', 'chip manufacturer', 'press release', 'uncomfortable position', 'commercial agreements', 'damning line', 'dizzying rate', 'strong ties', 'Wall Street', 'initial vision', 'earnings report', 'custody division', 'operating expenses', 'regulatory reserves', 'ERC3643 Association', 'trade reporting', 'institution customers', 'ERC-3643 tokens', 'last year', 'Ledger Insights', 'Corda blockchain', 'Hong Kong', 'Canton Network', 'rule breakers', 'big announcement', 'Akshay Naheta', 'SEC filing', 'RWA nerds', 'American users', 'Bakkt Holdings', 'Decrypt', 'Fashion', 'SCENE', 'transformation', 'Ethereum', 'Robinhood', 'Setbacks', 'blood', 'water', 'CEO', 'SoftBank', 'investments', 'ARM', 'deal', 'DRT', 'partnership', 'effect', 'efficiency', 'vast', 'rapidly', 'Webull', 'lot', 'space', 'kind', 'Case', 'point', 'divestiture', 'operations', 'capital', 'favorites', 'DTCC', 'Thursday', 'bulk', 'conjunction', 'ComposerX', 'others', 'settlements', 'consensus', 'Euroclear', 'Sites', 'sports', 'October', 'shot', 'bow', 'competitor', 'Polymarket', 'regulators', 'effort', 'VPNs', 'Kalshi', 'CFTC', 'Analysts']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,decrypt.co
49560,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3046836/0/en/UCB-Convening-Notice-to-the-General-Meeting-of-the-Shareholders-2025.html,UCB Convening Notice to the General Meeting of the Shareholders 2025,CONVENING NOTICE TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS  The Board of Directors invites the shareholders to the ordinary general meeting of the......,CONVENING NOTICE TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSThe Board of Directors invites the shareholders to the ordinary general meeting of the shareholders (the “General Meeting”) which will be held on Thursday  24 April 2025  at 11:00 am CEST  at the registered office of UCB SA/NV  Allée de la Recherche 60 - 1070 Brussels  for the purpose of considering and voting on the items shown on the agenda set out below.Applicable participation formalities are detailed at the end of this convening notice. Shareholders may  to the extent indicated  also use the Lumi Connect platform (www.lumiconnect.com) to complete all participation formalities and to vote by proxy at the General Meeting. The Lumi Connect platform is free of charge for the shareholders.ORDINARY PART1. Report of the Board of Directors on the annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 20242. Report of the statutory auditor on the annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 20243. Communication of the consolidated annual accounts of the UCB Group relating to the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and the consolidated report of the Board of Directors on these accounts. Such documents are included in the Integrated Annual Report 2024. The consolidated report of the Board of Directors also comprises the sustainability information to be provided pursuant to articles 3:32/1 et sq. of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (BCCA)4. Approval of the annual accounts of UCB SA/NV for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and appropriation of the resultsProposed resolution :The General Meeting approves the annual accounts of UCB SA/NV for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and the appropriation of the results reflected therein  including the approval of a gross dividend of € 1.39 per share (*).(*) The UCB shares held by UCB SA/NV (own shares) are not entitled to a dividend. Therefore  the aggregate amount to be distributed to the shareholders may fluctuate depending on the number of UCB shares held by UCB SA/NV (own shares) on the dividend approval date.5. Approval of the remuneration report for the financial year ended 31 December 2024The BCCA requires the General Meeting to approve the remuneration report each year by separate vote. This report includes a description of the application of the remuneration policy and information on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee  for the financial year ended 31 December 2024.Proposed resolution :The General Meeting approves the remuneration report for the financial year ended 31 December 2024.6. Approval of the Remuneration Policy 2025Article 7:89/1  §3 of the BCCA and the Belgian Corporate Governance Code 2020 (the “2020 Code”) require UCB SA/NV to establish a remuneration policy and to submit such policy or any important change thereto to the approval of the General Meeting. In addition  pursuant to article 2:50 of the BCCA  the General Meeting is competent to approve the remuneration of directors.The last version of the remuneration policy was approved by the ordinary General Meeting of 25 April 2024. UCB SA/NV is now proposing changes to the remuneration policy and is submitting a revised version of the policy (the “Remuneration Policy 2025”) for approval by this General Meeting. The proposed changes include a revised global benchmark approach  a revised remuneration overall for non-executive directors and members of the Executive Committee  in line with the global benchmark that has been conducted  and a new shareholding guideline for non-executive directors. To enable our shareholders to cast their votes  the proposed Remuneration Policy 2025  together with a note further explaining the main proposed changes to the current remuneration policy  are available on the website of UCB (https://www.ucb.com/investors/UCB-shareholders/Shareholders-meeting-2025).Proposed resolution :The General Meeting approves the Remuneration Policy 2025 and fixes the annual cash remuneration of the non-executive directors as follows: (i) for the Chair of the Board  an annual amount of EUR 425 000  (ii) for the Vice-Chair of the Board  an annual amount of EUR 200 000  (iii) for the other non-executive directors  an annual amount of EUR 160 000. In addition  (a) the chair of the audit committee will receive an annual amount of EUR 45 000 and the other members of the audit committee will receive an annual amount of EUR 22 500  (b) the chair of the governance nomination & compensation committee’s (“GNCC”) will receive an annual amount of EUR 35 000 and the other members of the GNCC will receive an annual amount of EUR 17 000  and (c)  the members of the scientific committee will receive an annual amount of EUR 45 000. To the extent the Chair of the Board is the chair or a member of a Board committee  the additional annual amounts set out above will however not be paid. The directors’ remuneration does not include any Board attendance fee.A travel cash allowance of EUR 45 000 is granted to all non-executive directors living in a location with at least 5 hours of time zone difference with Belgium and is paid as an annual fixed lump-sum allowance.The CEO is not remunerated in his capacity as executive director as he is remunerated in his capacity as Chair of the Executive Committee.The revised remuneration set out above will apply as from 1 April 2025.7. Discharge in favour of the directorsPursuant to the BCCA  the General Meeting must  after approval of the annual accounts  vote on the discharge of liability of the directors for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024.Proposed resolution :The General Meeting grants discharge to the directors for the performance of their duties during the financial year ended 31 December 2024.8. Discharge in favour of the statutory auditorPursuant to the BCCA  the General Meeting must  after approval of the annual accounts  vote on the discharge of liability of the statutory auditor (Mazars) in relation to the performance of its duties during the financial year ended 31 December 2024.Proposed resolution :The General Meeting grants discharge to the statutory auditor for the performance of its duties during the financial year ended 31 December 2024.9. Directors: appointments and renewals of mandates of (independent) directorsThe mandates of Mr. Jonathan Peacock  independent director and Chair of the Board  as well as the mandate of Mrs Susan Gasser  independent director  shall expire at this General Meeting. The Board of Directors  following the recommendation of the GNCC  proposes renewing Mr. Jonathan Peacock's mandate as an independent director for 4 years (until the end of the ordinary General Meeting of 2029). If renewed by the General Meeting  he will remain chair of the Board.In replacement of Ms. Susan Gasser  the Board proposes the appointment of Mrs Fiona Powrie as independent director. If appointed as independent director by the General Meeting  Mrs Fiona Powrie will start her mandate as director on 1 January 2026 and be appointed as member of the scientific committee of the Board as from the same date and her mandate will expire at the end of the ordinary General Meeting of 2029.Mrs. Fiona du Monceau stepped down from the Board of directors of UCB on 12 March 2024 to take on a position as member of the Executive Committee of UCB. Upon recommendation of the GNCC  the Board is proposing the appointment of Mr Stefaan Heylen as director  for a term of 4 years  in replacement of Fiona du Monceau and as a representative of UCB’s reference shareholder (Financière de Tubize). As such  Stefaan Heylen will therefore not qualify as independent director. Stefaan Heylen has more than 35 years of drug development and executive management experience.Mr. Jonathan Peacock and Mrs Fiona Powrie meet the independence criteria stipulated by article 7:87 of the BCCA  by provision 3.5 of the 2020 Code and by the UCB Corporate Governance Charter. Pursuant to article 7:87 §1 al.3 of the BCCA  the Board also expressly confirms that it has no indication of any element that could cast doubt on the independence of these directors in accordance with the above-mentioned criteria. The Board of directors also confirms that  subject to the above-mentioned appointments and renewal by the General Meeting  the Board of Directors  as well as each of its special committees  will continue to be composed of a majority of independent directors. The Board composition will also continue to be compliant with the requirement of the BCCA that at least one third of the members of the Board must be of a different sex than that of the other members.The curriculum vitae  information on other board mandates and skills of these directors are available on the website of UCB (https://www.ucb.com/investors/UCB-shareholders/Shareholders-meeting-2025).Proposed resolutions :9.1 A) The General Meeting renews the appointment of Mr. Jonathan Peacock (*) as director for a term of four years until the close of the ordinary General Meeting of 2029.9.1 B) The General Meeting acknowledges that  Mr Johathan Peacock qualifies as an independent director according to the independence criteria provided for by article 7:87 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  by provision 3.5 of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code and by the UCB Corporate Governance Charter and appoints him as independent director. The Board of Directors has expressly confirmed that it has no indication of any element that could cast doubt on the independence of this director according to the above-mentioned criteria.9.2 A) The General Meeting appoints Mrs. Fiona Powrie (*) as director for a term starting on 1 January 2026 and ending at the close of the ordinary General Meeting of 2029.9.2 B) The General Meeting acknowledges that Mrs. Fiona Powrie qualifies as an independent director according to the independence criteria provided for by article 7:87 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  by provision 3.5 of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code and by the UCB Corporate Governance Charter and appoints her as independent director. The Board of Directors has expressly confirmed that it has no indication of any element that could cast doubt on the independence of this director according to the above-mentioned criteria.9.3 The General Meeting appoints Mr. Stefaan Heylen (*) as director for a term of four years until the close of the ordinary General Meeting of 2029.(*) Curriculum vitae and details are available at https://www.ucb.com/investors/UCB-shareholders/Shareholders-meeting-2025SPECIAL PART10. Renewal of approval of a change of control provisions in the EMTN Program - art. 7:151 of the BCCAPursuant to article 7:151 of the BCCA  the General Meeting is solely competent to approve so-called ‘change of control’ clauses  i.e.  provisions whereby third parties are granted rights having a substantial influence on the assets of the Company or causing a substantial debt or liability for the Company  if the exercise of such rights depends on the launch of a public takeover bid on the shares of the Company or a change of control thereof. These clauses are standard requests from our creditors and/or in the legal documentation of our financing arrangements.UCB SA/NV has established a Euro Medium Term Note Program on 6 March 2013 for an amount of EUR 5 000 000 000  with last update of the Base Prospectus on 17 October 2023  as this program may be further amended  extended or updated from time to time (the “EMTN Program”). The terms of the EMTN Program provide for a change of control clause - condition 5 (e) (i) - under which  for any of the Notes issued under the EMTN Program where a change of control put is included in the relevant final terms  any and all of the holders of such notes can  in certain circumstances  require UCB SA/NV to redeem that Note  following a change of control at the level of UCB SA/NV  upon exercise of the change of control put  for a value equal to the put redemption amount increased with  if appropriate  interest accrued until the date of exercise of the change of control put (all as more particularly described in the Base Prospectus of the EMTN Program).In accordance with article 7:151 of the BCCA  this clause must be approved by the General Meeting  and it is hereby proposed to renew this approval for any series of notes issued under the EMTN Program including such clause during the next 12 months.Proposed resolution :Pursuant to article 7:151 of the BCCA  the General Meeting renews its approval: (i) of condition 5 (e) (i) of the Terms and Conditions of the EMTN Program (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders – Upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put))  in respect of any series of notes to which such condition is made applicable being issued under the Program  to the extent the Program is renewed to allow for such issuance  from 24 April 2025 until 30 April 2026  under which any and all of the holders of the relevant notes can  in certain circumstances when a Change of Control at the level of UCB SA/NV occurs  require UCB SA/NV to redeem that note on the Change of Control Put Date at the Put Redemption Amount together  if applicable  with interest accrued to such Change of Control Put Date  following a Change of Control of UCB SA/NV; and (ii) of any other provision of the EMTN Program or notes issued under the EMTN Program granting rights to third parties which could affect an obligation on UCB SA/NV where in each case the exercise of these rights is dependent on the occurrence of a Change of Control.***PARTICIPATION FORMALITIESIn order to participate in the General Meeting  shareholders must comply with the following formalities:1. Kindly note that all due dates and times mentioned herein are the final deadlines and that these will not be extended due to a weekend  holiday or for any other reason.2. Registration Date : the registration date is 10 April 2025  at 24:00 CEST.a. Owners of registered shares must be registered as a shareholder in UCB SA/NV’s share register  held by Euroclear  on 10 April 2025  at 24:00 CEST.b. Owners of dematerialized shares must be registered as a shareholder on an account with a recognized account holder or settlement institution on 10 April 2025  at 24:00 CEST.3. Voting in person : the shareholder who intends to participate in the General Meeting in person must declare his/her intent to participate  in the General Meeting  as follows:a. Owners of registered shares must declare their intention to participate in person to the General Meeting  at the latest by 18 April 2025  15:00 CEST  to UCB SA/NV’s registered office (c/o Mrs. Kim Willekens) or via e-mail to shareholders.meeting@ucb.com. The Company will verify if the owners of registered shares who declared their intention to participate in person to the General Meeting are effectively recorded in the share register.For owners of registered shares who choose to use the Lumi Connect electronic platform  this platform enables them to directly declare their intention to participate in person in the General Meeting.b. Owners of dematerialized shares must declare their intention to participate in person at the General Meeting  at the latest by 18 April 2025  15:00 CEST  to UCB SA/NV’s registered office (c/o Mrs. Kim Willekens) or via e-mail to shareholders.meeting@ucb.com. Owners of dematerialized shares must always include a certificate issued by a recognized account holder or settlement institution evidencing their holding of dematerialized shares on the registration date.For owners of dematerialized shares who choose to use the Lumi Connect electronic platform  this platform (i) enables them to directly declare their intention to participate in person in the General Meeting and (ii) allows the above-mentioned certificate of dematerialized shares to be issued directly.Only persons having notified their intent to participate in person at the General Meeting at the latest by 18 APRIL 2025  15:00 CEST and in accordance with the aforementioned formalities will be allowed to attend and vote at the General Meeting.4. Voting by proxy : the shareholders are allowed to be represented by a proxy holder at the General Meeting. In the case of voting by proxy  the proxy form will serve as declaration of the intention to participate in the General Meeting  but owners of dematerialized shares must still provide a certificate issued by a recognized account holder or settlement institution evidencing their holding of dematerialized shares on the registration date to UCB SA/NV (c/o Mrs. Kim Willekens) or via e-mail to shareholders.meeting@ucb.com. For owners of dematerialized shares who choose to use the Lumi Connect platform  this platform allows the above-mentioned certificate of dematerialized shares to be issued directly.a. Original proxy: the proxy form approved by UCB SA/NV  which must be used to be represented at the General Meeting  can be downloaded and printed from https://www.ucb.com/investors/UCB-shareholders/Shareholders-meeting-2025.Shareholders must deposit or send these proxies  duly filled out and signed  to UCB SA/NV’s registered office (c/o Mrs. Kim Willekens) or send them via e-mail to shareholders.meeting@ucb.com  in such a way that they arrive at UCB at the very latest by 18 April 2025  15:00 CEST. Scans by e-mail are allowed and recommended  provided that the proxy holder produces the original proxy at the latest prior to the General Meeting. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in UCB SA/NV not acknowledging the powers of the proxy holder.b. Electronic proxy: for shareholders who choose to use the Lumi Connect platform  this platform enables them to electronically complete and submit proxies. In that case  no original must be provided.Only persons having notified their intention to participate by proxy in the General Meeting at the latest by 18 April 2025  15:00 CEST and in accordance with the aforementioned formalities will be allowed to vote by proxy at the General Meeting.5. New agenda items and new resolutions : in accordance with article 7:130 of the BCCA and under certain conditions  one or more shareholder(s) holding (together) at least 3% of the share capital of the Company may request to add items to the agenda and may file resolution proposals relating to the items on the agenda or to be added to the agenda.Such request will only be valid if it is duly notified to UCB SA/NV’s registered office in writing (c/o Mrs. Kim Willekens) and received or via shareholders.meeting@ucb.com at the latest by 2 April 2025  15:00 CEST. An updated agenda will  if applicable  be published on 9 April 2025. In such case  the Company will make an updated proxy form available on UCB website in order to allow shareholders to give specific voting instructions thereon. The additional items on the agenda and the proposed resolutions will only be discussed at the General Meeting if this/these shareholder(s) holding (together) at least 3% of the share capital of the Company has/have fulfilled the admission formalities as detailed under points 3 and 4 above.6. Questions : in accordance with article 7:139 of the BCCA and under certain conditions  shareholders are entitled to submit questions (i) in writing prior to the General Meeting or (ii) orally during the General Meeting  to the Board of Directors or the statutory auditor regarding their reports or items on the agenda. The questions will be answered during the General Meeting provided (i) the shareholders concerned have complied with all required admission formalities and (ii) any communication of information or fact in response to such question does not prejudice the Company’s business interests or the confidentiality undertaking of UCB SA/NV  its directors and statutory auditor.Questions asked prior to the General Meeting must be sent in writing to UCB SA/NV’s registered office (c/o Mrs. Kim Willekens) or by e-mail to shareholders.meeting@ucb.com in a way that they arrive at UCB by 18 April 2025  15:00 CEST at the latest.7. Available documentation : as of the date of publication of this notice  the documents to be presented at the General Meeting  the (amended) agenda  and the (amended) proxy form are available on https://www.ucb.com/investors/UCB-shareholders/Shareholders-meeting-2025. The shareholders shall be able to access and consult the documents during working hours on business days at UCB NV/SA’s registered office  and/or preferably can receive a free hard copy of these documents.The documents can also be accessed via the Lumi Connect platform.8. Arrival time and facilities : shareholders attending the General Meeting are requested to arrive at least 45 minutes before the time set for the General Meeting in order to complete the participation formalities at the registered office of UCB SA/NV  Allée de la Recherche 60 - 1070 Brussels. Outside parking facilities will be available. Once the General Meeting has started  shareholders are kindly requested to stay in the room until the end of the General Meeting.9. Privacy notice : the Company is the so-called “controller”  responsible for the processing of the personal data it receives from shareholders  holders of other securities issued by the Company (as  for example  bonds  where applicable) and proxy holders in the context of the General Meeting of the shareholders. The Company will process such personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation  including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR).This personal data consists mainly of identification data of the shareholders  their representatives or proxy holders  contact details (e.g. postal address  telephone number or email address)  the number and type of securities  attendance at the General Meeting and voting.The processing of such personal data will in particular take place for the management of the participation and voting procedure in relation to the General Meeting of the shareholders  in accordance with the applicable legislation and the Company’s Privacy Policy available on the Company’s website (https://www.ucb.com/Data-Protection-Notice-for-Shareholders). This personal data will be transferred to third parties for the purpose of providing assistance in the management of participation and voting procedures  and for analyzing the composition of the shareholder base of the Company. The personal data will not be stored any longer than necessary in light of the aforementioned objectives.The Privacy Policy also contains detailed information regarding the processing of the personal data of  among others  shareholders  holders of other securities issued by the Company and proxy holders  including the rights that they can assert towards the Company  namely the right to access and rectify their personal data as well as  in certain circumstances  the right to restrict processing  the right to object to processing  the right to request erasure  the right to data portability and the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority  in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation. The aforementioned can exercise their rights with regard to their personal data provided to the Company by contacting the Company’s Data Protection Officer via dataprivacy@ucb.com.***,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.0,True,English,"['UCB Convening Notice', 'General Meeting', 'Shareholders', 'Allée de la Recherche', 'The Lumi Connect platform', 'Belgian Corporate Governance Code', 'new shareholding guideline', 'travel cash allowance', 'additional annual amounts', 'Applicable participation formalities', 'global benchmark approach', 'The General Meeting', 'main proposed changes', 'ordinary general meeting', 'Board attendance fee', 'annual cash remuneration', 'Integrated Annual Report', 'The UCB shares', 'current remuneration policy', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'dividend approval date', 'other non-executive directors', 'Belgian Code', 'governance nomination', 'ORDINARY PART', 'The Board', 'own shares', 'consolidated report', 'The BCCA', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'registered office', 'financial year', 'statutory auditor', 'Such documents', 'gross dividend', 'aggregate amount', 'separate vote', 'Executive Committee', 'important change', 'last version', 'audit committee', 'compensation committee', 'scientific committee', 'UCB SA/NV', 'UCB Group', 'other members', 'remuneration report', 'directors’ remuneration', 'sustainability information', 'Board committee', 'revised version', '2020 Code', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'Thursday', 'April', '1070 Brussels', 'purpose', 'items', 'agenda', 'extent', 'lumiconnect', 'proxy', 'charge', 'Communication', 'articles', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'appropriation', 'results', 'resolution', 'number', 'description', 'application', 'votes', 'note', 'website', 'investors', 'Chair', 'GNCC', 'EUR', '11:00']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49561,Euroclear,Bing API,https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/international/putin-bombs-the-hell-out-of-ukraine-huge-flames-engulf-kyiv-sumy-zaporizhzhia-watch/videoshow/119338048.cms,Putin 'Bombs The Hell' Out Of Ukraine; Huge Flames Engulf Kyiv  Sumy  Zaporizhzhia | Watch,Russia launched a drone attack on the Ukrainian city of Zaporizhzhia overnight. 3 people were killed and 12 others were wounded when the city was hit by 12 drones. The Ukrainian air force said that Russia fired 179 drones and decoys in the latest wave of attacks ,"'Seizing Frozen Russian Assets Is An Act Of War ’ Says NATO Nation PM | WatchBelgian PM Bart De Wever has warned that seizing Russia's frozen assets would be an ""act of war "" potentially provoking Russian retaliation. The EU has frozen $300 billion in Russian funds  with $213 billion held by Euroclear in Belgium. While interest from the assets has already been directed to Ukraine  France and Spain are pushing for full confiscation to support Kyiv’s defense. However  concerns persist about legal challenges  financial instability  and retaliatory measures by Moscow. The IMF also warned that seizing the funds could erode trust in Western financial institutions. The Kremlin has condemned the move as ""theft"" and threatened legal action. Click to know more.5.3K views | 6 hours ago",neutral,0.07,0.81,0.12,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Huge Flames Engulf Kyiv', 'Putin', 'Hell', 'Ukraine', 'Sumy', 'Zaporizhzhia', 'Watch', 'Belgian PM Bart De Wever', 'NATO Nation PM', 'Western financial institutions', 'Frozen Russian Assets', 'frozen assets', 'financial instability', 'Russian retaliation', 'full confiscation', 'legal challenges', 'retaliatory measures', 'The IMF', 'The Kremlin', 'legal action', '5.3K views', 'Russian funds', 'War', 'Watch', 'EU', 'Belgium', 'interest', 'Ukraine', 'France', 'Spain', 'Kyiv', 'defense', 'concerns', 'Moscow', 'trust', 'move']",2025-03-22,2025-03-22,timesofindia.indiatimes.com
49562,Euroclear,Bing API,https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/international/seizing-frozen-russian-assets-is-an-act-of-war-says-nato-nation-pm-watch/videoshow/119327637.cms,'Seizing Frozen Russian Assets Is An Act Of War ’ Says NATO Nation PM | Watch,"Belgian PM Bart De Wever has warned that seizing Russia's frozen assets would be an ""act of war "" potentially provoking Russian retaliation. The EU has frozen $300 billion in Russian funds  with $213 billion held by Euroclear in Belgium.","Belgian PM Bart De Wever has warned that seizing Russia's frozen assets would be an ""act of war "" potentially provoking Russian retaliation. The EU has frozen $300 billion in Russian funds  with $213 billion held by Euroclear in Belgium. While interest from the assets has already been directed to Ukraine  France and Spain are pushing for full confiscation to support Kyiv’s defense. However  concerns persist about legal challenges  financial instability  and retaliatory measures by Moscow. The IMF also warned that seizing the funds could erode trust in Western financial institutions. The Kremlin has condemned the move as ""theft"" and threatened legal action. Click to know more.",negative,0.0,0.33,0.66,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Assets', 'NATO Nation PM', 'Act', 'War', 'Watch', 'Belgian PM Bart De Wever', 'Western financial institutions', 'financial instability', 'Russian retaliation', 'full confiscation', 'legal challenges', 'retaliatory measures', 'The IMF', 'The Kremlin', 'legal action', 'frozen assets', 'Russian funds', 'war', 'EU', 'Belgium', 'interest', 'Ukraine', 'France', 'Spain', 'Kyiv', 'defense', 'concerns', 'Moscow', 'trust', 'move']",2025-03-22,2025-03-22,timesofindia.indiatimes.com
49563,Euroclear,Bing API,https://english.nv.ua/russian-war/over-32-billion-in-russian-assets-remain-frozen-in-uk-50499965.html,Over $32 billion in Russian assets remain frozen in UK,The UK government has frozen more than $32 billion in Russian assets since Moscow launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022  HM Treasury announced March 21.,Over $32 billion in Russian assets remain frozen in UK 22 March  12:48 AM The Bank of England (Photo: REUTERS/Paul Hackett/File Photo)The UK government has frozen more than $32 billion in Russian assets since Moscow launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022  HM Treasury announced March 21.Officials said the freezing of approximately GBP25 billion (over $32 billion) in Russian sovereign assets in Britain is the result of “the harshest sanctions Russia has ever faced.”“Working with our allies  we have cut off over $400 billion from Russia — roughly equivalent to four years of its military spending ” said Emma Reynolds  Economic Secretary to the Treasury.AdReynolds added that London will “continue to apply our financial sanctions decisively as part of our broader response to Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine.”Since the start of the full-scale invasion  authorities abroad have identified nearly EUR280 billion ($305 billion) in frozen assets belonging to Russia’s central bank  more than two-thirds of which are held in European Union countries.Bloomberg previously reported that the EU is seeking “more aggressive” means to confiscate the frozen assets of Russia’s central bank. The bloc  along with the G7 nations and Australia  has already frozen about $280 billion in Russian securities and cash  mostly through Belgium’s Euroclear clearing system.According to the U.S. Treasury  sanctions against influential Russian figures have additionally frozen around $58 billion in assets  including luxury real estate  yachts  and private jets.Will you support Ukraine’s free press? Dear reader  as all news organizations  we must balance the pressures of delivering timely  accurate  and relevant stories with requirements to fund our business operations. As a Ukrainian-based media  we also have another responsibility – to amplify Ukraine’s voice to the world during the crucial moment of its existence as a political nation. It’s the support of our readers that lets us continue doing our job. We keep our essential reporting free because we believe in our ultimate purpose: an independent  democratic Ukraine. If you’re willing to support Ukraine  consider subscribing to our Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Please help us continue fighting Russian propaganda. Truth can be hard to tell from fiction these days. Every viewpoint has its audience of backers and supporters  no matter how absurd. If conscious disinformation is reinforced by state propaganda apparatus and budget  its outcomes may become deadly. There is no solution to this  other than independent  honest  and accurate reporting. We remain committed to empowering the Ukrainian voice to push against the muck. If you’re willing to stand up for the truth – consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. Thank you very much.Will you help tell Ukraine’s story to the world? Twenty years ago  most people hadn’t even heard of Ukraine. Today  the country is on everyone’s lips and everyone’s headlines. War pushed us on the front page. But there are many other things we do that we are proud of – from music and culture to technology. We need your help to tell the world Ukrainian story of resilience  joy  and survival. If you’re willing to back our effort  consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Follow us on Twitter  Facebook and Google News,neutral,0.0,0.71,0.29,mixed,0.33,0.23,0.44,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'UK', 'European Union countries', 'Euroclear clearing system', 'luxury real estate', 'many other things', 'state propaganda apparatus', 'influential Russian figures', 'REUTERS/Paul Hackett/File Photo', 'U.S. Treasury', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'independent, democratic Ukraine', 'world Ukrainian story', 'Russian propaganda', 'Russian assets', 'Russian securities', 'The Bank', 'full-scale invasion', 'HM Treasury', 'four years', 'military spending', 'Emma Reynolds', 'Economic Secretary', 'Ad Reynolds', 'broader response', 'brutal invasion', 'frozen assets', 'central bank', 'aggressive” means', 'G7 nations', 'private jets', 'free press', 'Dear reader', 'news organizations', 'relevant stories', 'business operations', 'Ukrainian-based media', 'crucial moment', 'political nation', 'essential reporting', 'ultimate purpose', 'conscious disinformation', 'accurate reporting', 'Ukrainian voice', 'most people', 'front page', 'Google News', 'harshest sanctions', 'financial sanctions', 'UK government', 'March', 'England', 'Moscow', 'February', 'Officials', 'freezing', 'Britain', 'result', 'allies', 'London', 'part', 'start', 'authorities', 'two-thirds', 'Bloomberg', 'bloc', 'Australia', 'cash', 'Belgium', 'yachts', 'pressures', 'requirements', 'responsibility', 'existence', 'support', 'readers', 'job', 'Patreon', 'month', 'Truth', 'fiction', 'viewpoint', 'audience', 'backers', 'budget', 'outcomes', 'solution', 'muck', 'country', 'everyone', 'lips', 'headlines', 'War', 'music', 'culture', 'technology', 'help', 'resilience', 'joy', 'survival', 'effort', 'Twitter', 'Facebook']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,english.nv.ua
49564,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-b-rse-full-2024-070631479.html,Deutsche Börse Full Year 2024 Earnings: EPS Beats Expectations,Full Year 2024 Results Key Financial Results Revenue: €5.80b (up 15% from FY 2023).,Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) Full Year 2024 ResultsKey Financial ResultsRevenue: €5.80b (up 15% from FY 2023).Net income: €1.95b (up 13% from FY 2023).Profit margin: 34% (in line with FY 2023).EPS: €10.60 (up from €9.35 in FY 2023).XTRA:DB1 Revenue and Expenses Breakdown March 22nd 2025All figures shown in the chart above are for the trailing 12 month (TTM) periodDeutsche Börse EPS Beats ExpectationsRevenue was in line with analyst estimates. Earnings per share (EPS) surpassed analyst estimates by 2.2%.The primary driver behind last 12 months revenue was the Trading & Clearing segment contributing a total revenue of €2.41b (41% of total revenue). The largest operating expense was General & Administrative costs  amounting to €1.74b (45% of total expenses). Explore how DB1's revenue and expenses shape its earnings.Looking ahead  revenue is forecast to grow 5.0% p.a. on average during the next 3 years  compared to a 3.7% growth forecast for the Capital Markets industry in Germany.Performance of the German Capital Markets industry.The company's shares are down 1.0% from a week ago.Risk AnalysisYou still need to take note of risks  for example - Deutsche Börse has 1 warning sign we think you should be aware of.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.46,0.26,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Full Year 2024 Earnings', 'EPS', 'Expectations', 'trailing 12 month (TTM) period', 'German Capital Markets industry', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Key Financial Results Revenue', 'Deutsche Börse EPS', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'largest operating expense', 'Simply Wall St', 'last 12 months revenue', 'long-term focused analysis', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'Net income', 'Profit margin', 'analyst estimates', 'primary driver', 'Clearing segment', 'total revenue', 'Administrative costs', 'next 3 years', '3.7% growth forecast', 'Risk Analysis', '1 warning sign', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'Expenses Breakdown', 'total expenses', 'DB1 Revenue', 'ETR', 'FY', 'line', 'XTRA', 'figures', 'chart', 'Expectations', 'Earnings', 'share', 'Trading', 'General', 'Germany', 'Performance', 'note', 'risks', 'example', 'feedback', 'article', 'content', 'touch', 'editorial-team', 'simplywallst', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'stock', 'account', 'objectives', 'position']",2025-03-22,2025-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
49565,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3046845/0/en/Invitation-to-the-ordinary-general-shareholders-meeting.html,Invitation to the ordinary general shareholders meeting,Ghent  BELGIUM  March  21  2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated information  Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”) ...,Ghent  BELGIUM  March 21  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated informationBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  has the honour to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights and all other persons entitled to participate in its shareholders meetings  to the ordinary general shareholders meeting that will be held on Tuesday  22 April 2025  10.00h CEST at the Company’s headquarters.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by mail or by written proxy. Furthermore  the Company recommends its securities holders to exercise their right to ask questions about the agenda items for the shareholders meeting in writing in advance of the meeting. More information about voting by mail or by written proxy and exercising the right to ask questions can be found in the convening notice.In order to be admitted to the shareholders meeting  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the Company’s Articles of Association and meet the requirements outlined in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the shareholders meeting can be found on the Company’s website.- ENDS -For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ordinary general shareholders meeting', 'Invitation', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'ordinary general shareholders meeting', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'safer food supply', 'sustainable crop protection', 'Agricultural Technology', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'subscription rights', 'other persons', 'voting rights', 'agenda items', 'convening notice', 'Belgian Code', 'other documents', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Investor Relations', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'shareholders meetings', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'securities holders', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'March', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'honour', 'Tuesday', 'April', '10.00h', 'headquarters', 'mail', 'written', 'proxy', 'questions', 'writing', 'advance', 'order', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'requirements', 'website', 'ENDS', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', '9']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3046870/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 13 March 2025 to 19 March 2025  Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 February 2025 ......,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 13 March 2025 to 19 March 2025Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 February 2025   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 13 March 2025 to 19 March 2025  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 75 855 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 13 March 2025 to 19 March 2025:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 13 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 10 619 36.27 36.62 35.62 385 151 MTF CBOE 7 546 36.25 36.62 35.64 273 543 MTF Turquoise 1 642 36.24 36.62 35.66 59 506 MTF Aquis 954 36.21 36.60 35.66 34 544 14 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 8 641 35.86 36.18 35.62 309 866 MTF CBOE 4 066 35.74 36.06 35.60 145 319 MTF Turquoise 870 35.76 36.04 35.58 31 111 MTF Aquis 423 35.89 36.00 35.78 15 181 17 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 9 821 36.38 36.60 36.18 357 288 MTF CBOE 3 847 36.37 36.54 36.22 139 915 MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 18 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 10 089 36.62 37.18 36.22 369 459 MTF CBOE 3 911 36.68 37.18 36.30 143 455 MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 19 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 9 560 36.46 36.62 36.28 348 558 MTF CBOE 3 866 36.45 36.60 36.28 140 916 MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — Total 75 855 36.30 37.18 35.58 2 753 813Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 4 121 shares during the period from 13 March 2025 to 19 March 2025 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 3 400 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 13 March 2025 to 19 March 2025:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 13 March 2025 1 521 35.82 36.16 35.60 54 482 14 March 2025 600 35.77 35.90 35.60 21 462 17 March 2025 600 36.27 36.30 36.20 21 762 18 March 2025 600 36.76 36.80 36.74 22 056 19 March 2025 800 36.38 36.50 36.30 29 104 Total 4 121 148 866Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 13 March 2025 600 36.50 36.60 36.40 21 900 14 March 2025 400 35.95 36.00 35.90 14 380 17 March 2025 1 200 36.41 36.60 36.22 43 692 18 March 2025 600 36.84 37.00 36.72 22 104 19 March 2025 600 36.58 36.70 36.52 21 948 Total 3 400 124 024The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 30 567 shares.On 19 March 2025 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 767 100 own shares  or 5.10% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.13,0.12,0.75,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'total maximum consideration', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'next tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '75 855 shares', '4 121 shares', '3 400 shares', '30 567 shares', 'Update', '13 March', '19 March', '28 February', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '18 March', '25 June', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '151', '2 767 100']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3047210/0/en/LUMIBIRD-ACCESS-TO-PREPARATORY-DOCUMENTS-FOR-THE-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-ON-APRIL-29-2025.html,LUMIBIRD: ACCESS TO PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS FOR THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING ON APRIL 29  2025,Lannion  March 21  2025– 5:45pm  LUMIBIRD: ACCESS TO PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS FOR THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING ON APRIL 29  2025  LUMIBIRD’s shareholders...,Lannion  March 21  2025– 5:45pmLUMIBIRD: ACCESS TO PREPARATORY DOCUMENTSFOR THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING ON APRIL 29  2025LUMIBIRD’s shareholders are informed that they are invited to take part in the Combined General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 29th  2025 from 2:00pm (CET) at 15 rue du Zéphyr  ZA de Courtabœuf  91140 VILLEJUST- France.The meeting notice containing the agenda  the text of the resolutions and the main conditions for taking part in and voting at the General Meeting was published in the French official gazette (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires  BALO) on March 19  2025 (Bulletin no.34/ Notice no. 2500690).It can be downloaded from LUMIBIRD’s website at www.lumibird.com and the BALO site at balo.journal-officiel.gouv.fr.Shareholders are invited to vote by post or email or by proxy using the dedicated voting form  available on the Company’s website (www.lumibird.com)  or online with the secure voting platform VOTACCESS.In accordance with the law  all the documents to be provided for this General Meeting will be made available to shareholders under the conditions and within the regulatory timeframes applicable  on LUMIBIRD’s website www.lumibird.com  under “Regulated Information / Proxy material for AGMs”  and at LUMIBIRD’s registered office at 2  rue Paul Sabatier  22300 Lannion  France.These documents will also be able to be sent out to shareholders following a simple request submitted to:UPTEVIAService Assemblées GénéralesMs Nadia Goul90 – 110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle92931 Paris La Défense Cedexand/or:LUMIBIRDMs Aude Nomblot-GourhandFinancial DirectorTel: +33 (0)1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.comNext: publication Q1 2025 sales on 28/04/2025  after close of tradingLUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading laser specialists. With over 50 years' experience and expertise in solid-state  diode and fibre laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and distributes high-performance laser solutions via two divisions: Photonics and Medical. The Photonics Division designs and produces components  lasers and systems for the defence and space  environment  topography and security  industrial and scientific  and medtech markets. The Medical branch designs and produces medical diagnostic and treatment systems for ophthalmology.The result of the October 2017 merger between the Keopsys and Quantel Groups  LUMIBIRD  with more than 1 000 employees and €207.1m in sales in 2024  is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris. FR0000038242 - LBIRD www.lumibird.comLUMIBIRD has been a member of Euronext since 2022.Tech LeadersContactsLUMIBIRDMarc Le FlohicChairman and Chief Executive OfficerTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com LUMIBIRDSonia RutnamChief Financial and Transformation OfficerTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com CalyptusMathieu CalleuxInvestor RelationsTel. +33(0) 1 53 65 37 91lumibird@actus.frAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.07,0.28,0.66,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'LUMIBIRD', 'ACCESS', 'APRIL', 'UPTEVIA Service Assemblées Générales', 'Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Général de', 'ZA de Courtabœuf', '15 rue du Zéphyr', '2, rue Paul Sabatier', 'French official gazette', 'Ms Nadia Goul', 'Ms Aude Nomblot-Gourhand', 'leading laser specialists', 'fibre laser technologies', 'high-performance laser solutions', 'Marc Le Flohic', 'dedicated voting form', 'secure voting platform', 'The Photonics Division', 'The Medical branch', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Euronext Paris', 'Chief Financial', 'Transformation Officer', 'regulatory timeframes', 'Regulated Information', 'registered office', 'simple request', 'Financial Director', ""50 years' experience"", 'two divisions', 'medtech markets', 'medical diagnostic', 'October 2017 merger', 'Quantel Groups', 'compartment B', 'Tech Leaders', 'Sonia Rutnam', 'Mathieu Calleux', 'Investor Relations', 'meeting notice', '91140 VILLEJUST- France', 'main conditions', 'Proxy material', 'Q1 2025 sales', 'treatment systems', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'BALO site', 'LUMIBIRD shares', 'Lannion', 'March', '45pm', 'ACCESS', 'APRIL', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', '2:00pm', 'agenda', 'text', 'resolutions', 'website', 'journal', 'officiel', 'post', 'email', 'Company', 'accordance', 'law', 'AGMs', '110 Esplanade', 'publication', '28/04', 'close', 'trading', 'world', 'expertise', 'diode', 'components', 'lasers', 'defence', 'space', 'environment', 'topography', 'security', 'industrial', 'scientific', 'ophthalmology', 'result', 'Keopsys', '1,000 employees', 'Europe', 'America', 'Asia', 'LBIRD', 'member', 'Contacts', 'Chairman', 'Tel.', 'Calyptus', 'actus', 'Attachment', '53']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3046842/0/en/Nyrstar-NV-Update-regarding-the-judgment-of-the-indictment-chamber-in-Brussels-dated-5-March-2025.html,Nyrstar NV – Update regarding the judgment of the indictment chamber in Brussels dated 5 March 2025,Regulated information – inside information  Nyrstar NV – Update regarding the judgment of the indictment chamber in Brussels dated 5 March 2025  21...,Regulated information – inside informationNyrstar NV – Update regarding the judgment of the indictment chamber in Brussels dated 5 March 202521 March 2025 at 07.00 CETNyrstar NV (“Nyrstar”  or the “Company”) today provides an additional update regarding the criminal proceedings in Brussels.As communicated in a press release dated 5 March 2025 (see link)  the indictment chamber of the Brussels court of appeal dismissed the Company from prosecution in a judgment of that day.The FSMA has requested Nyrstar to provide the market with additional information regarding this judgment. Nyrstar has therefore decided to publish the judgment in its entirety and in anonymized form (in respect of identification details of natural and legal persons  other than Nyrstar) on its website: https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/restructuring/summary-of-ongoing-proceedingsAbout Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar NV website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Company Secretary company.secretary@nyrstarnv.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.38,0.62,True,English,"['Nyrstar NV', 'indictment chamber', 'Update', 'judgment', 'Brussels', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'indictment chamber', 'press release', 'anonymized form', 'identification details', 'legal persons', 'additional update', 'criminal proceedings', 'Brussels court', 'The FSMA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Regulated information', 'additional information', 'Company Secretary', 'judgment', '21 March', '07.00 CET', 'link', 'appeal', 'prosecution', 'day', 'market', 'entirety', 'respect', 'natural', 'nyrstarnv.', 'investors', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'Attachment']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3046858/0/en/ARGAN-S-COMBINED-GENERAL-ASSEMBLY-OF-MARCH-20-2025.html,ARGAN’S COMBINED GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF MARCH 20  2025,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  March 21  2025 – 8.00 am     ARGAN’s Combined General Assembly of March 20  2025   Accelerated development...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  March 21  2025 – 8.00 amARGAN’s Combined General Assembly of March 20  2025Accelerated development plan for 2025-2026: investments up +30%2024 dividend up +5% (at €3.30/share)with scrip dividend optionThe combined general meeting of ARGAN shareholders was held on Thursday March 20  2025  at the Hyatt Regency in Paris.ARGAN is accelerating its development plan over the 2025-2026 period while pursuing debt reductionOn the occasion of the General Meeting held this Thursday  March 20  2025  ARGAN announced a significant increase in its investments over 2 years (2025 and 2026) by boosting the volume of already identified investments by close to +30%.Now standing at €220 million (vs. €170 million announced at the beginning of the year1)  the development plan for 2025-2026 includes new projects identified in the first quarter of 2025. These investments are thus made of 11 developments all pre-let to blue-chip clients  leading players of their respective sectors  including 3 acquisitions2 representing around 60% of the volume. Presented by year  these investments are allocated as follows:2025 : close to €105 million through four new self-development projects andone acquisition ;: and ; 2026: close to €115 million through three new self-development projects  one extension and two acquisitions.As previously announced  the average yield of investments for 2025 and 2026 is of about 6%  including 7% for self-developments and 5% for all acquisitions.These achievements  on a backdrop of sluggish economic environment  testify to the relevance of ARGAN’s model notably driven by Aut0nom®  the ’in-use’ net carbon zero warehouse. In accordance with its strategy combining growth and debt reduction  ARGAN will self-finance its 2025-2026 developments through cash flow generated by its operations and a program of selective asset disposals  with a target amount of approximately €180 million (vs. around €125 million previously1).Dividend up by +5% with approved renewals and appointments to the Supervisory BoardAs of this date  the total number of existing shares stands at 25 414 552  with a total number of voting rights of 25 394 580. At this General Meeting  the shareholders present  duly represented  having validly granted proxy to the Chairman or voted by mail  collectively held 20 763 281 shares and an equal number of voting rights  representing 81.76% of the total.The combined General Meeting of shareholders notably approved the following proposed resolutions:Resolution n°4 offering the distribution of a dividend of €3.30 / share ;; Resolution n°5 offering the option for dividend payment in shares (on the full dividend) with a subscription price of €57.12 (95% applied to the average of the first listed prices of the share during the 20 days preceding the General Meeting that is reduced by the amount of the dividend);(95% applied to the average of the first listed prices of the share during the 20 days preceding the General Meeting that is reduced by the amount of the dividend); Resolutions n°19 and n°20 regarding the respective renewals of the mandates ofJean-Claude Le Lan and Hubert Rodarie as members of the Supervisory Board ;; Resolution n°21 validating the provisional appointment of Eric Donnet as a member of the Supervisory Board ; and; and Resolutions n°22 and n°23 regarding the respective appointments of Véronique Le Lan and Florence Habib-Deloncle as censors of the Supervisory Board.The ex-dividend date will be March 26  2025  and the payment date will be April 17  2025.The option for payment in shares has to be exercised from March 28 until April 11  2025  included. After this period  shareholders who have not opted for dividend payment in shares will receive their dividend in cash.Taxation of the dividend:Regarding individual shareholders residing in France  this dividend of €3.30:Is deducted from the tax-exempt profits of the SIIC and is not eligible for the 40% tax allowance referred to in Article 158-3-2° of the French General Tax Code for an amount of €2.50 However  it is reminded that  for these same shareholders and except in specific cases  this dividend will be fully subject to the flat tax at an overall rate of 30% and will only be subject to the income tax scale  with the application of the aforementioned 40% allowance  if certain shareholders opt for it when filing their annual income tax return.Constitutes a capital repayment for an amount of €0.80.The full minutes of the General Meeting of March 20  2025  are available on the company's website.The replay (in French) of the 2025 General Meeting is available on the argan.fr website via: https://www.argan.fr/en/investors/regulated-information/general-assemblies/general-assemblies-2025/2025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)April 1: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 17: Half-year results 2025October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20252026 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 5: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2025quarter 2025 January 22: Annual results 2025March 26: General Assembly 2026About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach  ARGAN develops PREMIUM and Au0nom® -labelled – i.e.  carbon-neutral in use – pre-let warehouses for blue-chip companies  with tailor-made services throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.As at December 31  2024  ARGAN represented a portfolio of 3.7 million sq.m  with about a hundred warehouses solely located in the continental area of France. Appraised at a total of €3.9 billion  this portfolio generates a yearly rental income of close to €205 million (yearly rental income based on the portfolio delivered as at Dec. 31  2024).Profitability  well-mastered debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. The financial solidity of the Group’s model is notably reflected in its Investment-grade rating (BBB- with a stable outlook) with Standard & Poor’s. ARGAN is also deploying a committed ESG policy addressing all its stakeholders. Achievements as part of this roadmap are regularly recognized by third-party agencies such as Sustainalytics (low extra-financial risk)  Ethifinance (gold medal) and Ecovadis (sliver medal – top 15% amongst rated companies).ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.com1 For more information  please refer to the press release of January 16  2025.2 2 acquisitions have already been finalized and a third is subject to standard conditions precedent until it is finalized.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.67,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL ASSEMBLY', 'ARGAN', 'MARCH', 'Véronique Le Lan', 'four new self-development projects', 'three new self-development projects', 'net carbon zero warehouse', 'annual income tax return', 'French General Tax Code', 'Jean-Claude Le Lan', 'income tax scale', 'sluggish economic environment', 'selective asset disposals', 'first listed prices', 'Combined General Assembly', 'combined general meeting', 'Accelerated development plan', 'new projects', 'scrip dividend option', 'argan.fr website', 'flat tax', '2025 General Meeting', '40% tax allowance', 'Net sales', 'first quarter', 'Press release', 'Hyatt Regency', 'debt reduction', 'significant increase', 'chip clients', 'leading players', 'respective sectors', 'one acquisition', 'one extension', 'Supervisory Board', 'voting rights', 'equal number', 'subscription price', 'Hubert Rodarie', 'provisional appointment', 'Eric Donnet', 'Florence Habib-Deloncle', 'tax-exempt profits', 'specific cases', 'overall rate', 'capital repayment', 'full minutes', '2025 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', 'total number', 'ex-dividend date', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '2025-2026 period', 'two acquisitions', '2025-2026 developments', 'cash flow', 'respective renewals', 'respective appointments', 'individual shareholders', 'same shareholders', 'full dividend', 'payment date', 'average yield', 'target amount', 'existing shares', 'dividend payment', 'ARGAN shareholders', '11 developments', '40% allowance', '2024 dividend', '20,763,281 shares', 'Friday', 'March', 'investments', 'Thursday', 'Paris', 'occasion', '2 years', 'volume', 'beginning', 'blue', '3 acquisitions2', 'self-developments', 'achievements', 'backdrop', 'relevance', 'model', 'Aut0nom®', 'accordance', 'strategy', 'growth', 'operations', 'program', 'proxy', 'Chairman', 'mail', 'following', 'resolutions', 'distribution', '20 days', 'mandates', 'members', 'censors', 'April', 'Taxation', 'France', 'SIIC', 'Article', 'application', 'company', 'replay', 'investors', 'regulated', 'information', 'general-assemblies', 'Publication', 'closing', 'October', '8.00']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3046860/0/en/CARBIOS-announces-changes-to-its-governance-and-reaffirms-its-strategic-objectives.html,CARBIOS announces changes to its governance and reaffirms its strategic objectives,The Board of Directors has appointed Isabelle PARIZE as its Chairwoman and Vincent KAMEL as Chief Executive Officer with immediate effectCARBIOS......,The Board of Directors has appointed Isabelle PARIZE as its Chairwoman and Vincent KAMEL as Chief Executive Officer with immediate effectCARBIOS reaffirms its objective of building its PET biorecycling plant in Longlaville once additional financing has been securedClermont-Ferrand (France)  Friday 21 March 2025 (8:00am CET). CARBIOS   (Euronext Growth Paris : ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles  announces the resignation of Philippe Pouletty from term of office as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director  as well as from his term of office as Chief Executive Officer  a position he had accepted on a transitional basis on 18 December 2024.The Board of Directors has taken note of this decision and thanks Philippe Pouletty for his contribution to CARBIOS' development.The Board of Directors has appointed Isabelle Parize as Chairwoman of the Board and Vincent Kamel as Chief Executive Officer with immediate effect.Continuing the work already undertaken  Vincent Kamel will focus on successfully executing CARBIOS' strategic objectives  including securing the additional financing needed to build its PET biorecycling plant in Longlaville.Isabelle Parize  Chairwoman of the Board of Directors  CARBIOS: “On behalf of the Board of Directors  we would like to express our gratitude to Dr. Philippe Pouletty  co-founder of CARBIOS  for his commitment and contribution since the creation of the company.”Isabelle Parize is CEO of DELSEY. Isabelle Parize began her career at Procter & Gamble  where she held strategic positions in marketing and brand management for 13 years. She then joined Henkel as Vice President EMEA. On the strength of this experience  she became head of Canal Sat  the French media group. She then pursued her career in the beauty sector  becoming President of the Managing Board of Nocibé  one of France's leading perfume retailers  in 2011. In 2015  she was appointed Managing Director of Douglas AG  a European perfume giant  where she steered the company's expansion and modernization.In 2018  she took a new role as CEO of DELSEY. Between 2021 and 2025  she will continue to support the Group as President of its Supervisory Board. Isabelle Parize has served on Coty Inc.'s since 2020.Isabelle Parize has been a member of the CARBIOS Board of Directors since 2022.Vincent Kamel  with over 38 years' experience in the polymer and chemical industries  has held management positions in companies such as Rhône-Poulenc  Rhodia and Solvay  both in France and abroad (China  South Korea  Brazil)  notably as General Manager of Solvay's polyamide division  Director of the Coatis business unit and Director for Asia in the engineering plastics sector.Vincent Kamel has been involved in CARBIOS’ development since 2021 as a member of the company's Board of Directors  and since December 2024  as an advisor to CARBIOS’ executive management.###About CARBIOS:CARBIOS is a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles. Inspired by nature  CARBIOS develops enzyme-based processes to break down plastic with a mission to avoid plastic and textile pollution and accelerate the transition to a circular economy. Its two disruptive technologies for the biorecycling of PET and the biodegradation of PLA are reaching industrial and commercial scale. Its biorecycling demonstration plant has been operational since 2021 and construction work of the world’s first industrial biorecycling plant is expected to restart between June and September 2025  subject to the necessary additional funding. CARBIOS  founded by Truffle Capital  has received scientific recognition  notably with the cover of Nature and a second article published by Nature  and is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  Food & Beverage and apparel industries to enhance their products’ recyclability and circularity. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by CARBIOS and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp. and Salomon collaborate with CARBIOS in a textile consortium.CARBIOS is part of the B Corp™ global community of companies using business as a force for good.Visit www.carbios.com/en to find out more about biotechnology powering plastic and textile circularity.LinkedIn: carbios / Instagram: insidecarbiosInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code FR0011648716Ticker Code Euronext Growth: ALCRBLEI: 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08CARBIOS  founded in 2011 by Truffle Capital  is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.Disclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by CARBIOS. CARBIOS operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. CARBIOS draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results  cash flows  its partnerships and corporate agreements  and the development of the sector in which CARBIOS operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if CARBIOS’ financial position  results  cash flows  its partnerships and corporate agreements  and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of CARBIOS’ future results or developments. Readers are also advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors occur or others  in no case whatsoever will CARBIOS be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. CARBIOS makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.For additional information  please contact:CARBIOSMelissa FlauraudPress Relationsmelissa.flauraud@carbios.com+33 (0)6 30 26 50 04CARBIOSBenjamin AudebertInvestor Relationscontact@carbios.com+33 (0)4 73 86 51 76Press Relations (DACH & UK)MC ServicesAnne Henneckecarbios@mc-services.eu+49 (0)211 529 252 22Translation is for information purposes only.In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the French version shall prevail.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['strategic objectives', 'CARBIOS', 'changes', 'governance', 'B Corp™ global community', 'first industrial biorecycling plant', 'biorecycling demonstration plant', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading perfume retailers', 'European perfume giant', 'L’Oréal', 'income tax rebates', 'engineering plastics sector', 'two disruptive technologies', 'PET biorecycling plant', 'necessary additional funding', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Coatis business unit', 'Dr. Philippe Pouletty', 'Vice President EMEA', 'French media group', ""CARBIOS' strategic objectives"", 'CARBIOS’ executive management', 'PVH Corp.', 'biological technologies', 'strategic positions', 'beauty sector', 'French residents', 'additional financing', 'brand management', 'management positions', 'Isabelle PARIZE', 'Vincent KAMEL', 'immediate effect', 'life cycle', 'transitional basis', 'Canal Sat', 'Douglas AG', 'new role', 'Coty Inc.', 'chemical industries', 'Rhône-Poulenc', 'South Korea', 'General Manager', 'polyamide division', 'biological solutions', 'enzyme-based processes', 'textile pollution', 'circular economy', 'commercial scale', 'Truffle Capital', 'scientific recognition', 'second article', 'prestigious brands', 'apparel industries', 'products’ recyclability', 'Nestlé Waters', 'packaging consortium', 'textile consortium', 'insidecarbios Information', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker Code', 'government program', 'forward-looking statements', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'construction work', 'Suntory Beverage', 'Food Europe', 'textile circularity', 'The Board', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'CARBIOS shares', 'historical data', 'Managing Director', 'biotech company', ""CARBIOS' development"", 'CARBIOS’ development', ""38 years' experience"", 'CARBIOS Board', '13 years', 'Directors', 'Chairwoman', 'Longlaville', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'Friday', 'March', '00am', 'ALCRB', 'pioneer', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'resignation', 'term', 'Chairman', '18 December', 'note', 'decision', 'contribution', 'behalf', 'gratitude', 'founder', 'commitment', 'creation', 'CEO', 'DELSEY', 'career', 'Procter', 'Gamble', 'marketing', 'Henkel', 'strength', 'head', 'Nocibé', 'expansion', 'modernization', 'member', 'polymer', 'companies', 'Rhodia', 'Solvay', 'China', 'Brazil', 'Asia', 'advisor', 'nature', 'mission', 'biodegradation', 'world', 'June', 'September', 'cover', 'cosmetics', 'PepsiCo', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'part', 'force', 'good', 'biotechnology', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'LEI', '969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08', 'PEA-PME', 'SMEs', 'Disclaimer', 'guarantee', 'facts', 'assumptions', 'estimates']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/21/3047222/0/en/Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-Availability-of-the-2024-Universal-Registration-Document-and-terms-for-holding-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-SE-on-April-29-20.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield: Availability of the 2024 Universal Registration Document and terms for holding the Combined General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE on April 29  2025,Paris  March 21  2025  Press release  Availability of the 2024 Universal Registration Document and terms for holding the Combined General Meeting of......,Paris  March 21  2025Press releaseAvailability of the 2024 Universal Registration Document and terms for holding the Combined General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE on April 29  2025The 2024 Universal Registration Document of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE was filed today with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).The 2024 Universal Registration Document includes the 2024 annual financial report  which comprises in particular:the report of the Supervisory Board on the Corporate Governance the sustainability report the Statutory Auditors’ reports and the report on the certification of sustainability information the description of the share buy-back programme.The 2024 Universal Registration Document is made available to the public in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and is available on the Company’s website www.urw.com (under Investors/General Meetings).The Combined General Meeting of shareholders of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE will be held at Palais des Congrès de Paris (2  place de la Porte Maillot  salle Bordeaux – 75017 Paris  France) on Tuesday April 29  2025  at 10:30 am (Paris time).The formal notice to shareholders (Avis de réunion à l’Assemblée Générale valant avis de convocation) was published today  in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) and set out the Combined General Meeting agenda  the proposed resolutions  as well as the terms for attending and voting at this General Meeting. Such notice is available on the Company’s website www.urw.com (under Investors/General Meetings).For more information  please contact:Investor RelationsMeriem Delfi+33 7 63 45 59 77investor.relations@urw.comJuliette Aulagnon+33 6 15 74 20 43investor.relations@urw.comImane Rafiky+33 6 10 95 86 88investor.relations@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Etienne Dubanchet – PLEAD+33 6 62 70 09 43Etienne.Dubanchet@plead.frAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 67 shopping centres in 11 countries  including 39 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3.5 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Its xi €50 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2024).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places plan  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'Availability', 'terms', 'April', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Assemblée Générale', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'Palais des Congrès', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Combined General Meeting agenda', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'share buy-back programme', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'urban regeneration projects', 'Better Places plan', 'positive environmental, social', 'Chess Depositary Interests', '€3.5 Bn development pipeline', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', '2024 annual financial report', 'xi €50 Bn portfolio', 'mixed-use assets', 'high-quality offices', 'General Meetings', 'mixed-use development', 'sustainability report', 'Press release', 'Supervisory Board', 'Corporate Governance', 'Porte Maillot', 'formal notice', 'réunion', 'Such notice', 'Meriem Delfi', 'Juliette Aulagnon', 'Imane Rafiky', 'United States', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', 'committed partner', 'economic impact', 'stapled shares', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Standard & Poor', 'Baa2 rating', 'sustainability information', 'dynamic cities', 'major cities', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'Tuesday April', 'Avis de', '67 shopping centres', 'Media Relations', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Etienne Dubanchet', 'The Group', 'Investor Relations', '75017 Paris', 'Availability', 'terms', 'certification', 'description', 'public', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'Company', 'website', 'urw', 'Investors', 'shareholders', 'salle', 'Bordeaux', 'France', 'convocation', 'BALO', 'resolutions', 'UK', 'Global', 'Finelk', 'PLEAD', 'owner', 'developer', 'operator', 'Europe', '11 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'communities', 'Ticker', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'Attachment', '10:30']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,globenewswire.com
49572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.gov.uk/government/news/the-prime-minister-has-appointed-5-trustees-to-the-tate,The Prime Minister has appointed 5 Trustees to the Tate,The Prime Minister has appointed Nick Clarry  Sir Isaac Julien CBE  Jack Kirkland and June Sarpong OBE as trustees of the Tate; their four year terms will start on 24 March 2025. The Prime Minister has also appointed Tim Richards CBE as a Trustee of the Tate …,Nick ClarryNick is a Managing Partner at CVC Capital Partners  a global private equity firm  which is listed on EuroNext. Nick joined CVC in 2003 and is based in London  where he is responsible for Sports  Media & Entertainment investment. Nick serves on the CVC Foundation Philanthropy Committee and has also sought to provide philanthropic support to a number of organisations in London over the last 20 years  including The Old Vic  the British Film Institute and the Courtauld Institute among others.Nick has served as the Chair at The Old Vic Theatre since 2014  which is one of the leading not-for-profit theatres in the UK  working in the arts  education and the community. Nick holds an MA in Economics from the University of Cambridge.Sir Isaac Julien CBE RASir Isaac is a critically acclaimed British artist and filmmaker. In 2018  Julien joined the faculty at the University of California Santa Cruz where he is a Distinguished Professor of the Arts and leads the Moving Image Lab together with Arts Professor Mark Nash.He has been making films and producing film installations for over forty years  including: Once Again… (Statues Never Die) (2022)  Lina Bo Bardi – A Marvellous Entanglement (2019)  Lessons of the Hour – Frederick Douglass (2019)  Playtime (2014)  Ten Thousand Waves (2010)  Western Union: small boats (2007)  True North (2004)  Baltimore (2003)  Paradise Omeros (2002)  and Vagabondia (2000).Current and recent international solo exhibitions include: Lessons of the Hour  The Museum of Modern Art  New York  2024; What Freedom is to Me  Bonnefanten Museum  Maastricht  2024; K21  Dusseldorf  2023; Tate Britain  London  2023; Lina Bo Bardi  A Marvellous Entanglement  Philadelphia Museum of Art  Philadelphia  2023; Once Again… (Statues Never Die)  Barnes Foundation  Philadelphia  2022.Julien is the recipient of The Royal Academy of Arts Charles Wollaston Award 2017 and a Kaiserring Goslar Award in 2022. In 2022 he was awarded a Knighthood for services to diversity and inclusion in art.Jack KirklandJack is a businessman and philanthropist. He is executive Chair of Bowmer and Kirkland  one of the UK’s largest and most successful construction and real estate companies. Bowmer and Kirkland builds for clients throughout Great Britain and also engages in property development through its Peveril Securities arm and joint venture partners. The group also has a large number of subsidiary companies that provide construction specialisms both to the rest of the group and other clients.In philanthropy  Jack founded and chairs The Ampersand Foundation  a grant-giving charity focused on the visual arts. He is also a trustee of the Bridget Riley Art Foundation and from 2015 to 2020  he was Chair of Nottingham Contemporary.Tim Richards CBETim is the Founder and CEO of Vue Entertainment  the largest privately held cinema operator in Europe. He is an industry commentator in print  radio and television and has supported British and Independent film for the past three and a half decades.Prior to entering the entertainment industry  Tim was a Wall Street lawyer engaged in international finance and cross-border mergers and acquisitions while based in London and New York. In February of 2021  after 7 years as a Governor of the British Film Institute (BFI)  Tim was appointed as Chair of the BFI.In 2015  Tim was awarded the Variety International Children’s Fund Humanitarian Award for his charitable work. In 2024 he was awarded a CBE for his services to British film and Cinema.June Sarpong OBEJune is a television presenter and executive. She is the Co-Founder of the Women: Inspiration & Enterprise (WIE) Network; WIE first launched in NYC in 2010 and then in the UK in 2012 and has featured leading speakers from a gamut of industries.In November 2019 she was appointed as the BBC’s first Director of Creative Diversity and was in this role for 3 years. She was also the first Black woman to sit on the corporation’s Executive Committee and spearheaded the organisation’s $124 million investment in diverse content. June is the author of “Diversify”  “Power of Women”  “Power of Privilege” and “Calling Una Marson.” In 2020 she was awarded an OBE for services to broadcasting.Remuneration and Governance CodeTrustees of the Tate are not remunerated. These appointments have been made in accordance with the Governance Code on Public Appointments. The appointments process is regulated by the Commissioner for Public Appointments.Under the Code  any significant political activity undertaken by an appointee in the last five years must be declared. This is defined as including holding office  public speaking  making a recordable donation  or candidature for election. Jack Kirland has declared he has made a recordable donation to the labour party. June Sarpong OBE has declared she has spoken on behalf of the Labour Party  their candidates and canvassed on behalf of the Labour Party and helped at elections. Nick Clarry  Sir Isaac Julien CBE and Tim Richards CBE have not declared any significant political activity.DCMS has around 400 regulated Public Appointment roles across 42 Public Bodies including Arts Council England  Theatres Trust  the National Gallery  UK Sport and the Gambling Commission. We encourage applications from talented individuals from all backgrounds and across the whole of the United Kingdom. To find out more about Public Appointments or to apply to be a Trustee of a National Museum or Gallery visit the HM Government Public Appointments Website.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['The Prime Minister', '5 Trustees', 'Tate', 'Sir Isaac Julien CBE RA', 'global private equity firm', 'recent international solo exhibitions', 'The Old Vic Theatre', 'Arts Charles Wollaston Award', 'Arts Professor Mark Nash', 'Bridget Riley Art Foundation', 'CVC Foundation Philanthropy Committee', 'Kaiserring Goslar Award', 'Fund Humanitarian Award', 'The Ampersand Foundation', 'California Santa Cruz', 'Moving Image Lab', 'Lina Bo Bardi', 'A Marvellous Entanglement', 'Ten Thousand Waves', 'The Royal Academy', 'Peveril Securities arm', 'joint venture partners', 'a half decades', 'Wall Street lawyer', 'Variety International Children', 'significant political activity', 'CVC Capital Partners', 'leading not-for-profit theatres', 'real estate companies', 'first Black woman', 'Tim Richards CBE', 'June Sarpong OBE', 'last five years', 'British Film Institute', 'Barnes Foundation', 'Distinguished Professor', 'The Museum', 'international finance', 'Executive Committee', 'Courtauld Institute', 'subsidiary companies', 'leading speakers', 'first Director', 'film installations', 'visual arts', 'Independent film', 'last 20 years', 'British artist', 'Managing Partner', 'Entertainment investment', 'philanthropic support', 'Frederick Douglass', 'Western Union', 'small boats', 'True North', 'Paradise Omeros', 'Modern Art', 'New York', 'Bonnefanten Museum', 'successful construction', 'Great Britain', 'property development', 'construction specialisms', 'grant-giving charity', 'Nottingham Contemporary', 'Vue Entertainment', 'industry commentator', 'past three', 'entertainment industry', 'cross-border mergers', 'charitable work', '$124 million investment', 'diverse content', 'Una Marson', 'holding office', 'public speaking', 'recordable donation', 'labour party', 'forty years', 'Public Appointments', 'appointments process', 'Governance Code', 'Tate Britain', 'large number', 'other clients', 'largest privately', 'cinema operator', 'television presenter', 'WIE) Network', 'Creative Diversity', 'Jack Kirland', 'Philadelphia Museum', 'Nick Clarry', 'executive Chair', 'Jack Kirkland', '7 years', '3 years', 'EuroNext', 'London', 'Media', 'organisations', 'others', 'UK', 'education', 'community', 'Economics', 'University', 'Cambridge', 'filmmaker', 'faculty', 'films', 'Statues', 'Lessons', 'Hour', 'Playtime', 'Baltimore', 'Vagabondia', 'Current', 'Freedom', 'Maastricht', 'Dusseldorf', 'recipient', 'Knighthood', 'services', 'inclusion', 'businessman', 'philanthropist', 'Bowmer', 'group', 'rest', 'trustee', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'Europe', 'print', 'radio', 'acquisitions', 'February', 'Governor', 'BFI', 'Women', 'Inspiration', 'Enterprise', 'NYC', 'gamut', 'industries', 'November', 'BBC', 'role', 'corporation', 'author', 'Diversify', 'Power', 'Privilege', 'broadcasting', 'Remuneration', 'accordance', 'Commissioner', 'appointee', 'candidature', 'election', 'behalf', 'candidates', 'DCMS']",2025-03-21,2025-03-22,gov.uk
