UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54230,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629410-eu-downplay-euroclear-russia-lawsuit/,EU downplays Russian lawsuit against Euroclear,The EU has dismissed a lawsuit by Russia against Euroclear  calling it “speculative” Read Full Article at RT.com,Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis has called the case “speculative ” insisting that the bloc is acting within its legal prerogativesEU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis has dismissed a lawsuit filed by the Russian central bank against Euroclear  the Brussels-based depository which holds most of Russia’s frozen sovereign assets  calling it “speculative.”Kiev’s Western backers froze around $300 billion in Russian central bank assets under Ukraine-related sanctions  most of it held at Euroclear.Moscow has long condemned the move. The Bank of Russia announced on Friday that it is filing a lawsuit seeking compensation from Euroclear for damages stemming from its “inability to manage” the assets. This comes amid a dispute between EU nations that are pushing to use the assets as collateral for a ‘reparations loan’ for Kiev  and those that are opposed. A vote on the plan is expected next week.Speaking to reporters on Friday  Dombrovskis said the assets were frozen “in line with EU sanctions and international law ” claiming they were “not seized” and that “the principle of sovereign immunity is respected.”“We can expect that Russia will continue to launch speculative legal proceedings to prevent the EU from upholding international law ” he said  adding that the frozen assets fall under EU jurisdiction.Dombrovskis insisted that European institutions holding Russian assets will be “fully protected” from legal action by the sanctions regime  which allows them to “offset” any losses.His remarks come after the bloc approved controversial legislation on Friday changing the mechanism for keeping the assets frozen  replacing the current system with a long-term arrangement that could keep the freeze in place indefinitely and shield it from vetoes by opposing states. The move is seen as the first step toward advancing a ‘reparations loan’.Some EU states  including Belgium  have raised concerns over the scheme  citing legal and financial risks. Euroclear has criticized it as “fragile” and overly experimental.Russia has condemned the idea of using its assets to aid Ukraine. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called it “a grand scam.”Some analysts view the lawsuit against Euroclear as the opening round in Russia’s fight against the legislation. Although the case was filed in a Russian court  they warn that if it spreads to other jurisdictions  it could trigger lengthy litigation harmful to both Euroclear and the EU  creating logistical hurdles  reputational risks  and damaging the bloc’s investment climate.,negative,0.0,0.41,0.58,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Russian lawsuit', 'EU', 'EU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis', 'Russian central bank assets', 'speculative legal proceedings', 'frozen sovereign assets', 'The Bank', 'Russian court', 'Russian assets', 'sovereign immunity', 'frozen assets', 'EU nations', 'EU sanctions', 'EU jurisdiction', 'legal prerogatives', 'Brussels-based depository', 'Western backers', 'Ukraine-related sanctions', 'reparations loan', 'international law', 'European institutions', 'legal action', 'sanctions regime', 'current system', 'long-term arrangement', 'first step', 'financial risks', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'grand scam', 'opening round', 'other jurisdictions', 'lengthy litigation', 'logistical hurdles', 'reputational risks', 'investment climate', 'EU states', 'controversial legislation', 'case', 'bloc', 'lawsuit', 'Euroclear', 'Kiev', 'Moscow', 'move', 'Friday', 'compensation', 'damages', 'inability', 'dispute', 'collateral', 'vote', 'plan', 'reporters', 'line', 'principle', 'losses', 'remarks', 'mechanism', 'freeze', 'place', 'vetoes', 'opposing', 'Belgium', 'concerns', 'scheme', 'idea', 'analysts', 'fight']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,rt.com
54231,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://sputnikglobe.com/20251213/eu-asset-freeze-sets-dangerous-precedent-for-global-financial-system--expert-1123287414.html,EU Asset Freeze Sets 'Dangerous Precedent' for Global Financial System — Expert,"The EU’s decision to permanently freeze Russian assets is ""an attack on the sovereignty of UN member states"" and a form of ""plundering "" Cuban international relations expert Yosmany Fernández Pacheco told Sputnik.","https://sputnikglobe.com/20251213/eu-asset-freeze-sets-dangerous-precedent-for-global-financial-system--expert-1123287414.htmlEU Asset Freeze Sets 'Dangerous Precedent' for Global Financial System — ExpertEU Asset Freeze Sets 'Dangerous Precedent' for Global Financial System — ExpertSputnik InternationalThe EU’s decision to permanently freeze Russian assets is ""an attack on the sovereignty of UN member states"" and a form of ""plundering "" Cuban international relations expert Yosmany Fernández Pacheco told Sputnik.2025-12-13T03:41+00002025-12-13T03:41+00002025-12-13T04:42+0000economyrussiaeuropean union (eu)the united nations (un)maria zakharovamoscoweurofrozen assetsfrozen fundshttps://cdn1.img.sputnikglobe.com/img/07e8/03/08/1117214013_0:158:3077:1889_1920x0_80_0_0_db1d15389f43430c1d812feea3357fd8.jpgCuban international relations expert Yosmany Fernández Pacheco has warned that the move represents more than a wartime sanction—it is an unprecedented attack on state sovereignty that could destabilize the foundations of the global financial order.The expert framed the EU’s strategy—officially aimed at cutting off Moscow’s economic development—as a product of leaders who have “lost touch with reality.” Far from being a contained punitive measure  he asserted that the asset freeze “sets a dangerous precedent for the selective confiscation of a sovereign nation's assets.” This selectivity  he suggested  undermines the principle of multilateralism and could be leveraged against any nation in the future.EU countries earlier agreed to freeze the Russian Central Bank's assets held in Europe  estimated at 210 billion euros ($246 billion)  for an indefinite period. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova dismissed the EU Commission’s decision to permanently freeze Russian assets with a single  sharp label: ""Fraudsters.""https://sputnikglobe.com/20251212/eu-indefinitely-freezes-russian-central-banks-assets---reports-1123286895.htmlrussiamoscowSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 602025Sputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Newsen_ENSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 601920 1080 true1920 1440 true1920 1920 trueSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Sputnik Internationaleu frozen russian assets  sovereign asset confiscation  global financial system risk  international law violation  eu sanctions on russia  multilateralism crisis  sovereign immunity attack  central bank assets seizure  geopolitical finance  euroclear russia assets",neutral,0.0,0.88,0.12,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['EU Asset Freeze', 'Global Financial System', 'Dangerous Precedent', 'Expert', 'Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova', 'Yosmany Fernández Pacheco', 'economy russia european union', 'global financial system risk', 'central bank assets seizure', 'Cuban international relations expert', 'Russian Central Bank', 'global financial order', 'UN member states', 'single, sharp label', 'international law violation', 'sovereign asset confiscation', 'sovereign immunity attack', 'EU Asset Freeze', 'euroclear russia assets', 'Russian assets', 'selective confiscation', 'Sputnik International', 'sovereign nation', 'Dangerous Precedent', 'united nations', 'wartime sanction', 'unprecedented attack', 'economic development', 'punitive measure', 'EU countries', '210 billion euros', 'indefinite period', 'EU Commission', 'Rossiya Segodnya', 'geopolitical finance', 'state sovereignty', 'multilateralism crisis', 'sputnikglobe', 'global-financial-system--expert', 'decision', 'form', 'plundering', 'moscow', 'funds', 'cdn', 'db1d15389f43430c1d812feea3357fd', 'move', 'foundations', 'strategy', 'product', 'leaders', 'touch', 'reality', 'selectivity', 'principle', 'future', 'Fraudsters', 'russian-central-banks-assets', 'reports', 'sputniknews', 'MIA', 'sanctions']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,sputnikglobe.com
54232,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/library/news/russia/2025/12/russia-251212-sputnik01.htm,Bank of Russia Launches Battle Against Euroclear for Illegal Asset Actions,The Bank of Russia said on Friday that it had filed a statement of claim with the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository for recovery of losses caused to the regulator.,"Bank of Russia Launches Battle Against Euroclear for Illegal Asset ActionsSputnik News20251212MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Bank of Russia said on Friday that it had filed a statement of claim with the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository for recovery of losses caused to the regulator.""In connection with the illegal actions of the Euroclear depository causing losses to the Bank of Russia  as well as in connection with the mechanisms officially considered by the European Commission for the direct or indirect use of the assets of the Bank of Russia without the consent of the Bank of Russia  the Bank of Russia is filing a claim with the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository for recovery of losses caused to the Bank of Russia "" the bank said in a statement.Euroclear's actions caused harm to the Bank of Russia due to the inability to dispose of its funds and securities  the regulator said.The Central Bank of Russia said that it had issued a statement regarding the European Commission's plans to use its assets  calling them illegal and contrary to international law.The statement comes in response to the European Commission's remarks regarding its two solutions to support Ukraine's financing needs in 2026-2027 and its draft regulatory act on proposal establishing the reparations loan to Ukraine.""The mechanisms provided for in this document for the direct or indirect use of the assets of the Bank of Russia  as well as any other forms of uncoordinated use of the assets of the Bank of Russia  are illegal  contrary to international law  including violating the principles of sovereign immunity of assets "" the statement said.The Bank of Russia also said that it reserves the right to defend its rights in all available ways without additional notice  noting that it will challenge any actions of the bloc entailing a uncoordinated use of the regulator's assets in all available competent authorities.Following the start of Russia's military operation in Ukraine in 2022  the European Union and the G7 nations froze nearly half of Russia's foreign currency reserves  totaling approximately 300 billion euros ($350 billion). Around 200 billion euros are held in European accounts  predominantly in Euroclear  a Belgium-based securities depository.The Kremlin has said that any attempts to confiscate Russian assets would be a theft and a violation of international law.© SputnikNEWS LETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address",neutral,0.0,0.67,0.33,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,True,English,"['Illegal Asset Actions', 'Bank', 'Russia', 'Battle', 'Euroclear', 'GlobalSecurity.org mailing list', 'draft regulatory act', 'foreign currency reserves', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'Illegal Asset Actions', 'Belgium-based securities depository', 'The Central Bank', 'illegal actions', 'The Kremlin', 'European Commission', 'indirect use', 'international law', 'two solutions', 'financing needs', 'reparations loan', 'other forms', 'uncoordinated use', 'sovereign immunity', 'additional notice', 'competent authorities', 'military operation', 'European Union', 'G7 nations', '300 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'European accounts', 'NEWS LETTER', 'Email Address', 'Euroclear depository', 'The Bank', 'available ways', 'Sputnik News', 'Russian assets', 'Battle', 'Friday', 'statement', 'claim', 'recovery', 'losses', 'connection', 'mechanisms', 'consent', 'harm', 'inability', 'funds', 'plans', 'response', 'remarks', 'Ukraine', 'proposal', 'document', 'principles', 'right', 'bloc', 'start', 'half', 'attempts', 'theft', 'violation', '©']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,globalsecurity.org
54233,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629416-czech-pm-ukraine-aid/,EU member says it won’t finance Ukraine,The Czech Republic will not take part in any financial support for Ukraine  Prime Minister Andrej Babis has said Read Full Article at RT.com,The European Commission must find other ways to continue aiding the Kiev regime  Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis has saidThe Czech Republic will not take part in any financial support of Ukraine  Prime Minister Andrej Babis has said  adding that the bloc must find other ways to continue funding Kiev.The right-wing Euroskeptic politician  who was appointed prime minister earlier this week  campaigned on prioritizing domestic issues. He has long criticized the extensive aid to Kiev under his predecessor Petr Fiala  whose cabinet launched a major international munitions procurement scheme for Ukraine.In a video posted to his official Facebook page on Saturday  Babis said he had spoken with Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever  a vocal opponent of the European Commission’s plan to fund Kiev through a so-called “reparations loan” tied to about $200 billion in Russian assets frozen in the bloc. The Commission aims to reach a deal on the scheme next week  but De Wever – whose country hosts the financial clearinghouse Euroclear  where the bulk of the assets are held – has called it tantamount to “stealing” Russian money.“I agree with him. The European Commission must find other ways to finance Ukraine ” Babis said.Belgium  fearing legal retaliation from Russia  has demanded guarantees from other EU members to share the burden if the funds must eventually be returned. According to Czech media  this could cost Prague about $4.3 billion. Babis said the country simply cannot afford it.“We  as the Czech Republic  need money for Czech citizens  and we don’t have money for other countries… we’re not going to guarantee anything for [the Commission]  and we’re not going to give money either  because the coffers are simply empty ” he stated.In what is seen as the first step toward advancing the “reparations loan” scheme  the bloc on Friday approved controversial legislation replacing the six-month consensus renewal of the Russian assets freeze with a longer-term arrangement that could shield it from vetoes by opposing states. The move has raised concerns about undermining the EU’s core principle that major foreign policy and financial decisions require unanimous consent  with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban condemning it as “unlawful.”Multiple EU states have raised concerns over the loan scheme  citing legal and financial risks. Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico on Friday warned that further funding for Kiev would only prolong the conflict.Moscow has condemned the “reparations loan” plan as illegal  with Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov calling it “a grand scam.”,neutral,0.0,0.86,0.14,mixed,0.18,0.28,0.54,True,English,"['EU member', 'Ukraine', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'major international munitions procurement scheme', 'Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis', 'major foreign policy', 'right-wing Euroskeptic politician', 'official Facebook page', 'six-month consensus renewal', 'The Czech Republic', 'Multiple EU states', 'other EU members', 'The European Commission', 'reparations loan” plan', 'Czech media', 'Czech citizens', 'The Commission', 'opposing states', 'loan scheme', 'other ways', 'other countries', 'financial support', 'domestic issues', 'extensive aid', 'Petr Fiala', 'vocal opponent', 'financial clearinghouse', 'first step', 'controversial legislation', 'longer-term arrangement', 'core principle', 'financial decisions', 'unanimous consent', 'financial risks', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'Russian assets', 'legal retaliation', 'Russian money', 'Kiev regime', 'part', 'Ukraine', 'bloc', 'funding', 'predecessor', 'cabinet', 'video', 'Saturday', 'deal', 'country', 'Euroclear', 'bulk', 'Belgium', 'guarantees', 'burden', 'funds', 'Prague', 'coffers', 'Friday', 'vetoes', 'move', 'concerns', 'conflict', 'Moscow']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,rt.com
54234,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629408-kremlin-envoy-orban-jon-snow/,Kremlin envoy compares Orban to ‘Game of Thrones’ hero,Kirill Dmitriev has compared Viktor Orban to Jon Snow from ‘Game of Thrones’  as the EU voted to indefinitely freeze Russian assets Read Full Article at RT.com,The Hungarian prime minister resembles Jon Snow as he stands alone against the “EU bureaucratic warmongers ” Kirill Dmitriev saysSenior Russian negotiator Kirill Dmitriev has compared Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban to ‘Game of Thrones’ character Jon Snow  casting him as the lone defender of European law as the EU moved to indefinitely freeze Russian sovereign assets.In a post on X on Friday  Dmitriev praised Orban for “defending the EU’s legal and financial system from crazy EU bureaucratic warmongers ” saying the Hungarian leader is fighting to “reduce migration  increase competitiveness  and restore sanity  values and peace.”Dmitriev attached a clip from the Battle of the Bastards  one of Game of Thrones’ most iconic scenes. The sequence shows Jon Snow standing alone on a battlefield  drawing his sword as the cavalry of the House of Bolton thunders toward him.Hungary PM Orbán as Jon Snow from Game of Thrones in defending the EU’s legal&financial system from crazy EU bureaucratic warmongers—fighting them to reduce migration  increase competitiveness  and restore sanity  values and peace. 🕊️Help is coming as Russian CB sues Euroclear pic.twitter.com/jHyav6mk0f — Kirill Dmitriev (@kadmitriev) December 12  2025In the series  the Boltons are infamous for their ruthlessness and cruelty  while Snow is portrayed as a reluctant leader who repeatedly chooses duty over ambition  even at great personal cost.On Friday  Orban – who has on numerous occasions blasted the EU’s confrontational policies on Russia – accused Brussels of “raping European law ” referring to the vote allowing the bloc to bypass unanimous approval when extending sanctions on Russian sovereign assets  estimated at €210 billion ($230 billion). Moscow has condemned the freeze as “theft ” warning of legal retaliation if the bloc confiscates the assets.In a separate post  Dmitriev also took aim at NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte  comparing him to the Night King  the central antagonist of Game of Thrones  who commands the undead and lacks empathy.Unmasked NATO’s Mark Rutte. He does not have family or children. He wants war. But peace will prevail. 🕊️ https://t.co/lDPBucIAkApic.twitter.com/JjqVogOSWM — Kirill Dmitriev (@kadmitriev) December 12  2025The comparison followed comments by Rutte  who accused Russia of “bringing war back to Europe” and urged NATO members to prepare for a conflict on a scale faced by earlier generations. Dmitriev said Rutte “does not have family or children” and “wants war” – adding  however  that “peace will prevail.”Dmitriev  who has played a prominent role in efforts to reach a settlement of the Ukraine conflict  echoed remarks by Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto  who criticized Rutte for “fueling war tensions.”,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.07,0.25,0.68,True,English,"['Kremlin envoy', 'Thrones’ hero', 'Orban', 'Game', 'Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Hungary PM Orbán', 'Thrones’ most iconic scenes', 'crazy EU bureaucratic warmongers', 'NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte', 'Thrones’ character Jon Snow', 'great personal cost', 'Senior Russian negotiator', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'fueling war tensions', 'legal&financial system', 'Hungarian leader', 'Russian CB', 'Unmasked NATO', 'NATO members', 'lone defender', 'European law', 'reluctant leader', 'numerous occasions', 'confrontational policies', 'unanimous approval', 'legal retaliation', 'Night King', 'central antagonist', 'earlier generations', 'prominent role', 'separate post', 'Ukraine conflict', 'Kirill Dmitriev', 'Game', 'Friday', 'migration', 'competitiveness', 'sanity', 'values', 'peace', 'clip', 'Battle', 'Bastards', 'sequence', 'sword', 'cavalry', 'House', 'Bolton', 'Help', 'jHyav6mk0f', 'kadmitriev', 'series', 'ruthlessness', 'cruelty', 'duty', 'ambition', 'Brussels', 'vote', 'bloc', 'sanctions', 'Moscow', 'freeze', 'theft', 'aim', 'undead', 'empathy', 'family', 'children', 'lDPBucIAkApic', 'JjqVogOSWM', 'comparison', 'comments', 'scale', 'efforts', 'settlement', 'remarks', '🕊️']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,rt.com
54235,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629407-eu-opposition-russia-assets/,Member states step up opposition to EU seizing Russian funds – Politico,Four member states have reportedly asked the EU to reconsider its plan to seize frozen Russian assets Read Full Article at RT.com,Italy  Belgium  Bulgaria  and Malta have reportedly warned the European Commission against using frozen assets to aid UkraineItaly  Belgium  Bulgaria  and Malta have urged the EU to explore alternatives to seizing frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine  Politico Europe reported on Friday  citing an internal document.The European Commission hopes to pressure individual member states into approving the plan ahead of the European Council meeting on December 18-19.However  some members  including Belgium  which holds the bulk of Russia’s frozen assets  have warned that seizing them could undermine trust in the EU’s financial system  trigger capital flight  and expose member states to legal risks.According to Politico  the four countries said they “invite the Commission and the Council to continue exploring and discussing alternative options in line with EU and international law  with predictable parameters  presenting significantly fewer risks  to address Ukraine’s financial needs  based on an EU loan facility or bridge solutions.”On Friday  the EU invoked its rarely used emergency powers to circumvent potential vetoes from Hungary and Slovakia and made the asset freeze indefinite.Although Italy  Belgium  Bulgaria  and Malta supported the measure  they reportedly stressed that the “vote does not pre-empt in any circumstances the decision on the possible use of Russian immobilized assets  which needs to be taken at leaders’ level.”Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban called Friday’s vote unlawful and accused the commission of “systematically raping European law.”Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico also condemned the move  arguing that “providing tens of billions of euros for military spending is prolonging the war” between Ukraine and Russia.Russia has said that seizing the assets would be tantamount to theft and vowed to retaliate. On Friday  the Russian central bank initiated legal proceedings against Belgian clearinghouse Euroclear  which holds the bulk of Russia’s foreign assets in Europe.,neutral,0.01,0.57,0.42,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Member states', 'Russian funds', 'opposition', 'EU', 'Politico', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'Russian central bank', 'Belgian clearinghouse Euroclear', 'Russian immobilized assets', 'individual member states', 'frozen Russian assets', 'European Council meeting', 'EU loan facility', 'The European Commission', 'frozen assets', 'European law', 'foreign assets', 'internal document', 'financial system', 'capital flight', 'legal risks', 'four countries', 'alternative options', 'international law', 'predictable parameters', 'fewer risks', 'financial needs', 'bridge solutions', 'emergency powers', 'potential vetoes', 'possible use', 'leaders’ level', 'military spending', 'legal proceedings', 'Politico Europe', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'Bulgaria', 'Malta', 'Ukraine', 'alternatives', 'Friday', 'plan', 'December', 'members', 'bulk', 'trust', 'line', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'measure', 'vote', 'circumstances', 'decision', 'move', 'tens', 'billions', 'euros', 'war', 'theft']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,rt.com
54236,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/a86b1bba4a1d2c5c,Regulators intervene over Euronext’s plans for ETF settlement,Proposal had provoked backlash from Euroclear and industry over potential for higher costs,Proposal had provoked backlash from Euroclear and industry over potential for higher costsThis story appeared on ft.com   2025-12-13 04:00:08.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['ETF settlement', 'Regulators', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'higher costs', 'ft.com', 'Proposal', 'backlash', 'Euroclear', 'industry', 'potential', 'story']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,biztoc.com
54237,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/library/news/ukraine/2025/12/ukraine-251212-rferl03.htm,Brussels Pushes Plan To Use Frozen Russian Assets For Ukraine Financing,The European Union will make a push for a way to finance support Ukraine for the next two years as the bloc's leaders gather in Brussels on December 18-19.,"Brussels Pushes Plan To Use Frozen Russian Assets For Ukraine FinancingBy Rikard Jozwiak December 12  2025The European Union will make a push for a way to finance support Ukraine for the next two years as the bloc's leaders gather in Brussels on December 18-19.A potential key component of this is a so-called reparations loan for Kyiv.RFE/RL looks at how the loan would work  what the main sticking points are  and what the alternatives might be in case there isn't an agreement.What is at stake?Let's put it bluntly: the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has estimated that Ukraine needs around 135 billion euros ($158.3 billion) for the next two years -- it is facing a budget shortfall of 71.7 billion euros in next year alone and it needs the cash to come early in the second quarter of 2026  so in April.Western countries have supported the war-torn country with both direct budgetary support and military aid since Russia's full-scale invasion nearly four years ago but the upcoming period may be different as the United States has signaled that it most likely won't send more cash to the war-torn country. The onus is therefore on the EU and other G7 countries to step up -- and to do so soon.So what is a reparations loan?First mentioned by the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen in a major policy speech in September  it has been seen as the game changer for Ukraine throughout the fall. The idea  presented in great detail by Von der Leyen in early December  is to use the cash value of frozen Russian state assets held in the EU by moving them into a reparations loan for Ukraine that Kyiv only has to pay back in what is believed to be the unlikely scenario that Russia would start paying the country reparations. Brussels is at pains to explain that this isn't a confiscation of Russian assets  but rather that the cash will be replaced by bonds or cash issued by the European Commission and backed by EU member states and potentially other non-EU countries willing to join the schemeWhat about EU sanctions renewal?This is one of the tricky parts -- but it looks like EU ambassadors on December 11 found a way around it. The Russian frozen assets in the bloc remain frozen only because the 27 EU member states via unanimity twice a year rollover all financial sanctions imposed on Moscow. The issue many feared is fairly obvious: What if Kremlin-friendly countries such as Hungary and Slovakia decide not to give green light in the future?Up stepped some of Brussels' most creative legal minds and suggested that the way to get around this was to use a clause in the EU treaty  122. This clause allows EU capitals to decide ""in a spirit of solidarity between member states  upon the measures appropriate to the economic situation.""EU legal heads believe that this is a way  due to the huge political and economic issues at stake  to ensure that sanctions renewal can be made via qualified majority instead of unanimity. And it doesn't need to be renewed every six months. Most EU member states seem to agree with this reading  and it was waved through. This is one step closer to actually get the reparations loan to Ukraine but it's also uncharted legal territory that has huge political implications and is likely to be tested in EU court by countries not keen on being sidelined.How much money are we talking about?There are a lot of numbers floating around so let's get it all straight here: Some 140 billion euros of Russian state assets are being held in the Belgian-based financial markets company Euroclear. There is also an additional 25 billion euros of Russian state assets held in banks across the EU  mainly in France but also in a Belgian private bank  Cyprus  and Germany. So  165 billion euros in total. But the reparations loan is part of a wider financial package that is worth up to 210 billion euros  according to the European Commission. This also includes 45 billion eurosthat will be used to repay a G7 loan to Ukraine from 2024.Still following? Ok  because there is one more figure the European Commission is using: 90 billion euros. This is the actual sum the EU would make available for Ukraine in 2026 and 2027 as it corresponds to roughly two-thirds of Ukraine's financing needs. Brussels hopes that other international partners such as Canada  Japan  Norway  and the United Kingdom will make up the other one-third.What are the main obstacles?Belgium  which sits on most of the cash  has plenty of objections. Its Prime minister Bart De Wever has voiced them both in press conferences and letters to various European leaders in recent weeks and months and Von der Leyen and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz have held lengthy discussions with him to try to get him onboard. Have they succeeded? It doesn't look like it yet. This loan was actually supposed to be at least signed off on politically when leaders met for a summit in Brussels in October  but De Wever dug his heels in then.Expect talks  which start on December 18  to last well into the next day. There has already been talk in EU corridors about an emergency summit in early January in case there isn't a solution. It is worth noting that the reparation loan can be passed with a qualified majority (55 percent of EU member states comprising 65 percent of the total EU population). So Belgium can be sidelined even though everyone  so far  has pledged to get them onboard. Belgium  on the other hand  has threatened to take the EU to court if their demands aren't met.So what is Belgium fearing?Plenty of things. For starters  Russian retaliation against both Belgium and Euroclear. And this means both financial confiscations and legal challenges. So  the country is asking for explicit financial guarantees from other EU capitals if Moscow somehow managed to claw back the money. The debate next week will very much be what form these guarantees will come in  how fast they are available  and for how long. The Belgian wish is that the guarantees exceed the 140 billion euros in Euroclear to cover potential legal disputes on top  and that the cash is made available in days.And can the other EU countries live up to the Belgian demands?Somewhat. There is a willingness among most to offer bilateral financial guarantees based on a country's gross national income (GNI). Germany has indicated that it can provide some 25 percent of the backstop using this key. But you need as many countries as possible onboard  otherwise the burden will be larger on those committed to the scheme. Hungary and Slovakia have both indicated that they are out but their GNI is miniscule. Howevert  other European economic powerhouses such as Italy and France must be in. There has been talk that most EU countries together can back up as much as 200 billion euros but only for two years as the new multi-annual EU budget should come into force in 2028 and provide the future backstop.The European Commission has also pledged to set up a ""liquidity mechanism"" that can lend money to governments immediately to ensure that the guarantees can be paid out quickly if need be. The EU executive is also working on a legal proposal to protect EU member states and their banks from legal retaliatory measures from Moscow although details are yet unclearSo is there a Plan B?Yes  the European Commission did present an alternative plan when it unveiled its reparations loan proposal. Plan B is for the European Commission to issue joint debt and back it up via its budget. There are two issues with this. Many member states aren't particularly keen to accrue more debt that their taxpayers have to pay off later. And this measure requires unanimity  and Hungary has made it clear it is not interested in giving its thumbs up on it. A potential plan C would be for individual member states to provide money to Kyiv directly but few European politicians  constrained by zero or low growth  are keen to let their citizens pay for something they think Russia is ultimately responsible for.Source: https://www.rferl.org/a/brussels-plan-frozen- russian-assets-ukraine-financing/33621538.htmlCopyright (c) 2025. RFE/RL  Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty  1201 Connecticut Ave.  N.W. Washington DC 20036.NEWS LETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.09,0.21,0.7,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Assets', 'Ukraine Financing', 'Brussels', 'Plan', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Prime minister Bart De Wever', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'Belgian-based financial markets company', 'Most EU member states', 'The European Union', 'potential key component', 'International Monetary Fund', 'major policy speech', 'creative legal minds', 'uncharted legal territory', 'Belgian private bank', 'wider financial package', 'other international partners', 'next two years', 'main sticking points', 'EU legal heads', 'Frozen Russian Assets', 'direct budgetary support', 'Russian state assets', 'huge political implications', 'other non-EU countries', '27 EU member states', 'various European leaders', 'other G7 countries', 'additional 25 billion euros', 'EU sanctions renewal', 'financial sanctions', 'United States', 'other one-third', 'next year', 'main obstacles', 'next day', 'G7 loan', '135 billion euros', '71.7 billion euros', 'Western countries', 'Kremlin-friendly countries', '140 billion euros', '90 billion euros', 'EU ambassadors', 'EU treaty', 'EU capitals', 'EU court', 'EU corridors', 'Rikard Jozwiak', 'budget shortfall', 'second quarter', 'war-torn country', 'military aid', 'full-scale invasion', 'upcoming period', 'game changer', 'great detail', 'unlikely scenario', 'country reparations', 'tricky parts', 'green light', 'economic situation', 'economic issues', 'qualified majority', '45 billion eurosthat', 'actual sum', 'financing needs', 'United Kingdom', 'press conferences', 'recent weeks', 'lengthy discussions', 'reparations loan', 'early December', 'cash value', 'Ukraine Financing', '210 billion', 'Brussels', 'Plan', 'push', 'way', 'bloc', 'Kyiv', 'RFE/RL', 'alternatives', 'case', 'agreement', 'stake', 'IMF', 'April', 'onus', 'September', 'idea', 'pains', 'confiscation', 'bonds', 'scheme', 'unanimity', 'rollover', 'Moscow', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'future', 'clause', 'spirit', 'solidarity', 'measures', 'reading', 'money', 'lot', 'numbers', 'Euroclear', 'banks', 'France', 'Cyprus', 'Germany', 'total', 'figure', 'two-thirds', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Belgium', 'plenty', 'objections', 'letters', 'months', 'summit', 'October', 'heels', 'talks', 'emergency']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,globalsecurity.org
54238,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/4357251/posts,EU to freeze €210bn in Russian assets indefinitely,The EU has agreed to indefinitely freeze Russia’s sovereign assets in the bloc  as Moscow stepped up its threats to retaliate against Euroclear  the keeper of most of the Kremlin’s immobilised money.The decision by the EU to use emergency powers to immobilise…,"Skip to comments.EU to freeze €210bn in Russian assets indefinitelyThe Guardian ^ | Fri 12 Dec 2025 15.18 EST | Jennifer RankinPosted on by E. Pluribus UnumThe EU has agreed to indefinitely freeze Russia’s sovereign assets in the bloc  as Moscow stepped up its threats to retaliate against Euroclear  the keeper of most of the Kremlin’s immobilised money.The decision by the EU to use emergency powers to immobilise €210bn (£185bn) of Russia’s central bank’s assets marks a significant step towards using the cash to aid Ukraine’s defence.European Council president António Costa confirmed on Friday that EU leaders had delivered on a commitment  made in October  to “keep Russian assets immobilised until Russia ends its war of aggression against Ukraine and compensates for the damage caused”.Before this step  EU sanctions underpinning the frozen assets needed to be renewed every six months – creating potential for a Kremlin-friendly government  such as Hungary  to veto the move.The decision came hours after Russia’s central bank said it was filing a lawsuit against Euroclear  the Brussels central securities depository that holds these assets. The organisation  once a little-known part of international financial plumbing that is now in the spotlight  has no say on how the frozen funds are used.The lawsuit  being filed in a Moscow court  claims Euroclear’s “illegal actions” had caused “damage” to the central bank’s ability to manage funds and securities.Euroclear declined to comment  but a spokesperson said it was “currently fighting more than 100 legal claims in Russia”.Last week  the European Commission proposed a €90bn (£79bn) loan for Ukraine  secured against Russian assets immobilised in the EU since its full-scale invasion. But the plan has been blocked by Belgium  which fears a cascade of lawsuits from Moscow and the seizure of Belgian assets in the country.Belgium’s prime minister Bart De Wever met Keir Starmer in Downing Street on Friday for long-planned talks on the EU-UK reset  migration and the Russian assets.De Wever’s spokesperson said they had...(Excerpt) Read more at theguardian.com ...TOPICS:Foreign AffairsKEYWORDS:dukeywordtrolleuropepicproxywarrussiathefttrumpswarukrainewelfarewarzeeperclownszeeyoresClick here: to donate by Credit Card Or here: to donate by PayPal Or by mail to: Free Republic  LLC - PO Box 9771 - Fresno  CA 93794 Thank you very much and God bless you.At least they are finally admitting that the purpose of the war is to take Russia's stuff.To: E. Pluribus UnumWhy do I get the feeling that this won’t end well for the EU and rest of the Western World  little things like selling bonds by EU countries to finance their huge deficits might become a little more difficult. Why would you loan money to these people when you know they could pass some type of emergency measure and default on their debts.To: E. Pluribus UnumTo: E. Pluribus UnumMaybe the US could seize some of their tankers on the high seas.I don’t see anything wrong with seizing Russia assets to use to pay for weapons against Putin.Putin is a monster  Russian people are idiots  Ukraine and Z are super corrupt.Even if Ukraine is abandoned  I have no problem alienating Russia and selling anyone that wants to fight them weapons.However no US money or troops should be expended in this struggle against the world’s biggest sh*t-pile-Russia.To: grumpygreshYou sure is smart. You knows EVERYTHING!To: JonPreston+1To: E. Pluribus UnumIn the cold weather someone is trying to freeze the Russians’ assets off. 🥶🥶 Roger Moore hears about shared bodily warmth from a female agent.... https://clip.cafe/the-spy-who-loved-me-1977/you-dont-have-worry-about-me/ Actress Barbara Bach has been married to Ringo Starr since 1981.by 7 posted onby frank ballenger (There's a battle outside and it's raging. It'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls. )To: E. Pluribus UnumOk BRICS  South America  Africa  etc... you learning the lesson about keeping gold and cash in US and EU banks?by 8 posted onby DesertRhino (When men on the chessboard  get up and tell you where to go…)To: E. Pluribus UnumThe only new news on this matter emerged just a few hours ago. In 2023 Russia’s imports were $376B. Regardless of exports  those were the imports. It has been pointed out they could suspend payment on these imports and encourage the seller to make a claim on those Euroclear stored Russian assets — which would be far better claims than the EU could make  who have suffered no loss. Ukraine could file claims  but those aren’t going to process for years.To: E. Pluribus UnumThis is virtue signaling. They'll pay it back in higher fees for Russian gas  titanium  etc.To: OwenOh and btw  Russia’s PPP GDP is over $7T. $200B is not really big money to them.To: E. Pluribus UnumAs long as the planned invasion of Russia is in the summer ?by 12 posted onby faithhopecharity (""Politicians aren't born  they're excreted."" Marcus Tullius Cicero (106 to 43 BCE))To: E. Pluribus UnumThe money will be used to reconstruct Ukraine.The Kremlin does vandalism  it will have to pay for the repairs.Action means Reaction.by 13 posted onby USA-FRANCE (Silence against evil isn't neutrality  it's complicity. Oppose the Iran-Russia-North Korea Alliance!)To: E. Pluribus UnumWithin the first year of Trump’s second term  the U.S. had seized an oil tanker  affecting Venezuela’s ability to deliver oil for money. If the European Union wants to be effective against Russia  they should have long ago try to block Russian oil from Russia’s customers. It’s been almost 4 years since Russia has openly and publicly invaded Ukraine and apparently Russia has no problems selling oil to foreign countries.To: E. Pluribus Unum[2026] Official Minutes of the Committee for the Compensation of Seized Asset Victims  Moscow The following Russian Federation patents of the EU1 drug company are placed in the EU1 Compensation Trust: .... We find Claimant 32 has suffered the loss of 30 000 Euros. His claim for 300 shares of the EU1 Compensation Trust has been granted. ************* People could fly from all of Asia and the Middle East to get cancer and other otherwise expensive drugs made in the Federation by Indian and Chinese experts.To: JonPrestonThe enemy is not Russia you say... ? Then why did Trump recently send a US nuclear attack submarine against Russia  after the Kremlin’s nuclear threat against America...? Hmmm...You tell me...by 16 posted onby USA-FRANCE (Silence against evil isn't neutrality  it's complicity. Oppose the Iran-Russia-North Korea Alliance!)To: convoter2016The Russian Federation sells natural gas to China  enough to buy all the Chinese-made (or used German-made) machine tools and drone parts the RF needs.To: E. Pluribus Unum“At least they are finally admitting that the purpose of the war is to take Russia’s stuff.” LOL! Russian propaganda  again. The purpose of the war was the first step in Putin’s quest to restore the Russian Empire.To: convoter2016The only people who want this war are the billionaire  globalist  anti-human oligarchs and their lackey whores like Linda Graham.To: convoter2016...they should have long ago try to block Russian oil from Russia’s customers Should they (EU) stop buying it first  or is that still OK? I guess they could seize every one else's shipments and leave their own alone. Neat trick!Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.FreeRepublic   LLC  PO BOX 9771  FRESNO  CA 93794FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson",neutral,0.01,0.62,0.37,mixed,0.21,0.21,0.59,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'European Council president António Costa', 'theft trumpswar ukraine welfarewar zeeperclowns', 'Brussels central securities depository', 'E. Pluribus Unum', 'international financial plumbing', 'Actress Barbara Bach', 'Marcus Tullius Cicero', 'Bart De Wever', 'European Commission', 'central bank', 'Jennifer Rankin', 'emergency powers', 'Kremlin-friendly government', 'illegal actions', '£79bn) loan', 'prime minister', 'Keir Starmer', 'Downing Street', 'EU-UK reset', 'Foreign Affairs', 'europe pic', 'Credit Card', 'Free Republic', 'PO Box', 'little things', 'huge deficits', 'emergency measure', 'high seas', 'cold weather', 'Roger Moore', 'bodily warmth', 'female agent', 'Ringo Starr', 'frank ballenger', 'Ok BRICS', 'South America', 'new news', 'virtue signaling', 'higher fees', 'Russian gas', 'PPP GDP', 'Russian assets', 'sovereign assets', 'frozen assets', 'Belgian assets', 'Russians’ assets', 'The Guardian', 'significant step', 'frozen funds', 'full-scale invasion', 'Western World', 'Russian people', 'big money', 'EU leaders', 'EU sanctions', 'EU countries', 'EU banks', 'Moscow court', '100 legal claims', 'proxywar russia', 'Russia assets', 'US money', 'comments', 'Dec', 'bloc', 'threats', 'Euroclear', 'keeper', 'cash', 'defence', 'Friday', 'commitment', 'October', 'aggression', 'damage', 'potential', 'Hungary', 'move', 'lawsuit', 'organisation', 'part', 'spotlight', 'say', 'ability', 'spokesperson', '€90bn', 'plan', 'Belgium', 'cascade', 'seizure', 'country', 'talks', 'migration', 'Excerpt', 'theguardian', 'TOPICS', 'KEYWORDS', 'dukeywordtroll', 'zeeyores', 'PayPal', 'mail', 'LLC', 'Fresno', 'God', 'purpose', 'stuff', 'feeling', 'rest', 'bonds', 'type', 'debts', 'tankers', 'weapons', 'Putin', 'monster', 'idiots', 'problem', 'troops', 'struggle', 'pile-Russia', 'grumpygresh', 'someone', 'clip', 'cafe', 'battle', 'windows', 'walls', 'Africa', 'lesson', 'gold', 'DesertRhino', 'chessboard', 'matter', 'imports', 'exports', 'payment', 'seller', 'loss', 'years', 'titanium', 'Owen', '200B', 'summer', 'faithhopecharity', 'Politicians', 'BCE']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,freerepublic.com
54239,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://balloon-juice.com/2025/12/12/war-for-ukraine-day-1387-putin-does-not-recognize-anyone-elses-sphere-of-influence-and-near-abroad/,War for Ukraine Day 1 387: Putin Does Not Recognize Anyone Else’s Sphere of Influence and Near Abroad,A quick housekeeping note: Thank you all for keeping it civil in the comments last night. It is much appreciated. As I wrote about and then we discussed in the comments over the weekend  the new National Security Strategy goes all in on the western hemisphere…,A quick housekeeping note: Thank you all for keeping it civil in the comments last night. It is much appreciated.As I wrote about and then we discussed in the comments over the weekend  the new National Security Strategy goes all in on the western hemisphere being the US’s sphere of influence while stating that the US would stay out of other great powers’ spheres. Of course it then steps all over this concept by going all in on supporting European ethnonationalist fascist parties and doubling down on competition with the PRC in Asia. It then muddies the latter by implying/intimating that it the US  read Trump  is willing to cut a deal with the PRC if the prices is right. Regardless of this muddled mess of something that isn’t a strategy and would actually make the US less secure if any of it was implemented  Trump and his team really want to make the Caribbean  central  and south America. Which is part of the rush to war with Venezuela and  potentially  Colombia.This sphere of influence idea is a hallmark of Putin’s attempts to reestablish what he wrongly believes is the historical Russian hegemony  control  and dominance over eastern Europe  the Baltics  the Nordic states  and central Asia. I have no doubt that Trump has latched onto the idea from his calls with Putin. Unfortunately for Trump  while Putin expects and demands that everyone respect what he claims as Russia’s sphere of influence  he does not respect anyone else’s.👀 Putin and Venezuela’s Maduro have spoken by phone  the Kremlin says.t.me/tass_agency/… — Mike Eckel (@mikeeckel.bsky.social) December 11  2025 at 10:22 AM“The Russian President expressed solidarity with the Venezuelan people and confirmed his support for [the Maduro] government’s course in defense of the country’s sovereignty.” — Mike Eckel (@mikeeckel.bsky.social) December 11  2025 at 10:22 AMAs I wrote at the time  Putin sent a train  advise  and assist mission to Venezuela about three weeks ago. From The War Zone.A controversial Russian general is now in Venezuela leading a rotational advisory mission  the head of Ukraine’s Defense Intelligence Directorate (GUR) told The War Zone exclusively. Colonel General Oleg Leontievich Makarevich commands the Russian Ministry of Defense’s Equator Task Force (ETF)  Lt. Gen. Kyrylo Budanov said. Makarevich is in charge of more than 120 troops who are training Venezuelan forces on a wide range of military functions  according to Budanov. Those activities are not in reaction to the current U.S. military buildup in the region. The War Zone cannot independently verify Budanov’s claim and we have reached out to the White House  Pentagon and U.S. Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) for confirmation. We will update this story with any pertinent details provided. Questions to Budanov were prompted in part by a story in Intelligence Onlineclaiming that an elite Russian drone unit has arrived in Venezuela to teach troops there how to use first-person view (FPV) drones. The Ukrainian intelligence chief’s comments come as the Trump administration has established a significant presence of U.S. forces in the Caribbean. While Task Force Southern Spear is ostensibly aimed at countering narcotics trafficking in the region  the effort is also focused on pressuring Venezuelan dictator Nicolas Maduro. You can catch up with our recent coverage of the ongoing Caribbean operation here. Makarevich and his troops are likely to remain in Venezuela during any U.S. attack  Budanov suggested. “I think they will be behind the scenes and officially Russia will try to speak to the U.S. because their units are in Venezuela ” Budanov said. “It’s just a game.” The Russians are serving as “military advisors and also teachers ” Budanov explained. “In general  it’s infantry  UAV and special forces training.” Among other things  ETF is also providing Venezuela with signals intelligence  Budanov added. The deployment of Russian troops to Venezuela is a long-standing rotation that has existed for years  Budanov noted. He also said that GUR has not identified any change in Russian troop levels in Venezuela since Trump’s Caribbean push began. However  it appears that Makarevich  who has been in the South American country since the beginning of the year  has had his deployment there extended  Budanov said. Typical rotations for Russian commanders last about six months  he pointed out.More at the link.What we used to call the Wagner PMC has had a presence in the region since at least 2023.Awkward!Despite Russian claims  President Zelenskyy was in Kupyansk today where he delivered his daily address.Video below  English transcript after the jump.Today  Achieving Results on the Frontline Is Crucial so that Ukraine Can Achieve Results in Diplomacy – Address by the President I wish you good health! Today  I am in the Kupyansk sector  with our warriors who are getting the job done for Ukraine here. The Russians kept going on about Kupyansk – the reality speaks for itself. I visited our troops and congratulated them. I thank each of the units  everyone who is fighting here  everyone who is destroying the occupier. Today  achieving results on the frontline is crucial so that Ukraine can achieve results in diplomacy. This is exactly how it works: all our strong positions within the country translate into strong positions in the negotiations to end the war. Thank you to each and every warrior! I am proud of you! And I thank all of our Land Forces – today is exclusively your day. Thank you  guys! Glory to Ukraine!He also met with and presented awards to Ukrainian Soldiers.In Kharkiv  the President Congratulated the Warriors on Land Forces Day and Presented Them with State Awards On the Day of the Land Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine  President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with warriors in Kharkiv  presented them with state awards  handed combat flags  honorary distinction ribbons “For Courage and Bravery ” and a ribbon bearing an honorary name to unit commanders. “Time changes the nature of war; it changes weapons  but our task remains unchanged – to protect our state  to safeguard Ukraine’s independence  and to guarantee real security to our Ukrainians  to our Ukrainian children  to all our people. I am confident we will fulfil this task ” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The President noted that he had visited Ukrainian positions in Kupyansk. According to the Head of State  the Russians are spreading lies that they have captured the city and are telling the world that Ukraine is supposedly weak. “Ukraine is strong  it’s defending its positions. And the stronger our defense on the front line  the stronger our positions will be in negotiations. I have said this on numerous occasions  and I repeat it: our positions in negotiations will only be strong if our army is strong ” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President emphasized that Ukraine must end the war with dignity  with respect for every warrior and fallen hero. Those present observed a moment of silence in memory of all defenders who gave their lives for Ukraine. The Head of State presented the Orders of the Golden Star to two Heroes of Ukraine. The highest state award was conferred on: Colonel Vasyl Matiiv. As Commander of the 132nd Airborne Assault Reconnaissance Battalion  he secured the destruction of a column of Russian vehicles and the commander of the 2nd Army of the Russian Federation. Later  as Deputy Commander of the 68th Separate Jaeger Brigade  he planned combat operations for the liberation of Blahodatne. Since December 2023  he has commanded units of the 5th Separate Assault Brigade. In 2024  he planned and conducted several operations to destroy enemy forces and equipment near Bakhmut and Chasiv Yar. From July to November this year  under his command  several settlements in the Dnipro region were liberated. Captain Dmytro Filatov. In the summer of 2022  he staffed and led the reconnaissance of the 7th Center for Special Operations. He was an active participant in the Kharkiv autumn offensive and the liberation of Kupyansk  Vuzlove  and Lyman Pershyi. He organized the capture of a Russian Solntsepyok flamethrower system. Dmytro Filatov also took part in the defense of Bakhmut  in battles for Kurdyumivka and Ivanivka  in the Kupyansk and Lyman areas  and in battles near the Serebryanskyy Forest. Since summer 2024  he has successfully commanded the 1st Separate Assault Battalion in various areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Donetsk regions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also presented the “Cross of Military Merit” award to three defenders. The recipients were: Captain Vasyl Polianchych. He took part in battles in the Zaporizhzhia and Donetsk regions. Units under his command eliminated over 100 occupiers. He led the defense of a company strongpoint and effectively organized a system of fire engagement. Senior Lieutenant Oleksii Sulyma. He participated in battles in the Zaporizhzhia region. In October this year  he organized a breakthrough of enemy defensive lines  allowing Ukrainian forces to expand their control zone. His unit eliminated four invaders and completed the operation without losses. Soldier Andrii Tymoshytskyi. In the spring of this year  under attacks from enemy FPV drones  he repaired a breach in barbed wire on the positions and rescued a wounded brother-in-arms. He independently repelled an assault on an observation post  eliminating three occupiers. In one combat engagement  his group destroyed nine enemies and then carried a severely wounded fighter for 3 km on improvised stretchers in the dark to an evacuation point over four hours. The President also awarded warriors with the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky  I and II classes  and Orders “For Courage ” I–III classes. In addition  the Head of State presented combat flags to the Deputy Commander of the 120th Separate Reconnaissance Regiment and Commanders of the 210th Separate Assault Regiment  1021st Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment  the Head of the Interservice Training Center for Missile Forces and Artillery Units  and the Commander of the 91st Separate Anti-Tank Battalion. The distinctions “For Courage and Bravery” were handed to the Commander of the 45th Separate Artillery Brigade named after General Myron Tarnavsky  the Deputy Commander of the 68th Separate Jaeger Brigade named after Oleksa Dovbush  and the Commanders of the 16th Separate Army Aviation Brigade “Brody” and 18th Separate Army Aviation Brigade named after Igor Sikorsky. The President presented the ribbon bearing an honorary name  “named after Symon Petliura ” to the Commander of the 152nd Separate Jaeger Brigade.First Lady Zelenska attended the opening of the first youth space of the 12-21 network.The Olena Zelenska Foundation Opened the First “12–21” Youth Space in Bila Tserkva The first youth space of the “12–21” network  created by the Olena Zelenska Foundation  has opened in Bila Tserkva. This is a barrier-free center designed for leisure  peer-to-peer interaction  and professional psychosocial support for adolescents and young people. “With every new project  with every conversation with families  partners and  most importantly  with the children themselves  it became increasingly clear for us: adolescents and young people require a special approach. They need services tailored to their age and real needs ” Olena Zelenska stated. The First Lady shared that  according to UNICEF  73% of young people aged 14–34 require psychosocial assistance. Therefore  the project was created in response to the challenges of the war: stress  uncertainty  and forced displacement. The Olena Zelenska Foundation conducted in-depth interviews across different regions  confirming the experiences of young people: many have left their homes  been separated from relatives  and are facing stress and uncertainty about the future. Supporting young people has therefore become one of the Foundation’s key priorities. “Not waiting for young people to ask for help but creating places where they will want to come on their own ” the First Lady emphasized. To develop the “12–21” network of spaces  the Foundation’s team visited youth centers in Serbia  France  Israel  and Denmark. The model used in Denmark – Headspace – was chosen as a basis and adapted to the Ukrainian context  including life during wartime. Howard Buffett  an American businessman and philanthropist who supports the project  attended the opening of the space in Bila Tserkva  along with the Headspace team  which has become a partner of “12–21.” Ukrainian partners of the project also took part in the opening: the Coordination Center for Mental Health under the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and the “Voices of Children” Foundation. The “12–21” space in Bila Tserkva is now open to visitors. It includes areas for communication  interest-based clubs  and individual quiet rooms. Psychologists and social workers are available on site. This year  new spaces will open as well in Chernihiv and Khmelnytskyi  and in early 2026 – in Kryvyi Rih and Odesa.Georgia:“The City Full of Terror ” “The City Full of Corruption” — banners with these phrases were among several displayed by protesters near the site where Kakha Kaladze held a Christmas Tree Lighting event. Meanwhile  Kaladze’s slogan for 2026 is “The City Full of Kindness.” #GeorgiaProtestsDay 380 [image or embed] — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 12:10 PMThe Christmas village in Tbilisi is opened amid a heavy police presence and them searching every entrant — entrants that they flocked for the occasion to begin with. There’s not even any protest announced nearby. They prudently refrained from doing it all on Rustaveli  though. 📷 Anna Komladze [image or embed] — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 11:13 AMStarting today  protesting in Georgia without notifying police 5 days in advance is illegal. The daily protest hasn’t even begun  and police have already arrested activists — including student Nene Gablaia — without giving any reason. [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 9:30 AMThe space in front of Georgia’s Parliament is filled with protesters. Standing here risks 15 days of detention/up to a year in jail for repeat “offenses.” A new law requires notifying police 5 days in advance of a protest and effectively bans demonstrations that restrict movement—even on sidewalks. [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 12:28 PMZelenskyy at the literal front line and Kobakhidze right next to Putin. Kobakhidze hasn’t even visited the occupation line in Georgia  ever. And regime mouthpieces call Zelenskyy a coward & a clown. Don’t let the Georgian scenario happen to Ukraine – the Trojan horse takeover. [image or embed] — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 10:47 AMA fair question. It refers to Georgian Dream PM Irakli Kobakhidze appearing alongside Vladimir Putin today at a forum in Turkmenistan. Starting today  protesting on Rustaveli Avenue without notifying police 5 days in advance or ‘restricting movement’ on a sidewalk is illegal. [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 12:37 PMMikheil Zakareishvili is at it again. 😅Starting today  Georgians must notify police five days in advance before holding a protest — or risk arrest. So Mikheil went ahead and officially “announced” 47 different protests scheduled five days from now. 🎥 Mikheil Zakareishvili [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 7:50 AMIn Georgia  we are beyond “getting angry  rushing out  and everything getting out of control.” The Russian regime upped its hostile takeover game after Ukraine 2014 and learned to do better. 1/ — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 9:31 AMSo  now it challenges us with the futility of rage without structural capacity and strategy  and the extreme difficulty of consolidating all that. 2/ — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 9:31 AMPeople who would otherwise risk a lot will likely keep risking less in nearest future  because their effort seems fragmented  unprotected  not part of a bigger puzzle. 3/ — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 9:31 AMYet again  dissent won’t just stop. And that puts us back to why there will most likely continue to be a painful stalemate for some time. 4/ — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 9:31 AMReminder: targeted sanctions and regime isolation helps a lot; and the sooner civil society and independent media are strengthened  the less costly the fight will be. #TerrorinGeorgia #GeorgiaProtests 5/5. — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 9:31 AMIn Georgia and Ukraine  Russia has alternated steps of invasion and state capture. And as ironic as it sounds  it achieved its takeover in Georgia precisely due to broad support for the European idea — the population  the elites  and the foreign partners were numb to dangers. — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 3:09 PMGeorgian Dream Prime Minister posed with Putin today. And their propaganda media  POSTV  writes about Zelenskyy at the front line: “Zelenskyy with the newest iPhone” … [image or embed] — Marika Mikiashvili 🇬🇪🇺🇦🇪🇺 (@marikamikiashvili.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 4:52 PMExpect Trump to start complaining about President Zelenskyy’s iPhone within a couple of days.Norway:Russia’s not just attacking Ukraine — it’s undermining Norway’s Arctic sovereignty too. A new report outlines Moscow’s hybrid provocations in the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard since 2014  including sabotage  symbolic parades  and legal pressure.euromaidanpress.com/2025/12/11/h… [image or embed] — Euromaidan Press (@euromaidanpress.bsky.social) December 11  2025 at 6:08 PMFrom EuroMaidan Press:Russia has stepped up hybrid threat activities in the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard as part of a long-running campaign to undermine Norway’s sovereignty and test Western unity  according to the European Centre of Excellence for Countering Hybrid Threats (Hybrid CoE). Since 2014—the year when Moscow started its initial invasion of Ukraine—Russia has used a consistent strategy of grey-zone provocations  symbolic gestures  and legal ambiguity in the Arctic region to challenge Norway’s authority on Svalbard while avoiding open military conflict  the Hybrid CoE paper states. Lately  Russia has been escalating hybrid operations—sabotage  espionage  cyberattacks  and agent recruitment—across Europe to weaken support for Ukraine during Moscow’s ongoing invasion of the country. European agencies report arrests of operatives  expanded use of low-level proxies  and increased pressure on military and infrastructure targets. Moscow’s long game to destabilize Svalbard The Hybrid CoE paper outlines how Moscow uses historical narratives  religious symbolism  and surprise visits to build domestic support and provoke responses from Norway. These acts are designed to create “ambiguity and strategic paralysis” and put pressure on Norway to deviate from Western sanctions  which the paper warns could threaten broader European security. The authors trace this approach back to the Second World War  arguing that Moscow has sought to assert “special rights” on the archipelago by bi-lateralizing issues and exploiting the Svalbard Treaty’s provisions. Russian actions on Svalbard include information campaigns targeting both Russian and Norwegian audiences  accusations of treaty violations by Oslo  and attempts to portray Norway as hostile to Russian interests. “Hybrid threats aim to undermine government authority and limit the room for decision making ” the report reads.More at the link including maps.Europe:Russia is secretly collecting European SIM cards to plug into Shahed drones  making them more dangerous against Ukraine and Europe. The list of countries where SIM cards were acquired closely matches where “unidentified drones” appeared in Fall 2025. euromaidanpress.com/2025/12/11/r… [image or embed] — Euromaidan Press (@euromaidanpress.bsky.social) December 11  2025 at 5:38 PMEuroMaidan Press has the details:Russia is covertly collecting mobile SIM cards from European countries and plugging them into their Shahed drones to make these weapons deadlier  according to an investigation by the Molfar Intelligence Institute. This tech was tested in Kazakhstan before being unleashed against Ukraine. By harnessing civilian 4G networks  the Shaheds can better evade air defenses and tell the Russians where these defenses are concentrated. This helps Russia conduct its terror strikes against Ukraine’s civilians and infrastructure  to kill people and plunge the country into cold and darkness. But Russia’s designs may extend beyond Ukraine — Moscow may be preparing for drone operations against European countries. Molfar reviewed Russia’s operation to acquire European SIM cards and found that the list closely matches the countries whose airspace was violated by unknown drones in Fall 2025. “The internal documents and the SIM-card purchase records show that Russia was using cards from a wide range of countries to test its drones ” Molfar wrote. “That list of mobile operators almost exactly matches the countries where ‘unidentified’ drones were spotted.” How the SIM card trackers work In the opening days of the full-scale invasion  Russian commanders were lambasted for trying to use unsecured mobile phones on Ukrainian networks to communicate  causing some of them to blunder into traps. The Russians have come a long way since then. 4G modems are part of the Shaheds’ GPS navigational package. Adding functional SIM cards allows these drones to connect to Ukrainian (and other countries’) data networks. These trackers are able to send information back to Russia through these networks  possibly employing Telegram bots for this purpose  according to Ukrainian engineers. Russian operators are able to track the drone’s speed  altitude and location. Shaheds’ onboard cameras can take pictures of their surroundings  then beam them back to their handlers through the network. If a connection goes down  the Russians can mark off the area as a potential site of Ukrainian air defense or electronic warfare. Most Shaheds are made at the sprawling Alabuga factory complex in Russia’s Tatarstan region. According to the investigation  Alabuga staff tested these trackers  which performed “exactly as intended.”More at the link.It also indicates that the Trump administration seems ignorant of how interaction of Ukrainian accession with various East and South European security concerns would inevitably lead to a reframing of the EU’s Article 42/7 mutual defence clause [image or embed] — Alexander Clarkson (@aphclarkson.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 7:48 AMOn that note  I’ve long suspected that if the Russians come under pressure that forces them to back away from maximalist goals towards Ukrainian sovereignty the Putinist fallback option would be to declare a “partition” of Ukraine with the EU as a grand victory for Moscow — Alexander Clarkson (@aphclarkson.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 7:53 AMThe EU froze €210bn of Russian sovereign assets held in the bloc on Friday. The freezing paves the way for a loan to be raised against the assets to prop up Ukraine’s defence. on.ft.com/48PfDCV [image or embed] — Financial Times (@financialtimes.com) December 12  2025 at 4:02 PMFrom The Financial Times:The EU froze indefinitely €210bn of Russian sovereign assets held in the bloc on Friday as Kyiv and its European allies sought to strengthen their hand at a critical phase in US-orchestrated peace talks. The freezing paves the way for a loan to be raised against the assets to prop up Ukraine’s defence. EU leaders still have to overcome strong objections from Belgium  where the assets are mostly held  at a summit next week. Italy has also sided with Belgium. In a statement on Friday evening  the two countries — along with Bulgaria and Malta — urged the EU to “continue exploring and discussing alternative options” to meet Ukraine’s financial needs  potentially through an EU loan facility  which they argued would present “significantly less risk”. Moscow also fired back  filing a lawsuit against Euroclear  the Brussels-based depository holding most of the assets  which may allow Russia to seize the company’s assets held inside the country. The moves came as the Trump administration has ratcheted up the pressure on Kyiv to sign a peace deal with Russia by Christmas on largely unfavourable terms first drawn up between Washington and Moscow. European leaders have closed ranks with Ukraine as it seeks to avoid being forced into what many Ukrainians and Europeans regard as capitulation. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is due to travel to Berlin on Monday to meet German Chancellor Friedrich Merz and other European leaders. Zelenskyy said they would discuss the security guarantees that European capitals would provide Ukraine as part of a peace settlement. Ukrainian negotiators  supported by European officials  have sought to improve the terms of the US-brokered peace proposal  grasping for points of leverage while also considering once unthinkable concessions. A revised peace proposal drawn up by Ukrainian and European officials and sent to Washington this week envisages Ukraine joining the EU as soon as 2027  an accelerated timetable that would rip up the bloc’s established accession procedure. Intensive diplomacy was under way to establish “common ground” between Ukrainians  Europeans and Americans on a new version of the deal that could then be presented to Russia  said a French official. Yuri Ushakov  foreign policy adviser to President Vladimir Putin  said: “When we do see it  I sense that we’re not going to like a lot of it.” While the EU made its move on Russian assets  Zelenskyy made a surprise visit on Friday to the frontline city of Kupiansk  in eastern Ukraine  which Moscow claimed to have captured weeks ago. The Ukrainian army was pushing Russian forces back  Zelenskyy said  claiming its resistance there would strengthen Ukraine’s hand in talks. “This is exactly how it works: all our strong positions inside the country become strong positions in discussions about ending the war ” he said. European officials remain highly sceptical that Russia will agree to anything that falls short of their maximalist objectives  which include subjugation of Ukraine. Zelenskyy has said Ukraine is discussing with US officials the details of a possible “free economic” or “demilitarised” zone in Donetsk province  which Moscow is insisting Ukraine surrender as the price of any deal. He has ruled out handing over territory  but suggested that Ukrainian forces could pull back from the contact line in the area if Russian forces did the same and Ukraine received strong security guarantees.More at the link.The Guardian has more:European Council president António Costa confirmed on Friday that EU leaders had delivered on a commitment  made in October  to “keep Russian assets immobilised until Russia ends its war of aggression against Ukraine and compensates for the damage caused”. Before this step  EU sanctions underpinning the frozen assets needed to be renewed every six months – creating potential for a Kremlin-friendly government  such as Hungary  to veto the move. The decision came hours after Russia’s central bank said it was filing a lawsuit against Euroclear  the Brussels central securities depository that holds these assets. The organisation  once a little-known part of international financial plumbing that is now in the spotlight  has no say on how the frozen funds are used. The lawsuit  being filed in a Moscow court  claims Euroclear’s “illegal actions” had caused “damage” to the central bank’s ability to manage funds and securities. Euroclear declined to comment  but a spokesperson said it was “currently fighting more than 100 legal claims in Russia”.More at the link.One of the main drivers of what the EU is doing by freezing these assets is to remove them from Trump’s grasp  thereby preventing Witkoff  Jared  Ushakov  and Dmitriev from scarfing them up and dividing them between Trump  Putin  and themselves.Today’s decision is an important step toward ensuring guarantees for Belgium  guarding this money from russia & paving the way for the Reparation Loan. We explained in June that the EU dragging their feet from fortifying sanctions is a time bomb.euobserver.com/eu-and-the-w… [image or embed] — Olena Halushka (@halushka.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 1:31 PMFrom EU Observer:EU commissioner for defence and space  Andrius Kubilius  has warned that Russia is already capable of producing four times more weapons than all Nato member states combined  including the United States. Now imagine how this imbalance would escalate if Russia received a financial injection of €200bn — more than its entire war budget for 2025. Unfortunately  this is no longer a theoretical concern but a very real risk that could materialise as early as of the end of July. The immobilization of nearly €200bn in Russian Central Bank (RCB) assets is currently part of the EU sanctions regime  which is reviewed every six months and requires unanimous agreement to be continued. The next review is scheduled for 31 July 2025. If even a single EU member state — like Hungary  which regularly threatens to block the extension of sanctions — follows through on its blackmail  the freeze on these assets could be lifted  allowing Russia to immediately reclaim the funds. There would be no way to reverse this decision. Money that could have helped to finance Ukraine’s reconstruction and bolster European security would instead fund more Russian tanks and missiles to kill Ukrainian children and return to Europe in the form of terrorism and sabotage. Additionally  the EU would lose a key repayment source for the $50bn [€43.1bn] Extraordinary Revenue Acceleration (ERA) loan issued by the G7. Even if European leaders succeed in persuading Viktor Orbán to support the sanctions’ extension in July  the same threat will resurface in January. Rather than heroically fighting and claiming victory in the same battle every six months  the EU must finally take decisive action to fortify its sanctions regime and focus on broader defence and security challenges across the continent. Most importantly  EU sanctions are not merely a political gesture or an act of solidarity with Ukraine. They are legal measures designed to counter serious threats  establish reaction to violation of international law and must be treated as such. The general legal framework of the EU’s external actions is laid down in articles 3 and 21 of the Treaty on European Union (TEU). EU Council Decision 2022/335 explicitly states that Russia’s actions constitute a flagrant violation of the UN Charter and pose a threat to international security. The EU had to respond to the Russian aggression. Moreover  the EU’s legal position has already been clearly established in case law. The General Court of the EU has explicitly stated  for example  in decision on sanctions against Venezuela  that decisions in the area of the Common Foreign and Security Policy (CFSP) are taken to ensure compliance with international law  the prohibition of torture  the protection of child rights  and other fundamental principles. Secondly  contrary to widespread belief — including among many European officials we meet regularly — the time limitation of EU sanctions is not a legal requirement. It is a political choice. Article 28(1) of the Treaty on European Union (TEU) allows the council to set a duration for sanctions but does not oblige it to do so. The key criterion for reviewing a sanctions decision should not be an arbitrary date  but a meaningful change in circumstances. Sanctions should remain in force until their objectives are fully achieved. Spending nights in metro stations in Kyiv to shelter from ballistic bombardments  we haven’t noticed the meaningful change in circumstances equal to Russia ceasing its aggression. Then how can there be any serious talks about potential lifting of sanctions? The council of the EU official guidelines on imposition of restrictive measures outlines two possible approaches to sanctions duration: Renewing the sanctions decision if the council of the EU determines that its objectives have not yet been achieved  and repealing the decision if the council concludes that its objectives have been met. While the second approach is explicitly presented as preferable  it has not been applied in practice  unfortunately.More at the link.Hungarian PM Orban accused Brussels of ending EU rule of law by abolishing unanimity on frozen Russian assets  claiming it establishes a dictatorship to continue an unwinnable Ukraine war  vowing Hungary will restore lawful order. [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 4:00 AMThe US:Hegseth removed the U.S. Army commander from peace talks on ending the war in Ukraine amid rumors he might be appointed to replace him  according to the Telegraph.🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️ [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 10:26 AMThe headline is a bit misleading  it is referring to Secretary of the Army Driscoll  not the Commanding General of US Army Europe.From The Telegraph: (emphasis mine)The head of the US army has been sidelined from peace talks to end the war in Ukraine by Pete Hegseth. Dan Driscoll  seen as the rising star of the Pentagon  was “reeled in” by the increasingly paranoid defence secretary  sources told The Telegraph. Mr Driscoll  a former soldier  was cut out of negotiations by Mr Hegseth after he was seen to overstep his brief  it is understood. On Thursday  diplomatic sources thought the defence secretary would attend talks in his place  although that is no longer the case  it is understood. “He was seen to be exerting himself a bit too much  and he had his hand slapped ” a person close to the fallout said. While the Pentagon under Mr Hegseth’s direction has descended into a bed of paranoia  chaos and controversy  Mr Driscoll had – until now – largely managed to steer clear of the mudslinging. Already a close friend of JD Vance  the vice-president  his stock had been quickly rising within the Trump administration  and he was becoming increasingly favoured by the Europeans for his experience and level-headedness. This led him to take on high-profile roles during the peace talks. In November  he was charged with presenting Volodymyr Zelensky the 28-point plan that Donald Trump hopes will lead to peace between Russia and Ukraine. With it  he became the most senior member of the Trump administration to have visited Ukraine  a sign of his growing status. During that trip last month  Mr Driscoll was tasked with securing the buy-in for a US-backed peace plan from Mr Zelensky. However  the meeting was unsuccessful and reportedly became heated as the Ukrainian president refused the plan  which counted on Ukraine agreeing to cede territory to Russia. European ambassadors involved in the talks described Mr Driscoll as an official who showed little interest in compromising to help the Ukrainian side. It is no surprise that Mr Driscoll’s negotiating style has caught the president’s eye  with Mr Trump priding himself on his tough dealmaker persona. “We are not negotiating details ” he reportedly said during one of his huddles in Kyiv. The army secretary is seen as part of an anti-interventionist Maga group of delegates led by Mr Vance  who triggered the infamous row between Mr Zelensky and Mr Trump in the Oval Office in February. A second establishment group  led by Marco Rubio  the US president’s national security adviser and secretary of state  has played a more prominent role in the talks. That group is set to be at a meeting in Paris between the US  European and Ukrainian officials on Saturday. Mr Trump has been invited to the talks  but said he had not yet made up his mind on whether he would attend. However  it is the business group  marshalled by Steve Witkoff  Mr Trump’s top envoy  and Jared Kushner  the president’s son-in-law and an informal adviser  who are leading the charge when it comes to peace talks. One source familiar with the discussions said it was “funny” that the tone of negotiations would often change depending on which of the groups is in the driving seat. Last month  The Telegraph revealed that Mr Driscoll was seen as a favourite to replace Mr Hegseth as Pentagon chief should the position become available. A former senior White House official described the army chief as the “workhorse” who is “exactly” what Mr Trump is looking for.More at the link.Driscoll is Vance’s trusted agent and catspaw in the building/the Pentagon. If Hegseth is turfed out  Vance is angling to have Driscoll replace him. Should Trump die in office  Vance will definitely replace Hegseth with Driscoll as he moves to replace all of the sycophants  TV personalities  and other weirdos Trump has appointed with his own people/whomever Thiel tells him to appoint.And there goes another Trump talking point:Kremlin spokesman Peskov rejected ceasefire idea for holding a referendum in Ukraine  calling it another deception  insisting only peace is needed. — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 10:42 AMNot that he’ll stop complaining about Zelenskyy.As I was saying.Trump said the US would help with a security agreement for Ukraine  calling it a necessary factor for reaching a deal. The president claimed everyone except Zelenskyy supports the peace plan  stating he thought the US was very close to deals with both Russia and Ukraine. [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 2:57 AMTrump confirmed US attendance at Saturday’s meeting in Europe if there are good chances for a deal  warning the conflict could escalate to World War Three if not resolved  and discussed denuclearization with China and Russia. — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 2:57 AMBack to Ukraine.In these hard days  President Zelensky is holding the line where it matters most — defending Ukraine from utmost pressure disguised as “peace.” Durable peace in Europe won’t come from appeasing the aggressor. The free world should support him. Forcing a democracy to surrender will fuel more wars. [image or embed] — Olena Halushka (@halushka.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 5:11 AMI’m putting this here because it’s published in The Kyiv Independent.“If only Putin and his clique answer for all the wrongs  while 140 m Russians are absolved of responsibility  how will they learn that apathy enables injustice?” @ChakhoyanAndrew on why Russia’s “opposition” must confront Russia’s imperialist reality. kyivindependent.com/opinion-the-… [image or embed] — Euan MacDonald (@euanmacdonald.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 1:25 PMFrom The Kyiv Independent:“What’s the point of a world without Russia in it?” asked a well-known politician  now a wanted war criminal  back in 2018. A less prominent Russian figure echoed this sentiment in 2024  though less threateningly  when he remarked  “The disintegration of Russia would be a catastrophe  not only for our country and people but a tragedy for the world.” The first quote belongs to Russian President Vladimir Putin  and the second to one of his biggest critics  dissident Illya Yashin. Despite their many disagreements  both appear oblivious to the root cause of Moscow’s aggression — an empire built on violence and deceit  masquerading as a nation. Neither is willing to confront this foundational lie that anchors their country’s politics  culture  and self-conception. Age-old Russian colonialism — manifested this century in wars against Ichkeria  Georgia  and Ukraine — endures not through any single leader or regime but through a mindset ingrained in the collective psyche. Rooted in centuries of conquest  Moscow reframes aggression as defense  shielding Russian society from confronting its role in sustaining the empire and its violence. Yashin attributed his fears of Russia’s collapse to the issue of “loose nukes” — a concern well-known to American policymakers. This echoes the famous Chicken Kyiv speech  where U.S. President George H.W. Bush urged Ukrainians to remain in the Soviet Union. While the U.S. was preoccupied with worries about what could go wrong if the Soviet Union ceased to exist  Ukrainians saw this as betrayal. Did Washington truly fail to grasp Russia’s brutal imperial history? Was the Holodomor — a famine engineered by Moscow to kill millions of Ukrainians and crush their national movement — not enough evidence of this? The new icon of the Russian opposition  Yulia Navalnaya  who took up her late husband’s mantle  offered starkly different arguments: “There are those who advocate for the urgent ‘decolonization’ of Russia  arguing to split our vast country into smaller  safer states. However  these ‘de-colonizers’ can’t explain why people with shared backgrounds and cultures should be artificially divided.” To grasp how absurd  yet offensive  this statement is  one only needs to recall Putin’s rationale for the criminal war Moscow is waging on Ukraine. The “brotherly people” rhetoric has been used by Russia’s tyrannical rulers for centuries. How did people in Tatarstan  Dagestan  or the Sakha Republic come to “share backgrounds” with Muscovites? Because they were all colonized. Unlike other empires  Moscow’s didn’t rely on racial exclusion. “Instead  it was based on the no-less violent ‘idea of sameness ’ meaning the colonized were forced to surrender their identity and adopt the norms of the colonizer ” explained Ukrainian philosopher Volodymyr Yermolenko. Another prominent member of the Russian opposition  Vladimir Kara-Murza  gave an interview to The Guardian and chose to highlight one quote in his recent tweet: “It’s not just the Russian people  in his view  who need to take collective responsibility  but Western leaders too  who ‘for all these years were buying gas from Putin  inviting him to international summits  rolling out red carpets.’” He is undeniably a brave person  and I am convinced that his intentions are genuine. Yet  even the most enlightened thinkers among the self-professed Russian opposition cannot help but try to find someone else to blame for the war crimes committed by Russians in Ukraine  absolving them of responsibility or at least spreading it thin. By portraying the Russian people as passive victims of Putin’s regime  opposition figures are paradoxically validating Putinism — the latest reincarnation of a Moscow-centric colonial system of subjugation masked as nationalism.Rather than owning up to collective responsibility  the opposition continues to separate the Russian populace from the actions of their state  effectively reinforcing a culture of denial and complicity rather than challenging it. Kara-Murza’s common appeal to Western leaders can be summarized as: don’t punish the people. Who could argue against it? But the deeper meaning and symbolism matter. If Putin and his clique are to answer for all the wrongs while the 140 million Russians are absolved of their responsibility  how will they learn that apathy enables injustice? And when will they confront Russia’s bloodstained history  let alone atone for it? While many in the West would like to believe that the Russian people are merely victims of state propaganda  the reality is more complicated. Jade McGlynn  in her book “Russia’s War ” argues that “Russia’s war on Ukraine is popular with large numbers of Russians and acceptable to an even larger number.” This complicity cannot be explained solely by fear of the regime. “Putin doesn’t shape Russian views on foreign policy or Ukraine so much as he articulates them ” she explained. McGlynn points out that many Russians accept Moscow’s narrative because the alternative — admitting they are complicit in a genocidal war — would be too painful. This mass delusion  coupled with the dehumanization of Ukrainians  sets off a vicious cycle permitting widespread support for or ambivalence toward atrocities.More at the link.Pokrovsk:Russian forces attempted a flanking maneuver near Pokrovsk with dozens of vehicles  trying to strike Ukrainian positions from the rear. Ukraine’s 425th Skelya Regiment detected the convoy in time. Coordinated actions afterwards successfully dismantled the column and halted the assault. [image or embed] — NOELREPORTS (@noelreports.com) December 11  2025 at 12:53 PM💥 The Russian Freedom Legion reported the destruction of the UAV control point of the 7th company of the 35th motorized rifle brigade of the occupation army. A group of legionnaires managed to penetrate the enemy’s rear and launch a fire attack near Pokrovsk. [image or embed] — MAKS 25 👀🇺🇦 (@maks23.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 8:52 AMPropagandist Solovyov showed up with his rag in nearly occupied Pokrovsk  with DeepState map showing nearly the entire city under Russian control or in gray zone. [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 9:34 AMHuliaipole  Zaporizhzhia Oblast:Russia just crossed the river that was supposed to protect Huliaipole — in two places. The town anchors Ukraine’s entire southeastern defense line. Ukraine’s 102nd Territorial Brigade is holding on outnumbered 5-to-1  with the elite 225th Assault Regiment rushing in to stop a collapse. [image or embed] — Euromaidan Press (@euromaidanpress.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 11:08 AM“I do not rule out that Russian assault groups have already reached the hospital ” observer Thorkill wrote after tracking soldiers’ social media. If Huliaipole falls  the road toward Zaporizhzhia opens up.euromaidanpress.com/2025/12/12/h… [image or embed] — Euromaidan Press (@euromaidanpress.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 11:08 AMEuroMaidan Press has the details:Outnumbered Ukrainian territorials are falling back in Huliaipole as a Russian division advancesHuliaipole anchors Ukrainian defenses in the southeast  but possibly not for longRussian infantry are contesting outlying districts and crossing the river in the middle of the town Russian troops are marching into Huliaipole as the Russians press their manpower advantage  trading thousands of lives for slow but steady gains across eastern and southeastern Ukraine. Without an influx of fresh troops  Ukrainian forces may continue to fall back  eventually exposing major cities in the east (Kramatorsk and Sloviansk) and south (Zaporizhzhia) to Russian bombardment and  in the worst-case scenario  ground assault. Russian 127th Division exploits gaps in Ukrainian lines Huliaipole anchors Ukrainian defenses in eastern Zaporizhzhia Oblast. The town was secure until a powerful Russian force led by the 127th Motor Rifle Division exploited gaps in Ukrainian defenses and advanced swiftly across the open terrain and advanced all the way to Huliaipole’s outskirts earlier this month. The battered  demoralized Ukrainian 102nd Territorial Defense Brigade garrisons the town with the help of the elite 225th Assault Regiment  which hurried toward the town last month in part to prevent the out-gunned  out-numbered 102nd Territorial Brigade from total collapse. There were event reports the 225th Assault Regiment opened fire to prevent the territorials from retreating. The Ukrainian defense consolidated in Huliaipole itself. But infantry-starved Ukrainian units are no longer capable of reliably defending urban settlements from infantry-rich Russian regiments with a five-to-one manpower advantage. Key facts: Russian force: 127th Motor Rifle DivisionUkrainian defenders: 102nd Territorial Brigade  225th Assault RegimentManpower ratio: Approximately 5:1 Russian advantageGeographic anchor: Haichur River divides town north-to-southStrategic risk: Roads through Ostapivske could be cut Urban defense falters Ukrainian forces deploy drones to compensate for infantry shortages  but built-up areas with their abandoned buildings and deep basements protect the attackers from the drones. Once a few Russians are lodged inside a town or city  more Russians are bound to follow. Ukrainian infantry assaults could dislodge them  if the infantry were available. Drone attacks can’t dislodge them. Yes  the Russians’ slow-but-steady urban assault tactics are costly: the Russians lose several times as many troops as the Ukrainians do. But they work for a military that’s still mobilizing more people every month than it’s burying. Russians cross Haichur River in two places Thus  the Russians forced their way into Huliaipole’s easternmost districts in recent days. The Haichur River  threading north-to-south through the town  is the main thing preventing a faster Russian advance into Huliapole  but even it isn’t a foolproof defense. According to observer Thorkill  who monitors soldiers’ social media accounts in order to map Russian and Ukrainian moves in Ukraine  Russian assault groups have managed to cross the river in two separate places since last week. The Russians then began attacking toward the city hospital complex on the river’s western bank. “I do not rule out that Russian assault groups have already reached it ” Thorkill wrote on Thursday. Supply shortages and command dysfunction plague defense The 102nd Territorial Brigade isn’t equipped for this fight. “I have to say that the information I gather from Facebook profiles of people associated with the 102nd Territorial Defense Brigade sometimes sounds so unbelievable that I myself do not doubt it ” Thorkill wrote. The territorials’ claims are too scandalous to be fiction. Thorkill reported reading about “very large supply shortages for the fighting units there  mass falsification of reports sent higher up  complete lack of trust between units and their neighbors resulting in the folding of flanks or even adopting all-round defenses  and about alcoholic commanders who remain in battalion headquarters under the influence of alcohol.” The garrison in Huliaipole recently got a new commander  Col. Yaroslav Sidorov  but Sidorov reportedly exercises little direct control over the town’s defense. According to Thorkill  Sidorov is frequently overruled by the wider Operational Task Force South and its own commander  Maj. Gen. Mykhailo Sydorenko. Risk of encirclement looms The situation in Huliaipole is rapidly deteriorating for the Ukrainians. “The ability of Russian forces to cross the Haichur River will be a decisive factor in transforming their tactical success into an operational one ” the Ukrainian Center for Defense Strategies warned. According to CDS  there’s even some risk that Ukrainian troops in and around the town could find themselves partially cut off by Russian forces advancing toward Ostapivske  25 km north of Huliaipole. The large concentration of Ukrainian troops in and around Pokrovske in neighboring Dnipropetrovsk Oblast counts on roads passing through and near Ostapivske to quickly reach Huliaipole.There are maps and images at the link.The Caspian Sea:SBU Drones Strike Caspian Sea Oil Platforms Again Long-range drones have successfully attacked the Filanovsky oil platform for the second time in a week. Another platform  the Korchagin  was also hit. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 2:14 PMPreliminary reports indicate that the drones damaged critical equipment on both ice-resistant platforms  forcing production processes to be suspended. — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 2:14 PMKostiantynivka:The Predator Patrol Police shared grim images of Konstantynivka almost wiped out by Russia  just 20 kilometers from Kramatorsk. Go ahead  zoom in. See what Russians are doing to Ukraine. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 11:53 AMOdesa:The Cenk Roro vessel attacked by Russia was en route from Turkey’s Karasu port to Romania. The ship is owned by the Turkish ferry company Cenk Shipping RoRo  which transports trucks and trailers. Photos circulating online suggest the vessel was loaded with lorries at the time. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 11:49 AMThe Cenk Roro vessel attacked by Russia was en route from Turkey’s Karasu port to Romania. The ship is owned by the Turkish ferry company Cenk Shipping RoRo  which transports trucks and trailers. Photos circulating online suggest the vessel was loaded with lorries at the time. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 11:49 AMIn Odesa  Russia struck a Turkish vessel  which is now burning. Just a few hours earlier  Putin had met with Erdoğan. This is how handshakes with Russia always go. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 10:23 AMKupyansk  Kharkiv Oblast:According to DeepState data  as a result of a successful operation by Ukraine’s Defense Forces  enemy units have been blocked in Kupiansk and the entire north-western outskirts of the city have been cleared. [image or embed] — 🦋Special Kherson Cat🐈🇺🇦 (@specialkhersoncat.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 5:11 AM/2. The operation remains ongoing. Ukrainian forces established a blocking line  cut off the enemy garrison from its main forces  rapidly secured Radkivka and Kindrashivka  brought Holubivka under fire control  and cleared Myrne and the north-western areas of Kupiansk. — 🦋Special Kherson Cat🐈🇺🇦 (@specialkhersoncat.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 5:11 AMRussian occupied Crimea is experiencing higher than usual poltergeist activity:🔥 An-26 transport aircraft and two radars – “Prymary” of GUR in Crimea burned down another expensive target of Muscovites GUR also successfully hit two expensive radar systems – the 55Zh6M “Nebo-M” radar and the 64N6E radar. [image or embed] — MAKS 25 👀🇺🇦 (@maks23.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 7:34 AMSumy:Russia struck a sports complex in Sumy with drones while children were training  regional administration reports. The children and their coaches were quickly evacuated. Preliminary reports say everyone is alive and unharmed. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 7:19 AMNovoplatonivka  Kharkiv Oblast:On Dec 10  russians killed a man riding a motorcycle near Novoplatonivka. A second FPV drone hovered above his body  ready to target the rescuers. And yet Witkoff is obsessed with gifting Ukrainian land and people to these bloodthirsty monsters. Source: 77th separate Naddriprianska airmobile brigade [image or embed] — Olena Halushka (@halushka.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 12:43 PMSaratov Oblast  Russia:Orenburg Oblast  Russia:Fire engulfed Orsk Mechanical Plant producing over 50% of Russia’s artillery shells and MLRS components  ASTRA reports after geolocating footage of the Rostec-owned facility burning. [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) December 12  2025 at 5:56 AMYaroslavl Oblast  Russia:Tver Oblast  Russia:That’s enough for tonight.Your daily Patron!There are no new Patron skeets or videos today. Here is some adjacent material.[summary] Ukrainian soldiers near Kharkiv found five puppies in danger. They heard barking and found them entangled in anti-drone nets. They evacuated them with a ground drone. The dogs received food and warmth  and the next day  volunteers picked them up to find permanent homes.[source: nv.ua ] [image or embed] — Kevin (@kevinlikesmaps.bsky.social) December 11  2025 at 3:56 PMOpen thread!,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,mixed,0.41,0.15,0.44,True,English,"['Ukraine Day', 'War', 'Putin', 'Anyone', 'Else', 'Sphere', 'Influence', 'Colonel General Oleg Leontievich Makarevich', 'current U.S. military buildup', 'European ethnonationalist fascist parties', 'other great powers’ spheres', 'Task Force Southern Spear', 'U.S. Southern Command', 'elite Russian drone unit', 'new National Security Strategy', 'The Ukrainian intelligence chief', 'Lt. Gen. Kyrylo Budanov', 'Venezuelan dictator Nicolas Maduro', 'Equator Task Force', 'U.S. attack', 'controversial Russian general', 'U.S. forces', 'quick housekeeping note', 'historical Russian hegemony', 'special forces training', 'Russian troop levels', 'The War Zone', 'rotational advisory mission', 'ongoing Caribbean operation', 'The Russian President', 'South American country', 'Defense Intelligence Directorate', 'Venezuelan forces', 'military functions', 'military advisors', 'other things', 'Venezuelan people', 'Russian Ministry', 'Russian commanders', 'Russian claims', 'signals intelligence', 'The Russians', 'western hemisphere', 'muddled mess', 'eastern Europe', 'Nordic states', 'Mike Eckel', 'wide range', 'White House', 'pertinent details', 'first-person view', 'FPV) drones', 'narcotics trafficking', 'recent coverage', 'long-standing rotation', 'Typical rotations', 'President Zelenskyy', 'daily address', 'English transcript', 'good health', 'Russian troops', 'Caribbean push', 'central Asia', 'significant presence', 'Kupyansk sector', 'Trump administration', 'mikeeckel.bsky', 'influence idea', '120 troops', 'comments', 'weekend', 'concept', 'competition', 'PRC', 'deal', 'prices', 'something', 'team', 'rush', 'Colombia', 'hallmark', 'Putin', 'attempts', 'control', 'dominance', 'Baltics', 'doubt', 'calls', 'everyone', 'phone', 'Kremlin', 'tass_agency', 'December', 'solidarity', 'support', 'government', 'course', 'sovereignty', '22 AM', 'time', 'head', 'Ukraine', 'GUR', 'ETF', 'charge', 'activities', 'reaction', 'region', 'Pentagon', 'SOUTHCOM', 'confirmation', 'story', 'Questions', 'effort', 'scenes', 'units', 'game', 'teachers', 'infantry', 'UAV', 'deployment', 'years', 'change', 'beginning', 'link', 'PMC', 'Video', 'jump', 'Results', 'Frontline', 'Diplomacy', 'warriors', 'job', 'reality', '10']",2025-12-12,2025-12-14,balloon-juice.com
54240,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nbcnews.com/world/ukraine/us-envoy-steve-witkoff-hold-talks-zelenskyy-european-leaders-berlin-rcna248978,U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff to hold talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders in Berlin,United States special envoy Steve Witkoff is on his way to Berlin  Germany  to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders for peace negotiations aimed at ending the war in Ukraine  a senior White House official told NBC News,"United States special envoy Steve Witkoff is on his way to Berlin  Germany  to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders for peace negotiations aimed at ending the war in Ukraine  a senior White House official told NBC News.Witkoff has spearheaded talks with Ukraine and Russia since President Donald Trump took office in January  but multiple high-level meetings between the U.S. and the two warring nations have yet to produce results as disagreements remain over the content of a peace plan.Trump  who has pushed for a deal to be in place by Christmas  has signaled that his patience is running thin.European leaders have focused on how to support Ukraine in the event of a peace deal  with talks ongoing over security guarantees and funding. But long-time American allies in Europe have struggled to balance the mounting pressure from Washington with their reluctance to give in to Russia’s hard-line demands.Zelenskyy said Ukraine submitted a 20-point plan to the U.S. on Wednesday  as it sought to balance out a 28-point U.S.-backed plan whose original version was seen as too favorable to Moscow.Ukraine’s proposal included separate documents on security guarantees  to prevent Russia from attacking again  and on rebuilding Ukraine’s war-hit cities.The issue of ceding territory remains a major sticking point in negotiations  and Russian President Vladimir Putin last week reiterated his goal to take eastern Ukraine “by force” unless his unwavering demands are met.Zelenskyy said there was still no common understanding on the land issue and that Ukrainians should vote on any territorial concessions in a referendum.Russia has continued its bombardment of Ukraine as talks continue. Ukraine's southern port city of Odesa and the surrounding region suffered major blackouts on Saturday after a large overnight Russian attack on the power grid across the country.Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant also temporarily lost all offsite power overnight for the 12th time  the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on Saturday  citing its Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi.Zelenskyy said in a post on X: ""It is important that everyone now sees what Russia is doing – every step they take in terror against our people  all their attacks  for this is clearly not about ending the war. They still aim to destroy our state and inflict maximum pain on our people.""Witkoff's visit to Berlin comes as the European Union agreed Friday to indefinitely freeze Russian assets worth 210 billion euros ($246 billion) held in Europe  as it considers using those assets to fund Ukraine’s war effort.The indefinite freeze appears to be a bid to convince Belgium  where much of that money is held at Euroclear  to agree to plans that would loan a large chunk of the money to Ukraine to cover its military and civilian budget needs in 2026 and 2027.Belgium opposed the plan because it fears legal retaliation by Russia  which has condemned the freezing of its assets as theft  but the agreement includes a guarantee that Belgium would not be left alone to foot the bill should a potential Russian lawsuit prove successful.Zelenskyy said Thursday that negotiators are wrestling with the question of territorial possession in U.S.-led peace talks on ending the war with Russia  including the future of Ukraine’s eastern Donetsk region and the Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant  one of the world’s 10 biggest atomic plants.Speaking to reporters in Kyiv on Friday  Zelenskyy said the U.S. is offering as a compromise to create a “free economic zone” in the Ukraine-controlled parts of the eastern Donbas which Russia has demanded that Ukraine cede.Among the issues Zelenskyy shared were that Russia wants to incorporate the entire Donbas  which Ukraine opposes. He also said the U.S. proposed turning Donbas into a “free economic zone.” That would mean Ukrainian forces withdraw from Donbas and Russia refrains from entering the parts of Donbas it does not currently occupy.“They see it as Ukrainian troops withdrawing from the Donetsk region  and the compromise is supposedly that Russian troops will not enter this part of Donetsk region. They do not know who will govern this territory ” he said  adding that Russia is referring to it as a “demilitarized zone.”NATO chief Mark Rutte struck a drastic note Thursday as he urged allies to step up defense efforts. “We are Russia’s next target ” he said  warning of a conflict that could be on “the scale of war our grandparents and great-grandparents endured.”",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['U.S. envoy', 'Steve Witkoff', 'European leaders', 'talks', 'Zelenskyy', 'Berlin', 'Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi', 'Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant', '28-point U.S.-backed plan', 'United States special envoy', 'senior White House official', 'NATO chief Mark Rutte', 'U.S.-led peace talks', 'International Atomic Energy Agency', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'large overnight Russian attack', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy', '10 biggest atomic plants', 'multiple high-level meetings', 'two warring nations', 'southern port city', 'civilian budget needs', 'potential Russian lawsuit', 'President Donald Trump', 'free economic zone', 'major sticking point', 'long-time American allies', 'eastern Donetsk region', 'peace plan', 'power grid', 'offsite power', 'large chunk', 'Russian troops', 'Ukrainian forces', 'Ukrainian troops', 'demilitarized zone', '20-point plan', 'major blackouts', 'Russian assets', 'peace negotiations', 'peace deal', 'surrounding region', 'European leaders', 'NBC News', 'security guarantees', 'mounting pressure', 'hard-line demands', 'original version', 'separate documents', 'war-hit cities', 'unwavering demands', 'common understanding', 'territorial concessions', '12th time', 'maximum pain', 'European Union', '210 billion euros', 'indefinite freeze', 'legal retaliation', 'territorial possession', 'drastic note', 'defense efforts', 'next target', 'eastern Donbas', 'land issue', 'Ukraine-controlled parts', 'eastern Ukraine', 'entire Donbas', 'Steve Witkoff', 'war effort', 'way', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'office', 'January', 'results', 'disagreements', 'content', 'place', 'Christmas', 'patience', 'event', 'ongoing', 'funding', 'Washington', 'reluctance', 'Wednesday', 'Moscow', 'proposal', 'ceding', 'territory', 'goal', 'Ukrainians', 'referendum', 'bombardment', 'Odesa', 'Saturday', 'country', 'IAEA', 'post', 'everyone', 'step', 'terror', 'people', 'attacks', 'visit', 'bid', 'Belgium', 'money', 'Euroclear', 'plans', 'military', 'freezing', 'theft', 'negotiators', 'question', 'future', 'world', 'reporters', 'Kyiv', 'Friday', 'compromise', 'issues', 'conflict', 'scale', 'grandparents']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,nbcnews.com
54241,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://slashdot.org/firehose.pl?op=view&amp;id=180376069,EU dismisses Russia's lawsuit against Euroclear as 'speculative' and groundless - Euronews.com,EU dismisses Russia's lawsuit against Euroclear as 'speculative' and groundlessEuronews.com EU indefinitely freezes Russian assets so Hungary and Slovakia can’t veto their use for UkraineCNN EU agrees to indefinitely freeze Russian assets  removing obstacle t…,EU dismisses Russia's lawsuit against Euroclear as 'speculative' and groundlessEuronews.com EU indefinitely freezes Russian assets so Hungary and Slovakia can’t veto their use for UkraineCNN EU agrees to indefinitely freeze Russian assets  removing obstacle t…,negative,0.0,0.34,0.65,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['EU', 'Russia', 'lawsuit', 'Russian assets', 'UkraineCNN EU', 'lawsuit', 'Euroclear', 'groundlessEuronews', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'use', 'obstacle']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,slashdot.org
54242,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/eu-freezes-russian-assets-indefinitely-in-step-towards-165bn-loan-to-ukraine/a1677644964.html,EU freezes Russian assets indefinitely in step towards €165bn loan to Ukraine,The European Union agreed yesterday to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia.,European governments agreed to immobilise €210bn of Russian central bank assets held in Europe for as long as needed  ending six-monthly vote on freezeThe European Council is due to meet on December 18 to finalise details of the reparations loan. Photo: GettyThe European Union agreed yesterday to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia.The EU wants to keep Ukraine financed and fighting as it sees Russia’s invasion as a threat to its own security. To do so  the EU stated an aim to put to work some of the Russian sovereign assets they immobilised after the 2022 invasion.A first big step  which EU governments agreed yesterday  is to immobilise €210bn of Russian sovereign assets for as long as needed instead of voting every six months on extending the asset freeze.This removes the risk that Hungary and Slovakia  which have better relations with Moscow than other EU states  could refuse to continue the freeze at some point  forcing the EU to return the money to Russia.The loan would be paid back by Ukraine only when Russia pays Kyiv war damagesThe indefinite asset freeze aims to help convince Belgium to support the EU’s plan to use the frozen Russian cash to extend a loan of up to €165bn to Ukraine  to cover its military and civilian budget needs in 2026 and 2027.Russia's central bank said the EU plans to use its assets were illegal and reserved the right to use all available means to protect its interests. It also said it was suing the Brussels-based central securities depository Euroclear  which holds €185bn of the total assets frozen in Europe  in a Moscow court over what it said were damaging actions  affecting its ability to dispose of its funds and securities.The loan would be paid back by Ukraine only when Russia pays Kyiv war damages  effectively making the loan a grant that advances future Russian reparations payments.The European Council is due to meet on December 18 to finalise details of the reparations loan and resolve remaining problems  which include guarantees from all EU governments that Belgium would not be left alone to foot the bill should the lawsuit prove successful.German chancellor Friedrich Merz will be meeting Volodymyr Zelensky on Monday. Photo: GettyBefore that  Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky will visit Berlin for talks with German chancellor Friedrich Merz on Monday  with further European  EU and Nato leaders joining them later  the German government has said.Germany sees no alternative to the reparations loan and would provide €50bn in guarantees  European diplomatic sources have said.Danish finance minister Stephanie Lose  whose country holds the rotating EU presidency  told reporters that “some worries” were yet to be addressed but “hopefully we’ll be able to pave the way towards a decision at the European Council next week”.Meanwhile  Germany has accused Moscow of sabotage  cyberattacks and election interference and has summoned the Russian ambassador.The German government has also accused Russia of perpetrating disinformation campaigns.German foreign ministry spokesperson Martin Giese said: “The goal of these Russian cyber and disinformation attacks is clear: it is to divide society  stir up mistrust  provoke rejection and weaken confidence in democratic institutions.“This targeted manipulation of information is one of a wide range of activities by Russia aimed at undermining confidence in democratic institutions and processes in Germany.”German officials have previously accused Russia of hybrid warfare attacks to destabilise Europe.Russia will face a series of countermeasures for its hybrid warfare  Mr Giese said.,negative,0.0,0.31,0.68,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Russian assets', '€165bn loan', 'EU', 'step', 'Ukraine', 'Danish finance minister Stephanie Lose', 'German chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'German foreign ministry spokesperson', 'Brussels-based central securities depository', 'future Russian reparations payments', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Kyiv war damages', 'civilian budget needs', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'The European Union', 'European diplomatic sources', 'first big step', 'The European Council', 'other EU states', 'rotating EU presidency', 'hybrid warfare attacks', 'indefinite asset freeze', 'German government', 'Russian ambassador', 'Russian cyber', 'German officials', 'total assets', 'European governments', 'big obstacle', 'Russian cash', 'disinformation attacks', 'six-monthly vote', 'available means', 'damaging actions', 'remaining problems', 'Volodymyr Zelensky', 'Ukrainian president', 'Nato leaders', 'election interference', 'disinformation campaigns', 'Martin Giese', 'democratic institutions', 'targeted manipulation', 'wide range', 'Mr Giese', 'reparations loan', 'EU governments', 'EU plans', 'Moscow court', 'December', 'details', 'Photo', 'Getty', 'Ukraine', 'invasion', 'threat', 'security', 'aim', '€210bn', 'risk', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'relations', 'point', 'money', 'Belgium', 'frozen', 'military', 'right', 'interests', 'Euroclear', 'ability', 'funds', 'grant', 'guarantees', 'bill', 'lawsuit', 'Monday', 'Berlin', 'talks', 'Germany', 'alternative', 'country', 'reporters', 'worries', 'way', 'decision', 'sabotage', 'cyberattacks', 'goal', 'society', 'mistrust', 'rejection', 'confidence', 'activities', 'processes', 'series', 'countermeasures']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,independent.ie
54243,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://mypeoplesreview.com/2025/12/13/eu-freezes-250-billion-russian-assets-to-fund-ukraine-aid/,EU freezes $250 billion Russian assets to fund Ukraine aid,Kathmandu  Dec 13: The European Union (EU) has indefinitely frozen $250 billion worth of Russian assets  setting conditions that the […]The post EU freezes $250 billion Russian assets to fund Ukraine aid appeared first on Peoples' Review.,Spread the loveKathmandu  Dec 13: The European Union (EU) has indefinitely frozen $250 billion worth of Russian assets  setting conditions that the funds may be used to compensate for damages caused by the war in Ukraine. These assets will now remain in their frozen state.Russian assets in Europe can be kept frozen as needed  without requiring a vote every six months  a change announced by Denmark  which currently holds the EU presidency.Hungary and Slovakia  Russia’s allies  opposed the measure but were unable to block it. The resolution was passed by a majority of 25 EU member states.Earlier  the Russian central bank had threatened to file a case in Moscow arbitration courts against the EU’s move. This decision falls under Article 122 of the EU treaty  which allows special measures in emergencies.The European Commission aims to use roughly €200 billion of seized Russian funds since the 2022 invasion of Ukraine to support the country. Under this plan  Euroclear will make the funds available to the EU as a loan  which will then be used to aid Ukraine. The assets will only be returned to Russia once compensation for war damages is paid.Euroclear  based in Belgium  is responsible for protecting  maintaining  and managing the frozen assets. Belgium has expressed concerns over risks that could arise if the assets are seized or sold and has requested security guarantees from major allied nations.Hungary criticized the decision as an “unprecedented move based on an incorrect legal basis ” while Russia has accused the EU of plotting to seize its assets illegally. Moscow has warned that it may take legal action against Belgium if the effort is not stopped.People’s News Monitoring Service,neutral,0.01,0.55,0.45,mixed,0.21,0.36,0.43,True,English,"['$250 billion Russian assets', 'Ukraine aid', 'EU', 'The European Union', 'The European Commission', 'major allied nations', 'News Monitoring Service', 'incorrect legal basis', 'Russian central bank', 'Moscow arbitration courts', '25 EU member states', 'legal action', '$250 billion worth', 'frozen state', 'special measures', 'security guarantees', 'Russian assets', 'Russian funds', 'EU presidency', 'EU treaty', 'unprecedented move', 'frozen assets', 'war damages', 'love', 'Kathmandu', 'conditions', 'Ukraine', 'vote', 'change', 'Denmark', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'allies', 'resolution', 'majority', 'case', 'decision', 'Article', 'emergencies', '2022 invasion', 'country', 'plan', 'Euroclear', 'loan', 'compensation', 'Belgium', 'concerns', 'risks', 'effort', 'People']",2025-12-13,2025-12-14,mypeoplesreview.com
