UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54495,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/26/3210503/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 18 December 2025 to 24 December 2025  Share Buyback ProgramOn 21 November...,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 18 December 2025 to 24 December 2025Share Buyback ProgramOn 21 November 2025   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 18 December 2025 to 24 December 2025  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 49 066 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 18 December 2025 to 24 December 2025:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 18 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 6 536 37.14 37.35 37.05 242 747 MTF CBOE 2 530 37.13 37.20 37.05 93 939 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 19 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 37.03 37.30 36.90 259 210 MTF CBOE 3 000 37.03 37.25 36.90 111 090 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 22 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 505 37.18 37.35 36.95 279 036 MTF CBOE 2 495 37.14 37.25 36.95 92 664 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 23 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 37.42 37.65 37.20 261 940 MTF CBOE 3 000 37.43 37.65 37.20 112 290 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 24 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 38.17 38.30 37.70 267 190 MTF CBOE 3 000 38.17 38.25 37.70 114 510 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 49 066 37.39 38.30 36.90 1 834 616Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 4 000 shares during the period from 18 December 2025 to 24 December 2025 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 6 400 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 18 December 2025 to 24 December 2025:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 18 December 2025 600 37.12 37.15 37.10 22 272 19 December 2025 1 800 37.06 37.30 36.90 66 708 22 December 2025 800 37.03 37.10 37.00 29 624 23 December 2025 800 37.28 37.30 37.20 29 824 24 December 2025 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 4 000 148 428Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 18 December 2025 1 000 37.28 37.40 37.20 37 280 19 December 2025 800 37.14 37.20 37.10 29 712 22 December 2025 1 200 37.23 37.40 37.10 44 676 23 December 2025 1 400 37.44 37.60 37.30 52 416 24 December 2025 2 000 38.00 38.40 37.60 76 000 Total 6 400 240 084The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 24 053 shares.On 24 December 2025 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 1 823 057 own shares  or 3.55% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.14,0.12,0.74,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'MTF CBOE', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Total Amount', 'next tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '49 066 shares', '4 000 shares', '6 400 shares', '24 053 shares', 'Update', '18 December', '24 December', '21 November', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '25 June', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '1 823 057']",2025-12-26,2025-12-27,globenewswire.com
54496,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/26/3210500/0/en/IBA-signs-contract-for-a-three-room-Proteus-PLUS-solution-to-be-installed-at-the-Seoul-St-Mary-s-Hospital.html,IBA signs contract for a three-room Proteus®PLUS solution to be installed at the Seoul St. Mary’s Hospital,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  December 26  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has sig…,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  December 26  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has signed a contract with the Catholic University of Korea  Seoul St. Mary’s Hospital  one of the largest hospital in South Korea  for a Proteus®PLUS1 solution to be installed in Seoul.The contract includes the equipment of a Proteus®PLUS solution with three gantry-room as well as a multi-year service contract. The system will also include DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities  once this feature has received regulatory clearance.The Seoul St. Mary's Hospital plans to begin patient treatments by the end of 2029. Upon full completion  the center will have eight floors  including underground levels  and a total area of 37 851 square meters.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: “We are pleased to partner with Seoul St. Mary’s Hospital to bring the latest proton therapy technology in South Korea  expanding the number of centers in the country that benefit from IBA’s proton therapy solutions. This contract highlights the relevance of our offering in markets where demand for this cutting-edge treatment modality is strongly increasing. We look forward to working with the expert medical team of Seoul St. Mary’s to make this technology more accessible to patients.”LEE Ji Youl  MD  PhD  President of Seoul St. Mary's Hospital  added: “We are pleased to have signed this contract with IBA  the world leader in proton therapy technology  for the introduction of cutting-edge latest-generation equipment. The construction of the center is the final step in completing the Seoul St. Mary's Hospital complex. Our hospital will provide world-best treatment not only in the field of blood cancers  for which it has earned a global reputation  but also in the treatment of solid tumors.”The typical end-user price for a three-room Proteus®PLUS system with a multi-year maintenance contract ranges between € 80 and 100 million.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as one of the most advanced forms of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB). More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout Seoul St Mary’s HospitalSeoul St. Mary’s Hospital is one of Korea’s top academic hospitals and the flagship institution of the Catholic Medical Center. It provides comprehensive care across 45 departments and 27 specialized centers  including the Cardio-Cerebro-Vascular Hospital  Catholic Hematology Hospital  and Comprehensive Cancer Hospital. With pioneering achievements such as Korea’s first kidney and bone marrow transplants and Korea’s first artificial cornea transplant  the hospital provides world-class care. Trusted by both domestic and international patients  Seoul St. Mary’s Hospital has treated over 30 000 international patients from more than 100 countries. The hospital continues to enhance the quality of its services and has trained more than 900 international physicians through its fellowship programs.For further information  please contact:IBA Investor RelationsThomas Pevenage+32 10 475 890investorrelations@iba-group.com IBA Corporate CommunicationOlivier Lechien+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.com1 Proteus®PLUS is a brand name of Proteus®235.2 DynamicARC® is a registered brand of the IBA’s Proton Arc therapy solution currently under development phase.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['three-room Proteus®PLUS solution', 'Seoul St. Mary', 'IBA', 'contract', 'Hospital', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities', 'first artificial cornea transplant', 'Proton Arc therapy solution', 'latest proton therapy technology', 'The Seoul St. Mary', 'three-room Proteus®PLUS system', 'proton therapy solutions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'expert medical team', 'LEE Ji Youl', 'typical end-user price', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'top academic hospitals', 'bone marrow transplants', 'Seoul St Mary', 'Proteus®PLUS1 solution', 'Proteus®PLUS solution', 'particle accelerator technology', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'cutting-edge treatment modality', 'multi-year service contract', 'cutting-edge latest-generation equipment', 'multi-year maintenance contract', 'Catholic Medical Center', 'IBA Investor Relations', 'Catholic Hematology Hospital', 'IBA Corporate Communication', 'Comprehensive Cancer Hospital', '1 Proteus®PLUS', 'radiation therapy', 'first kidney', 'Catholic University', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'comprehensive care', 'leading provider', 'three gantry-room', 'regulatory clearance', 'patient treatments', 'full completion', 'eight floors', 'underground levels', 'total area', '37,851 square meters', 'Olivier Legrain', 'final step', 'blood cancers', 'global reputation', 'solid tumors', 'leading supplier', 'advanced forms', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'flagship institution', 'pioneering achievements', 'world-class care', '900 international physicians', 'fellowship programs', 'Thomas Pevenage', 'Olivier Lechien', 'brand name', 'registered brand', 'development phase', 'world leader', 'world-best treatment', 'international patients', 'More information', '27 specialized centers', 'largest hospital', 'Hospital complex', 'Cardio-Cerebro-Vascular Hospital', 'South Korea', '2 DynamicARC®', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'EURONEXT', 'feature', 'number', 'country', 'relevance', 'offering', 'markets', 'demand', 'MD', 'PhD', 'President', 'introduction', 'construction', 'field', 'ENDS', 'company', 'services', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB', '45 departments', 'domestic', '100 countries', 'quality', 'investorrelations', 'group', 'Attachment']",2025-12-26,2025-12-27,globenewswire.com
54497,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/26/3210578/0/en/Atos-Group-has-signed-a-binding-agreement-to-sell-its-Atos-operations-in-South-America-to-the-Brazilian-company-Semantix.html,Atos Group has signed a binding agreement to sell its Atos operations in South America to the Brazilian company Semantix,Atos Group announces that it has signed a binding agreement for the sale of its South American operations to the Brazilian company Semantix....,"Press ReleaseAtos Group has signed a binding agreement to sell its Atos operations in South America to the Brazilian company SemantixWith this transaction the Atos Group accelerates the delivery of its Genesis Transformation plan.Paris  France – December 26  2025 – Atos Group  a global leader of AI-powered digital transformation  today announces that it has signed a binding agreement for the sale of its South American operations to the Brazilian company Semantix. The perimeter sold currently employs circa 2 800 professionals across Brazil  Argentina  Chile  Colombia  Uruguay and Peru. This divestment is part of the ‘Genesis’ transformation plan  aimed at returning Atos Group to sustainable growth and improved profitability by re-focusing on core geographies and assets such as AI  cloud-enabled  secure solutions and services. The acquisition  once completed  would expand Semantix’s portfolio and create one of South America’s largest AI & Data Enterprise services and technology provider.Founded in Brazil in 2010  Semantix began its journey with a lean team and a clear belief in the transformative power of data. The transaction would add scale  broaden Semantix’s geographic coverage and technology ecosystem by expanding its services portfolio  alongside the integration of Atos recognized operational excellence and organizational culture in South America — characterized by diversity  inclusion  participatory leadership and continuous training and talent development. Following the consolidation of the two operations  Semantix would benefit from an expanded client base in the region and a strengthened operational footprint.The transaction is expected to close in the coming months  once all closing conditions are fulfilled. Nelson Campelo currently Head of Atos South America would assume the role of CEO of Semantix while Leonardo Santos Poça D’água  Semantix’s founder and current CEO would become the Executive Chairman of the Group  focusing on the company's long-term strategy and innovation.For Nelson Campelo the operation marks the beginning of a new growth cycle: ""Atos has over the past few years built a solid and highly regarded operation in the region  delivering complex and innovative projects. By joining forces with Semantix  a leader in data and artificial intelligence  we are entering in a new phase of expansion with enhanced capabilities to create even more value for clients  partners  employees and society.""""This agreement represents a historic milestone for the technology market"" says Leonardo Santos Poça D’água. ""We are a 100% Brazilian company taking on a leading regional role. With Atos's broader geographical presence and strong operational backbone  we accelerate our ability to deliver artificial intelligence with full governance to regulated sectors such as financial services  healthcare  utilities and telecommunications. Additionally  we will immediately strengthen our presence in strategic areas such as agribusiness  industry  government and automotive. Our commitment and purpose are to use technology to generate a real positive impact in millions of lives.""***About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 67 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €10 billion  operating in 61 countries under two brands — Atos for services and Eviden for products. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE is listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos Group is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor Relations: investors@atos.netIndividual shareholders: +33 8 05 65 00 75Media Relations: globalprteam@atos.netAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Atos Group', 'binding agreement', 'Atos operations', 'South America', 'Brazilian company', 'Semantix', 'Leonardo Santos Poça D’água', 'expanded client base', 'real positive impact', 'high performance computing', 'Genesis Transformation plan', 'Genesis’ transformation plan', 'strong operational backbone', 'AI-powered digital transformation', 'new growth cycle', 'leading regional role', 'broader geographical presence', 'cloud-enabled, secure solutions', 'South American operations', 'secure information space', 'Atos South America', 'Data Enterprise services', 'sustainable growth', 'new phase', 'end solutions', 'operational excellence', 'two operations', 'operational footprint', 'Atos operations', 'Press Release', 'core geographies', 'lean team', 'clear belief', 'transformative power', 'geographic coverage', 'organizational culture', 'participatory leadership', 'continuous training', 'coming months', 'closing conditions', 'Nelson Campelo', 'Executive Chairman', 'long-term strategy', 'innovative projects', 'artificial intelligence', 'historic milestone', 'full governance', 'regulated sectors', 'strategic areas', 'annual revenue', 'two brands', 'European number', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'Individual shareholders', 'Media Relations', 'Atos SE', 'Brazilian company', 'technology provider', 'technology ecosystem', 'technology market', 'binding agreement', 'global leader', 'financial services', 'Atos Group', 'largest AI', 'current CEO', 'decarbonized future', 'Euronext Paris', 'talent development', 'services portfolio', 'Semantix', 'transaction', 'delivery', 'France', 'December', 'sale', 'perimeter', '2,800 professionals', 'Argentina', 'Chile', 'Colombia', 'Uruguay', 'Peru', 'divestment', 'profitability', 'assets', 'acquisition', 'journey', 'scale', 'integration', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'consolidation', 'Head', 'founder', 'innovation', 'beginning', 'past', 'years', 'complex', 'forces', 'expansion', 'capabilities', 'value', 'clients', 'partners', 'employees', 'society', 'healthcare', 'utilities', 'telecommunications', 'agribusiness', 'industry', 'government', 'automotive', 'commitment', 'purpose', 'millions', 'lives', 'c.', '61 countries', 'Eviden', 'products', 'cybersecurity', 'industries', 'expertise', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'globalprteam', 'Attachment', '05']",2025-12-26,2025-12-27,globenewswire.com
54498,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/us/is-the-stock-market-open-today-friday-dec-26-new-york-stock-exchange-and-nasdaq-trading-hours-following-christmas-day-2025-dow-sp-500-and-nasdaq-resume-trading-at-the-usual-930-a-m-et-after-christmas-day/articleshow/126190775.cms,Is stock market open today  Friday  Dec. 26? NYSE and Nasdaq trading hours following Christmas Day 2025,Is the Stock Market Open Today? The primary US stock exchanges  including the NYSE and Nasdaq  are operating under a standard schedule today  Friday  December 26. Investors can expect the opening bell to ring at 9:30 a.m. ET  with the core session concluding …,"Is the U.S. stock market open today? NYSE and Nasdaq Operational Hours for FridayLive EventsUS Bond Market and OTC TradingGlobal market: Boxing Day Closuresas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Addas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Add Now!(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our Economic Times WhatsApp channelThe US stock market is officially open for business today  Friday  December 26  2025. Following the mandatory closure for Christmas Day  major exchanges like the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Nasdaq have resumed their standard operations. Investors are returning to their terminals to navigate the final trading days of the year. This particular Friday serves as a critical bridge between the Christmas holiday and the upcoming New Year’s festivities.While the markets are open today  the atmosphere on Wall Street remains unique. Many institutional traders remain away for the holiday week  which can lead to thinner liquidity and sharper price swings. Unlike the Thanksgiving Friday session  which historically features an early 1 p.m. ET close  today is a full-day session for equities. Traders will be watching to see if the momentum from earlier in December carries through the weekend.Today officially marks the second day of the "" Santa Claus Rally "" period (the last five trading days of December and first two of January)  which historically tends to see positive market movement.Both the NYSE and Nasdaq are following their normal schedule today. The opening bell rang at 9:30 a.m. ET  and the closing bell will sound at 4:00 p.m. ET. For those involved in extended sessions  pre-market trading began at 4:00 a.m. ET  and after-hours trading will continue until 8:00 p.m. ET. This full schedule is a relief for investors looking to balance their books before the 2025 fiscal year ends.4:00 AM – 9:30 AM ET9:30 AM – 4:00 PM ET4:00 PM – 8:00 PM ETMarket participants should note that while today is a standard session  the countdown to the New Year involves one more schedule change. On Wednesday  December 31  the markets will undergo an early close at 1:00 p.m. ET. Today represents one of the final full-length opportunities for tax-loss harvesting or final portfolio adjustments before the 2026 calendar begins.The fixed-income sector operates under different guidelines than the equity markets. The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) manages the US bond market schedule. While stocks are trading for a full day  the bond market often sees reduced activity or recommended early closures following a major federal holiday. Investors in government Treasuries and corporate bonds should check with their specific desks  as liquidity typically dries up much earlier in the afternoon on a post-holiday Friday.Over-the-counter (OTC) trading—which involves stocks not listed on major exchanges—also follows a more conservative path today. Most OTC desks will see a significant drop in volume by mid-afternoon.According to the  U.S. bond trading closes aton Friday.Over-the-counter markets  where securities trade without a centralized exchange  also shut down atIf you are trading penny stocks or delisted securities  expect wider spreads. It is standard for these decentralized markets to mirror the bond market’s ""early out"" philosophy  even if the NYSE remains fully active until 4 p.m. ET.Global market integration means that what happens in London or Hong Kong affects New York. Today  the US market is operating somewhat in a vacuum. Major international hubs  including the London Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange  are closed today in observance of Boxing Day. European markets  such as the Euronext Paris and Frankfurt’s DAX  are also shuttered for the St. Stephen’s Day holiday.This lack of international participation usually results in a quiet morning session for US stocks. Without the usual flow of capital from Europe  the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average may experience ""choppy"" price action. While the Tokyo and Shanghai exchanges remained open earlier today  the absence of London and Hong Kong means that nearly half of the world's major financial centers are offline. US investors should remain cautious  as low-volume environments can sometimes lead to unexpected price spikes.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.34,0.66,True,English,"['Nasdaq trading hours', 'stock market', 'Christmas Day', 'Friday', 'Dec.', 'NYSE', 'Economic Times WhatsApp channel', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'last five trading days', 'U.S. stock market', 'U.S. bond trading', 'OTC Trading Global market', 'The US stock market', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'US bond market schedule', 'final trading days', 'Global market integration', 'positive market movement', 'Trusted News Source', 'sharper price swings', 'Santa Claus Rally', 'final full-length opportunities', 'final portfolio adjustments', 'Most OTC desks', 'choppy"" price action', 'unexpected price spikes', 'London Stock Exchange', 'major financial centers', 'The Securities Industry', 'quiet morning session', 'Major international hubs', 'Many institutional traders', 'Financial Markets Association', 'major federal holiday', 'upcoming New Year', 'Nasdaq Operational Hours', 'Boxing Day Closures', 'Thanksgiving Friday session', 'US market', 'hours trading', 'S&P 500', 'centralized exchange', 'pre-market trading', 'major exchanges', 'full-day session', 'normal schedule', 'full schedule', 'standard session', 'schedule change', 'specific desks', 'international participation', 'Day holiday', 'US stocks', 'Christmas holiday', 'holiday week', 'early closures', 'Christmas Day', 'second day', 'full day', 'US investors', 'Live Events', 'mandatory closure', 'standard operations', 'critical bridge', 'Wall Street', 'opening bell', 'closing bell', 'extended sessions', '2025 fiscal year', 'ETMarket participants', 'tax-loss harvesting', 'fixed-income sector', 'different guidelines', 'government Treasuries', 'corporate bonds', 'conservative path', 'significant drop', 'delisted securities', 'wider spreads', 'Euronext Paris', 'St. Stephen', 'usual flow', 'Shanghai exchanges', 'low-volume environments', 'equity markets', 'decentralized markets', 'European markets', 'early close', 'thinner liquidity', 'penny stocks', 'counter markets', 'early 1', 'NYSE', 'Reliable', 'Addas', 'business', 'December', 'terminals', 'festivities', 'atmosphere', 'equities', 'momentum', 'weekend', 'period', 'January', '9:30 a', '4:00 a', 'relief', 'books', 'AM', '4:00 PM', 'countdown', 'Wednesday', '2026 calendar', 'SIFMA', 'activity', 'afternoon', 'post-holiday', 'philosophy', 'vacuum', 'observance', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'lack', 'capital', 'Tokyo', 'absence', 'half', 'world', '8:00', '1:00']",2025-12-26,2025-12-27,economictimes.indiatimes.com
54499,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/12/26/from-bust-distillers-to-the-barchester-billionaires-the-irish-business-winners-and-losers-this-year/,The biggest Irish business winners and losers of 2025: Tariffs  turbulence and turmoil,Some figures in Irish business rode the waves of tariffs  but some crashed beneath the tide,This was the year of tariffs. You couldn’t go more than 15 minutes without hearing the dictionary.com Word of the Year  nor the themes of “global economic uncertainty”  “trade barriers” or “volatility”.Things settled down  notably when the European Union agreed a trade deal with the White House. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief while continuing to be wary of further U-turns by Trump  who is likely to keep the heat on the multinational sector to invest more in the US  while also threatening to make moves against big pharma and tech companies if they don’t play ball with his agenda.So the threat hasn’t gone away and the influence of AI is likely to accelerate in the year ahead.It was another busy year for Irish businesses and entrepreneurs and their global counterparts. In this list we highlight some of the big winners and losers in 2025. There is no middle ground or nuance in this list.Losers:If you took a shot every time you heard tell of US import tariffs you might have single-handedly saved the Irish whiskey industry. Stretched by rising input costs and interest rates  tariffs were the final straw for a sector in which many businesses were reaching a crucial stage in their life cycle.Some big names entered examinership  receivership or liquidation.Among them was Killarney Brewing and Distilling (KBD). The drinks business  founded by Paul Sheehan  Tim O’Donoghue  and Liam Healy with a focus on the US market  slipped into liquidation in July.It was a big blow to the whiskey and brewing sectors in Ireland as more than 50 jobs were lost at the company and it took some of the sheen off a sector that had been growing at a rate of knots for years. KBD was struck by the impact of US import tariffs  but the firm’s financial difficulties stretched back way before Liberation Day  having accumulated losses of €3.5 million between 2020 and 2024.[ EU needs fresh thinking as Trump calls time on US ‘propping up entire world order’Opens in new window ]New investors could not be found in time to bail it out.Powerscourt Distillery was another big name courting a buyer. The receiver appointed to the distillery  Mark Degnan of Interpath Advisory  is currently seeking the full asset sale of the business and €35 million of whiskey it held.The sales process began at the end of July  but the big losers are the Slazenger family – more than just a big shareholder with the estate holding nearly 38.5 per cent of the business – the family are owed significant rent arrears.It was a similar story in Waterford. Founded in 2015 with the goal of breathing a new soul into the old spirit  Waterford Distillery began to develop a cult following. The wave of shock when it shut its doors  reverberated around the southeast and the whiskey industry as the business  with 20 employees  entered receivership.Mark Reynier  the founder of Waterford Distillery  is a wine industry veteran who turned around the Scotch whiskey brand Bruichladdich before its sale to Remy Cointreau at a significant profit. His hopes of a buyback of the brand that became his baby-turned problem child dimmed as the year went on.Some hope has emerged for the brand. It was reported that Tennessee Distilling is in exclusive talks to buy the distillery for a figure around €6 million. For a keystone business in the Déise that may be good news  but Reynier will rue missing the chance to be a part of its continuing story.Celebrity chef Dylan McGrath. Photograph: Matt KavanaghIn the restaurant sector  celebrity chef Dylan McGrath had a rotten year. His name never seemed long out of the news lines before a further sad story would emerge about the Michelin star chef.McGrath had announced the closure of Dublin-based restaurants Rustic Stone and Brasserie Sixty6 in late 2024 with the Wright Group this year turning the former into a gastropub named after its owner.“Hospitality is changing ” McGrath said at the time as the 15 and 25 year old restaurants closed down. But that wasn’t the only change coming. The jewel on Fade Street’s crown cracked abruptly. A €1.74 million tax bill from Revenue over warehoused debt left the business on the verge of liquidation before an examiner was appointed.Ultimately  the beneficiaries of his challenging year would be Eclective Hospitality  the entertainment group owned by the UK’s Cheyne Capital  which took over the location in October. McGrath remains involved but not as an owner.Paddy McKillen Jnr had another bad year. After his The Press Up Group he cofounded with Matt Ryan was taken over by London-based lender Cheyne Capital last year  he saw his corporate child renamed to Eclective.That news was quickly followed by An Coimisiún Pleanála rejecting an appeal against the council decision to block his plans to build a €40 million resort on the Co Wicklow coast. McKillen Jnr subsequently sold the land at a discount to its original purchase price. Having purchased the land in 2011 for €700 000  a return of - €87 000 isn’t among his greatest investments.Elsewhere  the fallout between Kenny Jacobs and the DAA grabbed the headlines for months. It emerged that there was a serious rift between Jacobs and the board of DAA. This related to his “elbows out” management style and strained relations with Fingal County Council  which regulates certain activities at Dublin Airport.A mediation deal was agreed between the two sides  which would have involved Jacobs exiting the business with a settlement of just shy of €1 million  plus his legal costs.However  Minister for Transport Darragh O’Brien demurred on signing off on the deal  suggesting that the two sides attempt a reconciliation. No reconciliation could be agreed and the impasse persists.At least meme status has thus far evaded Jacobs. Not so fortunate for one notable chief executive[ The Coldplay couple sit in the virtual dock  victims of online mob justiceOpens in new window ]US tech company Astronomer saw its chief executive  Andy Byron  resign after he was shown on the big screen with his company’s chief people officer at a Coldplay concert in July in a clip that went viral.Social media ran away with the story after the duo at the Massachusetts concert  ducked and hid from the camera prompting Coldplay lead singer Chris Martin to say they were either “very shy” or “having an affair”. No matter how bad your year was  at least you didn’t become a meme.In the resource sector  the death knell sounded for PetroNeft in August.More than two years after PetroNeft shares were suspended from trading on the junior stock markets in Dublin and London  the well ran dry via a members voluntary liquidation.The crown slipped for pride of the Kingdom with Kerry Group’s shares down nearly 20 per cent this year. Having bet big on the alt-meat revolution  the maker of flavouring ingredients for many of the world’s largest consumer food companies  has shifted the focus to the growing protein craze when the anticipated growth did not show.Guinness owner Diageo saw its embattled chief executive Debra Crew step down “by mutual agreement”. Taking over from Ivan Menezes – who had steered Diageo successfully for 10 years – was never going to be easy  but the company’s shares lost about 44 per cent under her tenure. As pressure mounted  at one point fevered speculation began over whether Diageo could try to sell Guinness for £8 billion (€9.14 million).Former Tesco and Haleon man Sir Dave Lewis will take over as chief executive in January 2026  leaving Irish minds wondering what direction the alcohol giant and its family of brands will go in next year.Paul Coulson. Photograph: Frank MillerIt might seem strange to describe Paul Coulson as a loser this year  after he bowed out as a director and big shareholder of packaging giant  Ardagh Group with a $108 million (€93 million) pay-off.Legacy equity holders are receiving $300 million in total to go away.[ Ardagh creditors-turned-owners tap turnaround veteran for chairman as Coulson exitsOpens in new window ]Ardagh was Coulson’s creation  put together over many decades and a major success story at one time. The value of the Irishman’s interest in the wider Ardagh Group peaked at €2.4 billion in April 2021 – before the group delisted and floated its beverage cans unit. It will now be left to others to revive its fortunes.Meanwhile  former politician  businessman and media pundit Ivan Yates was on the Path to Power until it emerged that he had been involved in coaching Fianna Fáil presidential hopeful Jim Gavin  without making any disclosures of this arrangement when discussing the election on the podcast he co-hosted with Matt Cooper.The micro-controversy saw him axed from the popular podcast  but his resolute defence of his actions both in media interviews and in front of an Oireachtas committee would nearly qualify him as a winner.Tullow Oil and its legion of legacy Irish investors have had a tough run. Tullow shut down its Dublin office in 2020 and exited the Irish stock market in 2022. Still  the group continues to have a number of Irish shareholders. Late this year  ratings agency Moody’s began saying a default – possibly through a deal to get bondholders to extend the maturity date of the bonds – “is now very likely”. The company’s bonds have seen a sharp slump as the company’s financial position has worsened  and its shares have plunged to boot.A perennial name on this list is the Irish Stock Exchange. You’d nearly be forgiven if you have forgotten it existed. Trading as Euronext Dublin since 2018  the exchange has seen another one bite the dust.The main shareholders of airline software provider Datalex drove through a shareholder resolution in early September in favour of the company delisting from the Dublin stock market. It wasn’t even close: 99.1 per cent of shareholders that voted  did so in favour of the resolution. With few  if any IPOs on the horizon for the Dublin-based exchange  it seems more a question of who will be the next to leave.It is hard to tell who the loser is in our final entry.The withdrawal of Corio Generation from Ireland’s first tranche of offshore wind farms is a blow to the Government’s renewable energy plans but the London-based renewable energy developer has lost big due to a financial penalty clause.The entity  owned by Australian investment giant Macquarie said it had identified “significant structural and technical challenges” in the project and  just like a punter betting on the wrong horse  had developed buyer’s remorse.By pulling out of the Sceirde Rocks offshore wind farm project  Corio had to pay a €35.4 million penalty under a performance security clause.Winners:[ Inside the €6bn Barchester deal that netted three Irish billionaires a major windfallOpens in new window ]JP McManus  Dermot Desmond and John Magnier: trio were major shareholders in Barchester Healthcare  which was sold to US group Welltower. Photograph: Eric LukeThe billionaire Irish owners behind Barchester Healthcare were the big winners of 2025.In October  US-listed healthcare property group Welltower announced the £5.2 billion (€6 billion) acquisition of the UK-based nursing home group Barchester Healthcare. Irish billionaires JP McManus  Dermot Desmond and John Magnier will walk away with the lion’s share of the proceeds.The trio had agreed to sell the nursing home group for just £2.5 billion to Macquarie in 2019  before the Australian financial giant pulled out  blaming uncertainty caused by Brexit. A 60 per cent hike in just six years? Not bad for the billionaire trio.Not all is rosy for Desmond  however. He removed Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers from the club where he is a 34.4 per cent shareholder  claiming the former Liverpool coach had “contributed to a toxic atmosphere around the club and fuelled hostility towards members of the executive team and the board”.Another big winner was low-key Niall Browne  the chief executive of Dawn Meats. He saw the Waterford-based meat processor get the green light to acquire a majority stake in New Zealand’s biggest meat processor  Alliance Group.The Irish company has paid $270 million NZD (€132 million) to acquire a 65 per cent shareholding in Alliance.It is too early to tell if this deal will ultimately work out but given the limited opportunities to secure supplies to satisfy rising demand for red meat  and their considerable share in the Irish and UK markets  this deal offers growth potential.It has also been a good year for Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary.The airline boss moved closer to qualifying for a cool €100 million share option bonus when its stock closed at more than €21 for a 28th consecutive day in May  meeting one of two conditions attached to the bumper pay deal.Ryanair’s share price has since been flying high above €28. In early November  it reported a 42 per cent surge in profits to €2.54 billion for the six months to the end of September  after a record performance in the second quarter of its financial year.The advent of AI has also forced a longtime foe  online travel agents  to the table. Having once described them as “bloodsuckers” and “unauthorised  illegal ticket-tout scams”  the airline signed deals with some of the biggest names in the market.On Ryanair’s future  O’Leary said: “We are now confidently embarking on a 10-year growth period where we will grow from 200 million to 300 million passengers.”Electricity and gas supplier Yuno Ltd  the owner of PrePay Power and Yuno Energy  saw its profits grow along with its market share. Chief executive Cathal Fay has presided over a remarkable expansion for the business.In a hot and cold year  the firm froze its prices over the winter months  enough to make warming your home more affordable  too.Fay believes the company is poised to power into the position of third biggest in the Republic’s energy market by the end of this year  behind ESB-owned Electric Ireland and Bord Gáis Energy. Not bad from a standing start in 2011.Meanwhile  WaterWipes looks ideally placed for international domination  at least if you believe Edward McCloskey  the founder of Louth-based WaterWipes.He says the brand is “on track” to become a billion-dollar brand at retail sales level in the next five years. The ambition no doubt helped him to win the prestigious EY Entrepreneur of the Year award. Coming off selling a decent stake in the business for €145 million to UK-listed 3i Group Plc retaining a significant minority share  it’s no surprise he cleaned up at the awards this year.Áine Kennedy’s makeup brand The Smooth Company has had a remarkable 12 months  having impressed every year since it was founded in 2022. The company may have started in her parents attic but it is rapidly scaling the heights of the global makeup market.For the business’ growth  she was chosen as emerging entrepreneur at the annual EY Entrepreneur of the Year (EOY) awards as the company moved into its first proper headquarters in Rathcoole  Co Dublin  dubbed the “Smooth Dream House”.The Smooth Company became the first Irish cosmetics line to be stocked in the Netherlands at De Bijenkorf  the high-end department store chain that is a sister company of Brown Thomas and Arnotts. A good year.About to turn 10  Sculpted by Aimee has gone from strength to strength. The company founded by Aimee Connolly in 2016 when she was just 23 is now a €32.6 million-per year business  with a growing reputation and store presence. Its founders’ ambition to become a top 10 global beauty brand is fuelled by plans to launch in the US market.To top off the year in which it broke into Top 1 000 companies in Ireland  Ms Connolly won the IMAGE PwC Overall Businesswoman of the Year 2025 award and even fielded offers for the company.Adding to the list of Irish winners  Hanley Energy’s Dennis Nordon and Clive Gilmore stand to profit from the sale of their Meath-headquartered power company Hanley Energy. A player in the growing data centre space  the company was sold to American multinational group Jabil for an initial $725 million (€631 million). Not a bad return.Former CRH boss Albert Manifold had the “privilege” in July to be appointed the chairman of BP. He took charge of the board in October  after a tumultuous few years for the multinational oil and gas company and is expected to push for a fresh review of the group’s asset base. It’s a big opportunity for the Wicklow man atop the British giant.The year had another big break for another Wicklow native Dalton Philips  the chief executive of Dublin-based food group Greencore.In April  the group secured backing from Bakkavor’s board for a £1.2 billion purchase of its London-based peer and is set to create a convenience food business in the UK with combined revenue of £4 billion and about 30 500 employees.Concerns over lack of competition in the supply of chilled sauces market looked set to cause an issue for Philips but offering to sell a Bristol manufacturing plant secured the former DAA chief clearance from the UK competition watchdog.AIB chief executive Colin Hunt was also a winner this year  finally throwing off the shackles of State ownership  more than a decade and a half after its bailout post the 2008 crash.This returns the bank to private ownership and clears the way for Hunt and other executives at the bank to receive a substantial increase in their remuneration over time.Paschal Donohoe. Photograph: Enda O'DowdHunt’s former political master  Paschal Donohoe  has already secured a substantial pay rise after swapping his position as Minister for Finance for a senior role with the World Bank in Washington DC.Donohoe is now the managing director and chief knowledge officer at the largest development bank in the world  that’s a serious step up from having to be the face of fiscal caution and restraint for 10 domestic budgets.[ Paschal Donohoe is going to the World Bank. Why?Opens in new window ],negative,0.01,0.04,0.95,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['biggest Irish business winners', 'losers', 'Tariffs', 'turbulence', 'turmoil', 'An Coimisiún Pleanála', 'The Press Up Group', 'Celebrity chef Dylan McGrath', 'Scotch whiskey brand Bruichladdich', 'Michelin star chef', 'rising input costs', 'Tim O’Donoghue', 'entire world order', 'Co Wicklow coast', 'original purchase price', 'wine industry veteran', 'global economic uncertainty', 'significant rent arrears', 'baby-turned problem child', '€1.74 million tax bill', 'full asset sale', 'Paddy McKillen Jnr', 'Irish whiskey industry', 'US import tariffs', '25 year old restaurants', 'Wright Group', 'entertainment group', 'Irish businesses', 'global counterparts', 'old spirit', 'significant profit', 'Dublin-based restaurants', 'corporate child', '€40 million resort', 'trade barriers', 'European Union', 'trade deal', 'White House', 'big pharma', 'tech companies', 'big winners', 'middle ground', 'interest rates', 'final straw', 'many businesses', 'crucial stage', 'life cycle', 'big names', 'Killarney Brewing', 'Paul Sheehan', 'Liam Healy', 'US market', 'big blow', 'brewing sectors', 'financial difficulties', 'Liberation Day', 'fresh thinking', 'new window', 'New investors', 'Mark Degnan', 'Interpath Advisory', 'sales process', 'big shareholder', '38.5 per cent', 'similar story', 'new soul', 'Remy Cointreau', 'exclusive talks', 'Déise', 'continuing story', 'Matt Kavanagh', 'sad story', 'Rustic Stone', 'Brasserie Sixty6', 'Fade Street', 'Cheyne Capital', 'Matt Ryan', 'London-based lender', 'council decision', 'greatest investments', 'Kenny Jacobs', 'busy year', 'good news', 'rotten year', 'news lines', 'challenging year', 'bad year', 'Powerscourt Distillery', 'multinational sector', 'Slazenger family', 'Mark Reynier', 'Tennessee Distilling', 'restaurant sector', 'Eclective Hospitality', 'drinks business', 'big losers', 'keystone business', 'Waterford Distillery', '15 minutes', 'dictionary', 'Word', 'themes', 'volatility', 'Things', 'Everyone', 'sigh', 'relief', 'U-turns', 'Trump', 'heat', 'moves', 'ball', 'agenda', 'threat', 'influence', 'entrepreneurs', 'list', 'nuance', 'shot', 'examinership', 'receivership', 'liquidation', 'KBD', 'focus', 'July', 'Ireland', '50 jobs', 'company', 'sheen', 'knots', 'years', 'impact', 'firm', 'losses', 'time', 'buyer', 'estate', 'goal', 'wave', 'shock', 'doors', 'southeast', '20 employees', 'founder', 'hopes', 'buyback', 'figure', 'chance', 'Photograph', 'closure', 'former', 'gastropub', 'owner', 'change', 'jewel', 'Revenue', 'debt', 'verge', 'beneficiaries', 'UK', 'location', 'October', 'appeal', 'plans', 'discount', 'return', 'fallout', 'DAA', 'headline']",2025-12-26,2025-12-27,irishtimes.com
