UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
18762,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Asian American caucus defends East West CEO against espionage claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/twItRWFsyE #regtech,nan,Asian American caucus defends East West CEO against espionage claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/twItRWFsyE #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.14,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.14,True,English,"['Asian American caucus', 'East West CEO', 'espionage claims', 'regtech', 'Asian American caucus', 'East West CEO', 'espionage claims', 'regtech']",2023-02-18,2023-02-22,Unknown
18763,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A credit union teams with HGTV house flippers to revitalize Detroit #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/wqFXfcUp3R #regtech,nan,A credit union teams with HGTV house flippers to revitalize Detroit #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/wqFXfcUp3R #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['credit union teams', 'HGTV house flippers', 'Detroit', 'credit union teams', 'HGTV house flippers', 'Detroit']",2023-02-18,2023-02-22,Unknown
18768,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/2IOAOyWz0b,nan,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/2IOAOyWz0b,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-18,2023-02-22,Unknown
18769,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that Commerzbank AG will rejoin the DAX index. The lender will replace Linde pl… https://t.co/EgGyWpkjCk,nan,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that Commerzbank AG will rejoin the DAX index. The lender will replace Linde pl… https://t.co/EgGyWpkjCk,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank AG', 'DAX index', 'Linde pl', 'Friday', 'lender', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank AG', 'DAX index', 'Linde pl', 'Friday', 'lender']",2023-02-18,2023-02-22,Unknown
18817,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Facing the FCA armed with data #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BLgUGxg6qW #regtech,nan,Facing the FCA armed with data #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BLgUGxg6qW #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FCA', 'data', 'Fintech', 'co', 'BLgUGxg6qW', 'FCA', 'data', 'Fintech', 'co', 'BLgUGxg6qW']",2023-02-20,2023-02-22,Unknown
18818,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,This move significantly improved Euroclear's financial position and resulted in a record profit of €1.2 billion in… https://t.co/gHPL7excmA,nan,This move significantly improved Euroclear's financial position and resulted in a record profit of €1.2 billion in… https://t.co/gHPL7excmA,neutral,0.34,0.64,0.02,neutral,0.34,0.64,0.02,True,English,"['financial position', 'record profit', 'move', 'Euroclear', 'financial position', 'record profit', 'move', 'Euroclear']",2023-02-19,2023-02-22,Unknown
18819,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Example: Euroclear  a major European securities clearing company  stopped operations with Russia's National Settlem… https://t.co/Gaqwpe9eY1,nan,Example: Euroclear  a major European securities clearing company  stopped operations with Russia's National Settlem… https://t.co/Gaqwpe9eY1,neutral,0.11,0.85,0.04,neutral,0.11,0.85,0.04,True,English,"['major European securities clearing company', 'National Settlem', 'Example', 'Euroclear', 'operations', 'Russia', 'Gaqwpe9eY1', 'major European securities clearing company', 'National Settlem', 'Example', 'Euroclear', 'operations', 'Russia', 'Gaqwpe9eY1']",2023-02-19,2023-02-22,Unknown
18826,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/HzsN8zH61r,nan,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/HzsN8zH61r,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'HzsN8zH61r', 'digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'HzsN8zH61r']",2023-02-20,2023-02-22,Unknown
18827,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/cb7rTguWgi,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/cb7rTguWgi,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-20,2023-02-22,Unknown
18828,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that #Commerzbank AG will rejoin the #DAX index.The lender will replace Linde… https://t.co/eliKa4OCcQ,nan,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that #Commerzbank AG will rejoin the #DAX index.The lender will replace Linde… https://t.co/eliKa4OCcQ,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Friday', 'lender', 'Linde', 'eliKa4OCcQ', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Friday', 'lender', 'Linde', 'eliKa4OCcQ']",2023-02-19,2023-02-22,Unknown
18829,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed | @ReutersEuronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other… https://t.co/Gy5gw1it7u,nan,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed | @ReutersEuronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other… https://t.co/Gy5gw1it7u,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,True,English,"['stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'forces', 'bid', 'Euronext', 'stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'forces', 'bid', 'Euronext']",2023-02-19,2023-02-22,Unknown
18830,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/GlEk6GZUjv,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/GlEk6GZUjv,positive,0.73,0.26,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'GlEk6GZUjv', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'GlEk6GZUjv']",2023-02-19,2023-02-22,Unknown
18885,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-citycon-101100748.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Citycon Oyj,"The Annual General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj (the ""Company"") will be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). The General...","Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release 21 February 2023 at 12:00 hrsHELSINKI  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj (the ""Company"") will be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). The General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue using remote connection in real time  in accordance with Section 11 of the Articles of Association of the Company and Chapter 5  Section 16 Subsection 3 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Instructions for participation are provided in section C of this notice.The Company's shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to Order3. Election of Persons to Scrutinize the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes4. Recording the Legality of the Meeting5. Recording the Attendance and Adopting the List of Votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the Year 2022Review by the CEO and CFO.The Company's Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the Company's website citycon.com/agm2023.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the Use of the Profit Shown on the Balance Sheet as well as Authorization of the Board of Directors to Decide on the Distribution of Assets from the Invested Unrestricted Equity FundThe Board of Directors proposes that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period ended on 31 December 2022  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the General Meeting.Nonetheless  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide  in its discretion  on the distribution of assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the manner set forth below.Based on this authorization  the maximum total amount of equity repayment distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund shall not exceed EUR 0.50 per share. Based on the current total number of issued shares in the Company  the authorization would equal to a maximum of EUR 84 004 470 in equity repayment.The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting.Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason  the authorization will be used to distribute equity repayment four times during the period of validity of the authorization. The Board of Directors will make separate resolutions on each distribution of equity repayment so that the preliminary record and payment dates for the equity repayment will be as set out below. The Company shall make separate announcements of each such Board resolution.Story continuesPreliminary payment date Preliminary record date 31 March 2023 24 March 2023 30 June 2023 23 June 2023 29 September 2023 22 September 2023 29 December 2023 20 December 2023The equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the equity repayment.9. Resolution on the Discharge of the Members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from Liability10. Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report of the Company's governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company's website citycon.com/agm2023.11. Resolution on the Remuneration of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the remuneration of members of the Board of Directors would remain the same and the Chairman of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 160 000  the Deputy Chairmen EUR 70 000 and the ordinary members of the Board EUR 50 000. The Chairmen of the Board of Directors' Committees would be paid an additional annual fee of EUR 5 000.It is proposed that the Chairmen of the meetings of the Board's Committees shall be paid a meeting fee of EUR 800 and other Board and Committee members EUR 600 per meeting  with the exception of the Chairman of the Board  who shall be paid no meeting fees and the CEO  who shall be paid no annual or meeting fees for his Board of Directors' position.The members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and Committee work.12. Resolution on the Number of Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight (8).13. Election of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that current members of the Board of Directors Chaim Katzman  Yehuda (Judah) L. Angster  F. Scott Ball  Zvi Gordon  Alexandre (Sandy) Koifman  David Lukes  Per-Anders Ovin and Ljudmila Popova be re-elected.The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a term that will continue until the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates of the Board of Directors  with the exception of F. Scott Ball  are independent of the company. All candidates  with the exception of Chaim Katzman and Zvi Gordon  are independent of the Company's significant shareholders.All candidates for the Board of Directors have been presented on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.14. Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Audit and Governance Committee that the audit fee be paid in accordance with the auditor's invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the AuditorOn the recommendation of the Audit and Governance Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Company's present auditor Ernst & Young Oy  a firm of authorized public accountants  be re-elected as the auditor. Ernst & Young Oy has announced that APA Antti Suominen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to Decide on the Issuance of Shares as well as the Issuance of Special Rights Entitling to SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act by one or several decisions in the manner described below.The number of shares to be issued shall not exceed 16 million shares  which would correspond to approximately 9.52 percent of all registered shares in the Company. Shares potentially issued by virtue of the special rights entitling to shares are included in the aforesaid maximum number of shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of own shares held by the Company. The issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive right by way of a directed issue.The authorization is valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2024  and it revokes all earlier share issue authorizations as well as authorizations to issue special rights entitling to shares.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to Decide on the Repurchase and/or on the Acceptance as Pledge of the Company's Own SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares in one or several tranches as follows.The number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge shall not exceed 30 million shares  which would correspond to approximately 17.86 percent of all registered shares in the Company. Only the unrestricted equity of the Company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorization.Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a market-based price.Share repurchases remain a potential capital distribution method  along with other investments  for the Company to distribute capital to enhance value for all shareholders.The Board of Directors decides on how own shares will be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares can be repurchased for instance by using derivatives. Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorization is valid until the close of next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase and/or accept as pledge the Company's owns shares.18. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingCitycon Oyj's Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report  the Remuneration Report  the proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the General Meeting  and this notice will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 on 21 February 2023. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.Minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website as of 4 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the Participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the Company's register of shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  9 March 2023  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company's shareholders' register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation no later than 14 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the notice of participation must be received. The registration can be done in the following ways:a. electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/agm2023. Registering requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a bank ID or mobile certificate.b. by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal data given to the Company by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Proxy Representative and Powers of AttorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.A proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise  in a reliable manner  demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy documents and advance voting forms should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration and advance voting  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the Company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify himself/herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank IDs or a mobile certificate. More information on suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information will also be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.3. Holder of Nominee Registered SharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 9 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request  in good time  the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting as well as advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered in the Company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee registered shares before the due date for the registration. Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may also participate in the meeting in real time using telecommunication connection and technical means. In addition to the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the real-time participation in the meeting requires the submission of the shareholder's e-mail address and telephone number and  if necessary  a proxy document and other documents necessary to prove the right of representation to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link  username and password to participate in the meeting.4. Participation InstructionsShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting will participate and exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.A remote connection to the General Meeting will be arranged via the online general meeting service provided by Euroclear Finland Oy  which includes a video and audio connection to the General Meeting. Participating in the remote meeting does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking questions or addresses. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link  username and password for remote participation will be sent by e-mail to the e-mail address provided during registration after the expiry of the registration period and approximately two hours before the meeting. It is recommended to test the network connection and log into the meeting system in good time before the start of the meeting.Further information regarding the general meeting service  additional instructions for proxies representing several shareholders  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of potential disruptions in the functioning of the service will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 no later than 27 February 2023. Shareholders are recommended to familiarize themselves with the detailed instructions prior to the start of the General Meeting.5. Voting in AdvanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain agenda items of the General Meeting during the period from 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET) until 14 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a. electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/agm2023. Voting in advance electronically requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons.b. by sending the advance voting form available on the Company's website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki.The advance voting form and instructions relating to the advance voting will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 no later than on 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET).If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all information required for registration and advance voting is duly provided. No other notification of participation is required for the General Meeting.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means.With regards to holders of nominee registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organization. The account management organization may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting  is considered to have been presented unchanged to the General Meeting. Conditions related to the electronic advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.6. Other Instructions and InformationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting via the remote connection has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting nor the number of voting rights.On the date of publication of this notice  21 February 2023  Citycon Oyj has 168 008 940 shares and votes.CITYCON OYJThe Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVice President  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTel. +358 50 387 8180sakari.jarvela@citycon.comCitycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.3 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-citycon-oyj-301751579.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.6,0.31,0.08,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Citycon Oyj', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'other potential costs', 'Unrestricted Equity Fund', 'additional annual fee', 'maximum total amount', 'Preliminary payment date', 'current total number', 'Preliminary record date', 'The General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'payment dates', 'meeting fee', 'equity repayment', 'meeting venue', 'remote connection', 'real time', 'voting rights', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'Balance Sheet', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcements', 'governing bodies', 'lodging expenses', 'Committee work', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Company', 'other Board', 'The Board', 'section C', 'advance voting', 'financial period', ""shareholders' register"", '10. Remuneration Report', 'Deputy Chairmen', 'ordinary members', 'Committee members', ""Directors' position"", ""Directors' Committees"", 'Board resolution', '12:00 hrs', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Tuesday', '21 March', '12:00 noon', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'notice', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Persons', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'List', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Year', 'Review', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'website', 'Adoption', 'Use', 'Profit', 'Authorization', 'Distribution', 'Assets', '31 December', 'discretion', 'manner', 'shares', 'justified', 'reason', 'validity', 'Story', '24 March', '30 June', '29 September', '29 December', '20 December', 'Discharge', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'exception', 'travel', '9.']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18886,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-martela-073000617.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation; proposals of the Board of Directors,The Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 29 March 2023  beginning at 3:00 p.m. (EET) at Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki. The...,Martela CorporationThe Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 29 March 2023  beginning at 3:00 p.m. (EET) at Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.30 p.m. (EET).Shareholders may also participate to the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholders participating via remote access have during the meeting all shareholder rights such as the voting right and possibility to ask questions.Shareholders may also use their voting right by voting in advance. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote in advance.The instructions on participation are provided in section C. “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Board of Directors proposes that Attorney-at-Law Olli Kotila shall act as the Chair of the meeting. In case Olli Kotila is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the Chair  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act as the Chair. The Chair may appoint a secretary for the meeting.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Board of Directors proposes that the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of shall be the Company’s CFO Kalle Lehtonen. In case Kalle Lehtonen is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act in the role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.Story continues7. Adoption of the financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share would be paid from the financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022. The dividend would be paid to those shareholders who on the record date of the payment  31 March 2023  are recorded in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid on 11 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and CEO10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/rewarding.The Board of Directors proposes the acceptance of the Remuneration Report 2022. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the Chair of the Board of Directors would receive a remuneration of EUR 3 700.00 per month and the other Board of Directors members each EUR 1 850.00 per month. In addition  the Board of Directors members belonging to a committee would receive EUR 1 600.00 per year. Board of Directors members employed by a company belonging to the Martela Group will not be remunerated separately for the Board of Directors work. Compensation for travelling expenses would be paid according to the Company’s travelling policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that 6 members will be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors Mr. Eero Martela  Mr. Jan Mattsson  Ms. Katarina Mellström  Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen  Mr. Johan Mild and Ms. Hanna Mattila would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a term which expires at the end of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.The CVs of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/board-of-directors.With respect of the election procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Ltd  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected auditor of the Company. Ernst & Young Ltd has notified that Osmo Valovirta  Authorized Public Accountant  would continue act as the auditor with principal responsibility. The term of office of the auditor expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. The Board of Directors’ proposal to amend the Company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Company’s articles of association are amended so that the domicile of the Company is changed to Espoo and that an addition is made to the articles of association concerning possible remote participation in the general meeting as an alternative or without convening a physical meeting. The amendments would be made to section 1 (Company Name and Domicile) and section 11 (Invitation to the Annual General Meeting).The section of the new articles of association:1 § COMPANY NAME AND DOMICILEThe name of the company is Martela Oyj  in English Martela Corporation  and domicile is Espoo.The section of the old articles of association:1 § COMPANY NAME AND DOMICILEThe name of the company is Martela Oyj  in English Martela Corporation  and domicile is Helsinki.The section of the new articles of association:11 § NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING  MEETING VENUE AND MEANS OF PARTICIPATIONThe notice convening the general meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the general meeting  however  no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the general meeting.The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the company’s website.In order to be entitled to attend and use their right to speak at the general meeting  a shareholder must notify the company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the general meeting  which may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the general meeting.The board of directors may decide on alternative additional means of participating in the general meeting so that shareholders may exercise their decision-making rights prior to or during the general meeting by use of telecommunication or other technical means. The board of directors may also decide that the general meeting is arranged without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time by use of telecommunication or other technical means during the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the company  general meetings can also be held in Helsinki.The section of the old articles of association:11 § INVITATION TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe invitation to the general meeting must be delivered at the earliest three (3) months prior to the record date of the general meeting and at the latest three (3) weeks prior to the general meeting by an invitation published on the company’s website.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of the Company’s own shares in one or several occasions as follows:Based on authorization the Board of Directors may resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 Company’s own A-series shares with funds from the Company’s unrestricted equity.Own shares will be repurchased in public trading maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price of the shares as per the time of repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.Own shares may be repurchased  when necessary  as part of the Company’s salary and incentive scheme  for use in conjunction with corporate acquisitions and other business arrangements  if the Board of Directors deems this is in the interest of the shareholders in light of the Company’s share indicators  or if the Board deems it is an economical way of using liquid assets  or for other corresponding purpose.Own shares repurchased to the Company may be retained in the possession of the Company  cancelled or transferred further.The authorization grants the Board of Directors the right to resolve on all other terms of the repurchase of the shares. Thus  this share repurchase authorization includes the right to repurchase shares otherwise than in proportion of the shareholdings (directed repurchase).The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to repurchase the Company’s own shares.This share repurchase authorization will be valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  cannot exceed 450 000 of the Company’s A-series shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company. The proposed maximum amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all shares in the Company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe for shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of paying purchase prices of corporate acquisitions  share issues directed to personnel or share award schemes or to issue share options or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.This authorization remains valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice to the Annual General Meeting  that includes the proposals for the decisions on the aforementioned matters on the above agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available at Martela Corporation’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Martela Corporation’s Annual Report  financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 21 February 2023.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website by no later than 12 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Right to participate and registration of a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  17 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration commences on 22 February 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). A shareholder registered in the Company's shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 22 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration needs to have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be made:a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Online registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish Bank ID or Mobile ID.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the Annual General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.In connection with the registration and possible advance voting  the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID and contact information. The provided personal data shall only be used in connection with the processing of the Annual General Meeting and necessary registrations related to it.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 17 March 2023. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  temporarily been registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 24 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request in good time from his/her/its custodian bank the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration and participation in the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall report the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  to be temporarily registered into the shareholder’s register of the Company by the above-mentioned date at the latest and take care of possible advance voting on behalf of the shareholder within the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.3. Use of proxy representatives and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance in a manner set out in this notice.When registering for the Annual General Meeting and possibly voting in advance through the Company’s website  the proxy representative is required to identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which the proxy representative is able to register and  if he/she wishes  vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. The proxy representative of the shareholder is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service.A template for the proxy and voting instructions is available on the Company’s website https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares based on which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be informed in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd. In addition to the proxy document  the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative must register to the Annual General Meeting as is described above in this notice to the Annual General Meeting.4. Exercising rights by the use of telecommunications and technical meansA shareholder  who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account  may participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholder participating via remote access has during the Annual General Meeting all shareholder rights such as voting right and speaking right.The Annual General Meeting may decide  in accordance with the Companies Act chapter 5 paragraph 25 a  on the principles how the possible written questions and other statements may be combined and modified.The shareholder’s notification regarding participation in the Annual General Meeting via remote access is binding and the shareholder or proxy representative may not after the end of the notice period change the participation method nor participate in person at the meeting venue. A notice of remote access participation by a proxy representative of a shareholder does not  however  limit the participation right of the shareholder’s possible other proxy representatives in person at the meeting venue.A shareholder or proxy representative  who has notified in person attendance at the meeting venue  may change the participation method to remote access. No separate notification to the Company is required regarding this. The remote access participation is done by using the remote access link and password sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting shall be accessed remotely in real time through Inderes Corporation’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform that includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating remotely does not require software or loadings subject to charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio. Furthermore  presenting questions orally requires a microphone in the device used for participating in the Annual General Meeting. Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera browsers are recommended for participation. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the starting time of the Annual General Meeting.The link and password for the participation remotely will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting at the latest on the day preceding the Annual General Meeting. Thus  also shareholders who have voted in advance and notified attendance at the meeting venue may participate via remote access. The advance votes that have been given will be taken into account even in case the shareholder does not participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. In case a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access  the shareholder may change the advance votes given  should there be a voting during the Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the virtual general meeting service  additional instructions for proxy representatives when representing several shareholders  contact details of the service provider  and instructions in case of an error situation as well as a link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection are available at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi. It is recommended that participants view the instructions for participation before the start of the Annual General Meeting.5. Voting in advanceShareholders with a personal Finnish book-entry account may  if they wish  vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 22 February 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET) and 22 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Logging into the service is done in the same way as for the registration in section C. 1. of this notice.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.It is not possible for the shareholder who votes in advance to exercise other shareholder rights under the Companies Act in the Annual General Meeting  such as the right to ask questions or right to demand a vote  unless the shareholder also registers for and participates him-/herself or through a proxy representative in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. A shareholder who has voted in advance and who also participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access can  in a voting situation  if he/she wishes  change the votes given in advance.Holders of nominee-registered shares vote through their custodian banks. The account manager of the custodian bank may vote in advance in accordance with the voting instructions given by the shareholder during the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.The proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been presented at the Annual General Meeting as unchanged.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish.Shareholders participating to the Annual General Meeting have the right to ask questions in accordance with chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in the Company is 4 519 614 shares from which 604 800 are K shares and 3 914 814 A shares. K shares have 20 votes per share and A shares 1 vote per share.In Espoo  20 February 2023MARTELA CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.11,0.27,0.62,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Martela Corporation', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen', 'Ms. Katarina Mellström', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Ms. Hanna Mattila', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Mr. Jan Mattsson', 'Mr. Johan Mild', 'Law Olli Kotila', 'CFO Kalle Lehtonen', 'Mr. Eero Martela', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'voting tickets', 'remote access', 'shareholder rights', 'voting right', 'section C', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Companies Act', 'travelling expenses', 'travelling policy', 'Martela Corporation', 'Martela Group', 'financial year', 'The Board', 'current members', 'The Chair', 'other Board', 'Directors work', 'shareholders’ register', 'parent company', 'Directors members', '6 members', '29 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'possibility', 'questions', 'advance', 'instructions', 'participation', 'participants', 'notice', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'case', 'secretary', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'January', '31 December', 'CEO', 'review', 'Story', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', '11 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'acceptance', 'accordance', 'intention', 'month', 'addition', 'committee', 'Compensation', 'number', 'term', 'CVs', '3:00', '2.30', '10.']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18887,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-citycon-oyj-301751579.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Citycon Oyj,"Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release 21 February 2023 at 12:00 hrs HELSINKI  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj (the ""Company"") will be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). The General …","Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release 21 February 2023 at 12:00 hrsHELSINKI  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj (the ""Company"") will be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). The General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue using remote connection in real time  in accordance with Section 11 of the Articles of Association of the Company and Chapter 5  Section 16 Subsection 3 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Instructions for participation are provided in section C of this notice.The Company's shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to Order3. Election of Persons to Scrutinize the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes4. Recording the Legality of the Meeting5. Recording the Attendance and Adopting the List of Votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the Year 2022Review by the CEO and CFO.The Company's Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the Company's website citycon.com/agm2023.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the Use of the Profit Shown on the Balance Sheet as well as Authorization of the Board of Directors to Decide on the Distribution of Assets from the Invested Unrestricted Equity FundThe Board of Directors proposes that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period ended on 31 December 2022  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the General Meeting.Nonetheless  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide  in its discretion  on the distribution of assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the manner set forth below.Based on this authorization  the maximum total amount of equity repayment distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund shall not exceed EUR 0.50 per share. Based on the current total number of issued shares in the Company  the authorization would equal to a maximum of EUR 84 004 470 in equity repayment.The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting.Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason  the authorization will be used to distribute equity repayment four times during the period of validity of the authorization. The Board of Directors will make separate resolutions on each distribution of equity repayment so that the preliminary record and payment dates for the equity repayment will be as set out below. The Company shall make separate announcements of each such Board resolution.Preliminary payment date Preliminary record date 31 March 2023 24 March 2023 30 June 2023 23 June 2023 29 September 2023 22 September 2023 29 December 2023 20 December 2023The equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the equity repayment.9. Resolution on the Discharge of the Members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from Liability10. Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report of the Company's governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company's website citycon.com/agm2023.11. Resolution on the Remuneration of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the remuneration of members of the Board of Directors would remain the same and the Chairman of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 160 000  the Deputy Chairmen EUR 70 000 and the ordinary members of the Board EUR 50 000. The Chairmen of the Board of Directors' Committees would be paid an additional annual fee of EUR 5 000.It is proposed that the Chairmen of the meetings of the Board's Committees shall be paid a meeting fee of EUR 800 and other Board and Committee members EUR 600 per meeting  with the exception of the Chairman of the Board  who shall be paid no meeting fees and the CEO  who shall be paid no annual or meeting fees for his Board of Directors' position.The members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and Committee work.12. Resolution on the Number of Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight (8).13. Election of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that current members of the Board of Directors Chaim Katzman  Yehuda (Judah) L. Angster  F. Scott Ball  Zvi Gordon  Alexandre (Sandy) Koifman  David Lukes  Per-Anders Ovin and Ljudmila Popova be re-elected.The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a term that will continue until the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates of the Board of Directors  with the exception of F. Scott Ball  are independent of the company. All candidates  with the exception of Chaim Katzman and Zvi Gordon  are independent of the Company's significant shareholders.All candidates for the Board of Directors have been presented on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.14. Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Audit and Governance Committee that the audit fee be paid in accordance with the auditor's invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the AuditorOn the recommendation of the Audit and Governance Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Company's present auditor Ernst & Young Oy  a firm of authorized public accountants  be re-elected as the auditor. Ernst & Young Oy has announced that APA Antti Suominen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to Decide on the Issuance of Shares as well as the Issuance of Special Rights Entitling to SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act by one or several decisions in the manner described below.The number of shares to be issued shall not exceed 16 million shares  which would correspond to approximately 9.52 percent of all registered shares in the Company. Shares potentially issued by virtue of the special rights entitling to shares are included in the aforesaid maximum number of shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of own shares held by the Company. The issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive right by way of a directed issue.The authorization is valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2024  and it revokes all earlier share issue authorizations as well as authorizations to issue special rights entitling to shares.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to Decide on the Repurchase and/or on the Acceptance as Pledge of the Company's Own SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares in one or several tranches as follows.The number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge shall not exceed 30 million shares  which would correspond to approximately 17.86 percent of all registered shares in the Company. Only the unrestricted equity of the Company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorization.Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a market-based price.Share repurchases remain a potential capital distribution method  along with other investments  for the Company to distribute capital to enhance value for all shareholders.The Board of Directors decides on how own shares will be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares can be repurchased for instance by using derivatives. Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorization is valid until the close of next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase and/or accept as pledge the Company's owns shares.18. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingCitycon Oyj's Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report  the Remuneration Report  the proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the General Meeting  and this notice will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 on 21 February 2023. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.Minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website as of 4 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the Participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the Company's register of shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  9 March 2023  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company's shareholders' register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation no later than 14 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the notice of participation must be received. The registration can be done in the following ways:a. electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/agm2023. Registering requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a bank ID or mobile certificate.b. by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal data given to the Company by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Proxy Representative and Powers of AttorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.A proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise  in a reliable manner  demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy documents and advance voting forms should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration and advance voting  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the Company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify himself/herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank IDs or a mobile certificate. More information on suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information will also be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.3. Holder of Nominee Registered SharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 9 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request  in good time  the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting as well as advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered in the Company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee registered shares before the due date for the registration. Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may also participate in the meeting in real time using telecommunication connection and technical means. In addition to the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the real-time participation in the meeting requires the submission of the shareholder's e-mail address and telephone number and  if necessary  a proxy document and other documents necessary to prove the right of representation to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link  username and password to participate in the meeting.4. Participation InstructionsShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting will participate and exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.A remote connection to the General Meeting will be arranged via the online general meeting service provided by Euroclear Finland Oy  which includes a video and audio connection to the General Meeting. Participating in the remote meeting does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking questions or addresses. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link  username and password for remote participation will be sent by e-mail to the e-mail address provided during registration after the expiry of the registration period and approximately two hours before the meeting. It is recommended to test the network connection and log into the meeting system in good time before the start of the meeting.Further information regarding the general meeting service  additional instructions for proxies representing several shareholders  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of potential disruptions in the functioning of the service will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 no later than 27 February 2023. Shareholders are recommended to familiarize themselves with the detailed instructions prior to the start of the General Meeting.5. Voting in AdvanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain agenda items of the General Meeting during the period from 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET) until 14 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a. electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/agm2023. Voting in advance electronically requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons.b. by sending the advance voting form available on the Company's website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki.The advance voting form and instructions relating to the advance voting will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 no later than on 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET).If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all information required for registration and advance voting is duly provided. No other notification of participation is required for the General Meeting.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means.With regards to holders of nominee registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organization. The account management organization may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting  is considered to have been presented unchanged to the General Meeting. Conditions related to the electronic advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.6. Other Instructions and InformationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting via the remote connection has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting nor the number of voting rights.On the date of publication of this notice  21 February 2023  Citycon Oyj has 168 008 940 shares and votes.CITYCON OYJThe Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVice President  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTel. +358 50 387 8180sakari.jarvela@citycon.comCitycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.3 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Citycon Oyj', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'other potential costs', 'Unrestricted Equity Fund', 'additional annual fee', 'maximum total amount', 'Preliminary payment date', 'current total number', 'Preliminary record date', 'The General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'payment dates', 'meeting fee', 'equity repayment', 'meeting venue', 'remote connection', 'real time', 'voting rights', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'Balance Sheet', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcements', 'governing bodies', 'lodging expenses', 'Committee work', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Company', 'other Board', 'The Board', 'section C', 'advance voting', 'financial period', ""shareholders' register"", '10. Remuneration Report', 'Deputy Chairmen', 'ordinary members', 'Committee members', ""Directors' position"", ""Directors' Committees"", 'Board resolution', '12:00 hrs', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Tuesday', '21 March', '12:00 noon', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'notice', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Persons', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'List', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Year', 'Review', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'website', 'Adoption', 'Use', 'Profit', 'Authorization', 'Distribution', 'Assets', '31 December', 'discretion', 'manner', 'shares', 'justified', 'reason', 'validity', '24 March', '30 June', '29 September', '29 December', '20 December', 'Discharge', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'exception', 'travel']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.co.uk
18889,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611740/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Martela-Corporation-proposals-of-the-Board-of-Directors.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation; proposals of the Board of Directors,The Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 29 March 2023  beginning at 3:00 p.m. (EET) at Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will comme…,English FinnishThe Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 29 March 2023  beginning at 3:00 p.m. (EET) at Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.30 p.m. (EET).Shareholders may also participate to the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholders participating via remote access have during the meeting all shareholder rights such as the voting right and possibility to ask questions.Shareholders may also use their voting right by voting in advance. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote in advance.The instructions on participation are provided in section C. “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Board of Directors proposes that Attorney-at-Law Olli Kotila shall act as the Chair of the meeting. In case Olli Kotila is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the Chair  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act as the Chair. The Chair may appoint a secretary for the meeting.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Board of Directors proposes that the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of shall be the Company’s CFO Kalle Lehtonen. In case Kalle Lehtonen is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act in the role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share would be paid from the financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022. The dividend would be paid to those shareholders who on the record date of the payment  31 March 2023  are recorded in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid on 11 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and CEO10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/rewarding.The Board of Directors proposes the acceptance of the Remuneration Report 2022. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the Chair of the Board of Directors would receive a remuneration of EUR 3 700.00 per month and the other Board of Directors members each EUR 1 850.00 per month. In addition  the Board of Directors members belonging to a committee would receive EUR 1 600.00 per year. Board of Directors members employed by a company belonging to the Martela Group will not be remunerated separately for the Board of Directors work. Compensation for travelling expenses would be paid according to the Company’s travelling policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that 6 members will be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors Mr. Eero Martela  Mr. Jan Mattsson  Ms. Katarina Mellström  Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen  Mr. Johan Mild and Ms. Hanna Mattila would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a term which expires at the end of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.The CVs of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/board-of-directors.With respect of the election procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Ltd  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected auditor of the Company. Ernst & Young Ltd has notified that Osmo Valovirta  Authorized Public Accountant  would continue act as the auditor with principal responsibility. The term of office of the auditor expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. The Board of Directors’ proposal to amend the Company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Company’s articles of association are amended so that the domicile of the Company is changed to Espoo and that an addition is made to the articles of association concerning possible remote participation in the general meeting as an alternative or without convening a physical meeting. The amendments would be made to section 1 (Company Name and Domicile) and section 11 (Invitation to the Annual General Meeting).The section of the new articles of association:1 § COMPANY NAME AND DOMICILEThe name of the company is Martela Oyj  in English Martela Corporation  and domicile is Espoo.The section of the old articles of association:1 § COMPANY NAME AND DOMICILEThe name of the company is Martela Oyj  in English Martela Corporation  and domicile is Helsinki.The section of the new articles of association:11 § NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING  MEETING VENUE AND MEANS OF PARTICIPATIONThe notice convening the general meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the general meeting  however  no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the general meeting.The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the company’s website.In order to be entitled to attend and use their right to speak at the general meeting  a shareholder must notify the company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the general meeting  which may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the general meeting.The board of directors may decide on alternative additional means of participating in the general meeting so that shareholders may exercise their decision-making rights prior to or during the general meeting by use of telecommunication or other technical means. The board of directors may also decide that the general meeting is arranged without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time by use of telecommunication or other technical means during the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the company  general meetings can also be held in Helsinki.The section of the old articles of association:11 § INVITATION TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe invitation to the general meeting must be delivered at the earliest three (3) months prior to the record date of the general meeting and at the latest three (3) weeks prior to the general meeting by an invitation published on the company’s website.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of the Company’s own shares in one or several occasions as follows:Based on authorization the Board of Directors may resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 Company’s own A-series shares with funds from the Company’s unrestricted equity.Own shares will be repurchased in public trading maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price of the shares as per the time of repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.Own shares may be repurchased  when necessary  as part of the Company’s salary and incentive scheme  for use in conjunction with corporate acquisitions and other business arrangements  if the Board of Directors deems this is in the interest of the shareholders in light of the Company’s share indicators  or if the Board deems it is an economical way of using liquid assets  or for other corresponding purpose.Own shares repurchased to the Company may be retained in the possession of the Company  cancelled or transferred further.The authorization grants the Board of Directors the right to resolve on all other terms of the repurchase of the shares. Thus  this share repurchase authorization includes the right to repurchase shares otherwise than in proportion of the shareholdings (directed repurchase).The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to repurchase the Company’s own shares.This share repurchase authorization will be valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  cannot exceed 450 000 of the Company’s A-series shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company. The proposed maximum amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all shares in the Company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe for shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of paying purchase prices of corporate acquisitions  share issues directed to personnel or share award schemes or to issue share options or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.This authorization remains valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice to the Annual General Meeting  that includes the proposals for the decisions on the aforementioned matters on the above agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available at Martela Corporation’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Martela Corporation’s Annual Report  financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 21 February 2023.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website by no later than 12 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Right to participate and registration of a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  17 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration commences on 22 February 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). A shareholder registered in the Company's shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 22 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration needs to have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be made:a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Online registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish Bank ID or Mobile ID.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the Annual General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.In connection with the registration and possible advance voting  the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID and contact information. The provided personal data shall only be used in connection with the processing of the Annual General Meeting and necessary registrations related to it.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 17 March 2023. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  temporarily been registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 24 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request in good time from his/her/its custodian bank the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration and participation in the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall report the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  to be temporarily registered into the shareholder’s register of the Company by the above-mentioned date at the latest and take care of possible advance voting on behalf of the shareholder within the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.3. Use of proxy representatives and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance in a manner set out in this notice.When registering for the Annual General Meeting and possibly voting in advance through the Company’s website  the proxy representative is required to identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which the proxy representative is able to register and  if he/she wishes  vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. The proxy representative of the shareholder is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service.A template for the proxy and voting instructions is available on the Company’s website https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares based on which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be informed in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd. In addition to the proxy document  the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative must register to the Annual General Meeting as is described above in this notice to the Annual General Meeting.4. Exercising rights by the use of telecommunications and technical meansA shareholder  who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account  may participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholder participating via remote access has during the Annual General Meeting all shareholder rights such as voting right and speaking right.The Annual General Meeting may decide  in accordance with the Companies Act chapter 5 paragraph 25 a  on the principles how the possible written questions and other statements may be combined and modified.The shareholder’s notification regarding participation in the Annual General Meeting via remote access is binding and the shareholder or proxy representative may not after the end of the notice period change the participation method nor participate in person at the meeting venue. A notice of remote access participation by a proxy representative of a shareholder does not  however  limit the participation right of the shareholder’s possible other proxy representatives in person at the meeting venue.A shareholder or proxy representative  who has notified in person attendance at the meeting venue  may change the participation method to remote access. No separate notification to the Company is required regarding this. The remote access participation is done by using the remote access link and password sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting shall be accessed remotely in real time through Inderes Corporation’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform that includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating remotely does not require software or loadings subject to charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio. Furthermore  presenting questions orally requires a microphone in the device used for participating in the Annual General Meeting. Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera browsers are recommended for participation. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the starting time of the Annual General Meeting.The link and password for the participation remotely will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting at the latest on the day preceding the Annual General Meeting. Thus  also shareholders who have voted in advance and notified attendance at the meeting venue may participate via remote access. The advance votes that have been given will be taken into account even in case the shareholder does not participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. In case a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access  the shareholder may change the advance votes given  should there be a voting during the Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the virtual general meeting service  additional instructions for proxy representatives when representing several shareholders  contact details of the service provider  and instructions in case of an error situation as well as a link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection are available at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi. It is recommended that participants view the instructions for participation before the start of the Annual General Meeting.5. Voting in advanceShareholders with a personal Finnish book-entry account may  if they wish  vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 22 February 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET) and 22 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Logging into the service is done in the same way as for the registration in section C. 1. of this notice.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.It is not possible for the shareholder who votes in advance to exercise other shareholder rights under the Companies Act in the Annual General Meeting  such as the right to ask questions or right to demand a vote  unless the shareholder also registers for and participates him-/herself or through a proxy representative in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. A shareholder who has voted in advance and who also participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access can  in a voting situation  if he/she wishes  change the votes given in advance.Holders of nominee-registered shares vote through their custodian banks. The account manager of the custodian bank may vote in advance in accordance with the voting instructions given by the shareholder during the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.The proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been presented at the Annual General Meeting as unchanged.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish.Shareholders participating to the Annual General Meeting have the right to ask questions in accordance with chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in the Company is 4 519 614 shares from which 604 800 are K shares and 3 914 814 A shares. K shares have 20 votes per share and A shares 1 vote per share.In Espoo  20 February 2023MARTELA CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.29,0.49,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Martela Corporation', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen', 'Ms. Katarina Mellström', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Ms. Hanna Mattila', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Mr. Jan Mattsson', 'Mr. Johan Mild', 'Law Olli Kotila', 'CFO Kalle Lehtonen', 'Mr. Eero Martela', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'English Finnish', 'voting tickets', 'remote access', 'shareholder rights', 'voting right', 'section C', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Companies Act', 'travelling expenses', 'travelling policy', 'financial year', 'Martela Corporation', 'Martela Group', 'The Board', 'current members', 'The Chair', 'other Board', 'Directors work', 'shareholders’ register', 'parent company', 'Directors members', '6 members', '29 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'possibility', 'questions', 'advance', 'instructions', 'participation', 'participants', 'notice', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'case', 'secretary', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'January', '31 December', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', '11 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'acceptance', 'accordance', 'intention', 'month', 'addition', 'committee', 'Compensation', 'number', 'term', 'CVs', '3:00', '2.30', '10.']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18890,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARTELA-OYJ-1412487/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Martela-Corporation-proposals-of-the-Board-of-Directors-43037995/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation; proposals of the Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) The Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 29 March 2023  beginning at 3:00 p.m. at Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tic…,The Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 29 March 2023  beginning at 3:00 p.m. (EET) at Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.30 p.m. (EET).Shareholders may also participate to the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholders participating via remote access have during the meeting all shareholder rights such as the voting right and possibility to ask questions.Shareholders may also use their voting right by voting in advance. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote in advance.The instructions on participation are provided in section C. “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Board of Directors proposes that Attorney-at-Law Olli Kotila shall act as the Chair of the meeting. In case Olli Kotila is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the Chair  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act as the Chair. The Chair may appoint a secretary for the meeting.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Board of Directors proposes that the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of shall be the Company’s CFO Kalle Lehtonen. In case Kalle Lehtonen is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act in the role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share would be paid from the financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022. The dividend would be paid to those shareholders who on the record date of the payment  31 March 2023  are recorded in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid on 11 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and CEO10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/rewarding.The Board of Directors proposes the acceptance of the Remuneration Report 2022. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the Chair of the Board of Directors would receive a remuneration of EUR 3 700.00 per month and the other Board of Directors members each EUR 1 850.00 per month. In addition  the Board of Directors members belonging to a committee would receive EUR 1 600.00 per year. Board of Directors members employed by a company belonging to the Martela Group will not be remunerated separately for the Board of Directors work. Compensation for travelling expenses would be paid according to the Company’s travelling policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that 6 members will be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors Mr. Eero Martela  Mr. Jan Mattsson  Ms. Katarina Mellström  Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen  Mr. Johan Mild and Ms. Hanna Mattila would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a term which expires at the end of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.The CVs of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/board-of-directors.With respect of the election procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Ltd  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected auditor of the Company. Ernst & Young Ltd has notified that Osmo Valovirta  Authorized Public Accountant  would continue act as the auditor with principal responsibility. The term of office of the auditor expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. The Board of Directors’ proposal to amend the Company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Company’s articles of association are amended so that the domicile of the Company is changed to Espoo and that an addition is made to the articles of association concerning possible remote participation in the general meeting as an alternative or without convening a physical meeting. The amendments would be made to section 1 (Company Name and Domicile) and section 11 (Invitation to the Annual General Meeting).The section of the new articles of association:1 § COMPANY NAME AND DOMICILEThe name of the company is Martela Oyj  in English Martela Corporation  and domicile is Espoo.The section of the old articles of association:1 § COMPANY NAME AND DOMICILEThe name of the company is Martela Oyj  in English Martela Corporation  and domicile is Helsinki.The section of the new articles of association:11 § NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING  MEETING VENUE AND MEANS OF PARTICIPATIONThe notice convening the general meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the general meeting  however  no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the general meeting.The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the company’s website.In order to be entitled to attend and use their right to speak at the general meeting  a shareholder must notify the company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the general meeting  which may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the general meeting.The board of directors may decide on alternative additional means of participating in the general meeting so that shareholders may exercise their decision-making rights prior to or during the general meeting by use of telecommunication or other technical means. The board of directors may also decide that the general meeting is arranged without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time by use of telecommunication or other technical means during the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the company  general meetings can also be held in Helsinki.The section of the old articles of association:11 § INVITATION TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe invitation to the general meeting must be delivered at the earliest three (3) months prior to the record date of the general meeting and at the latest three (3) weeks prior to the general meeting by an invitation published on the company’s website.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of the Company’s own shares in one or several occasions as follows:Based on authorization the Board of Directors may resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 Company’s own A-series shares with funds from the Company’s unrestricted equity.Own shares will be repurchased in public trading maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price of the shares as per the time of repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.Own shares may be repurchased  when necessary  as part of the Company’s salary and incentive scheme  for use in conjunction with corporate acquisitions and other business arrangements  if the Board of Directors deems this is in the interest of the shareholders in light of the Company’s share indicators  or if the Board deems it is an economical way of using liquid assets  or for other corresponding purpose.Own shares repurchased to the Company may be retained in the possession of the Company  cancelled or transferred further.The authorization grants the Board of Directors the right to resolve on all other terms of the repurchase of the shares. Thus  this share repurchase authorization includes the right to repurchase shares otherwise than in proportion of the shareholdings (directed repurchase).The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to repurchase the Company’s own shares.This share repurchase authorization will be valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  cannot exceed 450 000 of the Company’s A-series shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company. The proposed maximum amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all shares in the Company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe for shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of paying purchase prices of corporate acquisitions  share issues directed to personnel or share award schemes or to issue share options or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.This authorization remains valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice to the Annual General Meeting  that includes the proposals for the decisions on the aforementioned matters on the above agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available at Martela Corporation’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Martela Corporation’s Annual Report  financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 21 February 2023.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website by no later than 12 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Right to participate and registration of a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  17 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration commences on 22 February 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). A shareholder registered in the Company's shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 22 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration needs to have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be made:a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Online registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish Bank ID or Mobile ID.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the Annual General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.In connection with the registration and possible advance voting  the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID and contact information. The provided personal data shall only be used in connection with the processing of the Annual General Meeting and necessary registrations related to it.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 17 March 2023. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  temporarily been registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 24 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request in good time from his/her/its custodian bank the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration and participation in the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall report the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  to be temporarily registered into the shareholder’s register of the Company by the above-mentioned date at the latest and take care of possible advance voting on behalf of the shareholder within the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.3. Use of proxy representatives and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance in a manner set out in this notice.When registering for the Annual General Meeting and possibly voting in advance through the Company’s website  the proxy representative is required to identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which the proxy representative is able to register and  if he/she wishes  vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. The proxy representative of the shareholder is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service.A template for the proxy and voting instructions is available on the Company’s website https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares based on which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be informed in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd. In addition to the proxy document  the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative must register to the Annual General Meeting as is described above in this notice to the Annual General Meeting.4. Exercising rights by the use of telecommunications and technical meansA shareholder  who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account  may participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholder participating via remote access has during the Annual General Meeting all shareholder rights such as voting right and speaking right.The Annual General Meeting may decide  in accordance with the Companies Act chapter 5 paragraph 25 a  on the principles how the possible written questions and other statements may be combined and modified.The shareholder’s notification regarding participation in the Annual General Meeting via remote access is binding and the shareholder or proxy representative may not after the end of the notice period change the participation method nor participate in person at the meeting venue. A notice of remote access participation by a proxy representative of a shareholder does not  however  limit the participation right of the shareholder’s possible other proxy representatives in person at the meeting venue.A shareholder or proxy representative  who has notified in person attendance at the meeting venue  may change the participation method to remote access. No separate notification to the Company is required regarding this. The remote access participation is done by using the remote access link and password sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting shall be accessed remotely in real time through Inderes Corporation’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform that includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating remotely does not require software or loadings subject to charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio. Furthermore  presenting questions orally requires a microphone in the device used for participating in the Annual General Meeting. Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera browsers are recommended for participation. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the starting time of the Annual General Meeting.The link and password for the participation remotely will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting at the latest on the day preceding the Annual General Meeting. Thus  also shareholders who have voted in advance and notified attendance at the meeting venue may participate via remote access. The advance votes that have been given will be taken into account even in case the shareholder does not participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. In case a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access  the shareholder may change the advance votes given  should there be a voting during the Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the virtual general meeting service  additional instructions for proxy representatives when representing several shareholders  contact details of the service provider  and instructions in case of an error situation as well as a link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection are available at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi. It is recommended that participants view the instructions for participation before the start of the Annual General Meeting.5. Voting in advanceShareholders with a personal Finnish book-entry account may  if they wish  vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 22 February 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET) and 22 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Logging into the service is done in the same way as for the registration in section C. 1. of this notice.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.It is not possible for the shareholder who votes in advance to exercise other shareholder rights under the Companies Act in the Annual General Meeting  such as the right to ask questions or right to demand a vote  unless the shareholder also registers for and participates him-/herself or through a proxy representative in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. A shareholder who has voted in advance and who also participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access can  in a voting situation  if he/she wishes  change the votes given in advance.Holders of nominee-registered shares vote through their custodian banks. The account manager of the custodian bank may vote in advance in accordance with the voting instructions given by the shareholder during the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.The proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been presented at the Annual General Meeting as unchanged.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish.Shareholders participating to the Annual General Meeting have the right to ask questions in accordance with chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in the Company is 4 519 614 shares from which 604 800 are K shares and 3 914 814 A shares. K shares have 20 votes per share and A shares 1 vote per share.In Espoo  20 February 2023MARTELA CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.03,0.23,0.74,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Martela Corporation', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen', 'Ms. Katarina Mellström', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Ms. Hanna Mattila', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Mr. Jan Mattsson', 'Mr. Johan Mild', 'Law Olli Kotila', 'CFO Kalle Lehtonen', 'Mr. Eero Martela', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'voting tickets', 'remote access', 'shareholder rights', 'voting right', 'section C', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Companies Act', 'travelling expenses', 'travelling policy', 'financial year', 'Martela Corporation', 'Martela Group', 'current members', 'The Board', 'The Chair', 'other Board', 'Directors work', 'shareholders’ register', 'parent company', 'Directors members', '6 members', '29 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'possibility', 'questions', 'advance', 'instructions', 'participation', 'participants', 'notice', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'case', 'secretary', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'January', '31 December', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', '11 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'acceptance', 'accordance', 'intention', 'month', 'addition', 'committee', 'Compensation', 'number', 'term', 'CVs', '3:00', '2.30', '10.']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18891,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HOLMEN-AB-PUBL-43213878/news/Holmen-Regulatory-press-release-43038777/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Holmen : Regulatory press release,(marketscreener.com)  The shareholders of Holmen Aktiebolag are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting at 15.00 CET on Tuesday  28 March 2023  in Vinterträdgården  Grand Hôtel   Stallgatan 6  Stockholm  Sweden.   Registration etc.   Shareh…,"Holmen : Regulatory press release 02/21/2023 | 04:10am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The shareholders of Holmen Aktiebolag (publ) (corp. reg. no. 556001-3301) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting at 15.00 CET on Tuesday  28 March 2023  in Vinterträdgården  Grand Hôtel (Royal entrance)  Stallgatan 6  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration etc. Shareholders wishing to exercise their voting rights and participate in the AGM must: Be registered as shareholders in the shareholder register generated by Euroclear Sweden AB indicating the situation on Monday  20 March 2023. To exercise their voting rights and participate in the AGM  shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name (so-called voting right registration) so that the person concerned is included in the shareholder register generated on this day. Such re-registration should be requested in advance from the trustee  in accordance with the trustee's procedures  by such time as the trustee deems appropriate. Voting right registrations effected by the trustee by no later than Wednesday  22 March 2023 will be included in the shareholder register generated.Register with the Company no later than Wednesday  22 March 2023 via the company's website  www.holmen.com  by e-mail; proxy@computershare.se or in writing under postal address; Computershare AB  ""Årsstämma i Holmen""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm. Registration can also be done be phone 0771-24 64 00. When registering  please state name  social security number or organization number  address  telephone number  email address and  where applicable  the number of assistants. Voting by proxy Shareholders who are represented by a proxy must issue a written  dated authorisation for the proxy. A proxy form is available at www.holmen.com  and is also available by post on request from shareholders. If the shareholder is a legal entity  proof of registration or other authorisation documents must be enclosed with the postal voting form. Copies of the documents should  to facilitate entrance  be sent in advance to the above-mentioned e-mail address or postal address. Proposed agenda Opening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of adjuster Approval of the agenda Resolution concerning the due convening of the Meeting Presentation of the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts  together with the auditors' report on the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts  address by CEO Matters arising from the above reports Resolution concerning the adoption of the parent company's income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and balance sheet Resolution concerning the appropriation of the Company's earnings as stated in the adopted balance sheet  and date of record for entitlement to dividend Resolution concerning the discharging of the members of the Board and the CEO from liability Decision on the number of Board members and auditors to be elected by the Meeting Decision on the fees to be paid to the Board and the auditor Election of the Board and the Chair of the Board Election of auditors Presentation and approval of the Board's report on the remuneration paid  and due to be paid  to senior management The Board's proposal concerning guidelines for remuneration to senior executives The Board's proposal concerning authorisation to buy back and transfer treasury shares Closure of the Meeting The Nomination Committee's proposals in respect of Items 2 and 12-15 on the agenda The Annual General Meeting has previously decided to set up a Nomination Committee to make proposals concerning the election of Board members and the Board's fees and  when relevant  the election of auditors and the auditors' fees. As decided by the AGM  the Nomination Committee shall consist of the Chair of the Board and one representative of each of the three largest shareholders by voting rights on 31 August each year. Prior to the 2023 AGM  the Nomination Committee consisted of Mats Guldbrand  L E Lundbergföretagen; Carl Kempe  Kempestiftelserna; Vegard Torsnes  Norges Bank; and Fredrik Lundberg  Chair of the Board. The Chair of the Nomination Committee is Mats Guldbrand. The Nomination Committee has submitted the following proposals: Item 2 The Nomination Committee proposes that the Company's Chair of the Board  Fredrik Lundberg  be elected as Chair of the AGM  or if he is prevented from attending  the person designated by the Nomination Committee to act in his place. Item 12 The Nomination Committee proposes that the Meeting resolve that the Board of Directors consist of nine members elected by the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee further proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  that the Meeting appoint a registered auditing firm to serve as auditor. It is noted that employee organisations have appointed employee representatives to the Board: three regular members and three alternate members. Item 13 The Nomination Committee proposes that fees of SEK 3 690 000 (3 510 000) be paid to the Board  of which SEK 820 000 (780 000) to be paid to the Chair  and SEK 410 000 (390 000) to be paid to each of the other members elected by the AGM who are not Company employees. The proposal represents an increase of 5.1 per cent. It is proposed that fees be paid to the auditors against an approved invoice. Item 14 The Nomination Committee proposes that Fredrik Lundberg  Lars Josefsson  Alice Kempe  Louise Lindh  Ulf Lundahl  Fredrik Persson  Henrik Sjölund and Henriette Zeuchner be re-elected to the Board  and that Carina Åkerström be newly elected  to serve until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. It is proposed that Fredrik Lundberg be elected Chair of the Board of Directors. Item 15 The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  the re-election of auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the Company's auditor until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. They have communicated that auditor Magnus Svensson Henryson will be main responsible auditor in case they are re-elected. The Board's proposal concerning Item 10 on the agenda The Board proposes that a dividend of SEK 16.00 per share be paid. The Board proposes that the dividend date of record be Thursday  30 March 2023. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in favour of the proposal  the dividend should be distributed by Euroclear Sweden on Tuesday  4 April 2023. The Board's proposal concerning Item 17 on the agenda The Board proposes that the following guidelines be adopted for determining the salary and other remuneration of the CEO and senior executives  i.e. the business area managers and heads of Group staffs reporting directly to the CEO. The guidelines replace the guidelines decided by the annual general meeting in 2020 and must be applied to compensation agreed upon after the guidelines are adopted by the annual general meeting in 2023. The guidelines do not cover compensation decided by the general meeting. The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategi  long-term interests and sustainability Holmen's strategy is to own and add value to the forest. Holmen's forest holdings form the basis of the business in which the raw material grows and is refined into everything from wood products for climate-smart building to renewable packaging  magazines and books  using energy that largely comes from its own hydro and wind power. Successful implementation of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability requires the company to be able to attract the right employees. This guideline is intended to provide Holmen with the conditions to recruit and retain skilled employees and ensure that remuneration and other terms are consistent. The forms of compensation In the company  long-term share-related incentive programs are established from time to time. These are decided by the general meeting and are therefore not covered by these guidelines. For more information on these please refer to www.holmen.com Remuneration to senior executives must be market-based and competitive in the market in which the executive operates and be related to the executive's responsibilities  authority  and performance. Remuneration may consist of fixed salary  variable remuneration  other benefits  and pension. Variable remuneration shall aim to motivate and reward value-creating efforts that support the company's business strategy  sustainability  and long-term interests. The variable compensation must be calculated on outcomes in relation to measurable goals and not exceed 50% of the fixed annual salary. Fulfilment of criteria for the payment of variable remuneration must under normal circumstances be possible to measure annually. Other benefits may include  healthcare insurance  housing benefit and car benefit. Such benefits shall  where they occur  constitute a maximum of 10% of the fixed salary. The retirement age shall normally be 65 years. The pension benefit paid shall be premium-based and normally amount to 30% of the fixed salary. Notice and severance pay The period of notice shall be six months  whether at the initiative of the company or the employee. In the event of notice being given by the company  severance pay can amount to no more than 18 months' salary. Consideration of salary and employment terms for other employees In formulating its proposals for these remuneration guidelines  the Board has taken into account salaries and employment terms of the company's other employees  by including information about employees' total remuneration  the components of such remuneration and the increase in remuneration and the rate of increase over time  which have constituted part of the basis for decisions in evaluating the reasonableness of these guidelines. Decision-making process for establishing  reviewing and implementing the guidelines The Board has established a remuneration committee. The committee's duties include preparing the Board's decision on proposed remuneration guidelines for senior management. Under Chapter 8  § 51 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board must propose new guidelines at least every four years and put such proposal to the Annual General Meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate the application of the guideline and applicable remuneration structures and levels in the company. Members of the remuneration committee must be independent in relation to the company and its senior management. The CEO and other members of senior management do not attend the Board's discussion of and decisions on remuneration-related matters if such matters relate to them. Deviation from the guidelines The Board may decide to temporarily deviate from the guidelines in full or in part if  in an individual case  there are particular reasons for doing so and the deviation is necessary in the long-term interests of the company  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. Significant amendments to the guidelines 2023 In the 2023 review of these guidelines  forms and limitations for variable compensation have been regulated  otherwise no significant changes have been implemented. Shareholders have not submitted comments on the previous version of the guidelines. Board proposal concerning Item 18 on the agenda The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting approve the authorisation of the Board to take decisions on the acquisition of the company's own shares as follows. Acquisitions may take place over the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions. Class B shares may only be acquired to the extent that the company's own shareholding does not exceed 10 per cent of all shares in the company at any time. The share purchases shall be transacted via Nasdaq Stockholm within the prevailing applicable range of prices (spread). The Board further proposes that it be mandated by the Annual General Meeting to make decisions between now and the next Annual General Meeting to use the company's holding of its own shares as payment in connection with the acquisition of companies or lines of business or to finance such acquisitions  in which case the shares may also be sold via Nasdaq Stockholm. In other respects  the following conditions shall apply. Such mandate may be used on one or more occasions before the 2021 Annual General Meeting. All company class B shares held by the company at the point of the Board's decision may be transferred. The mandate includes the right to decide to depart from shareholders' preferential rights. The transfer of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall take place within the prevailing applicable range of prices (spread). For share transfers outside Nasdaq Stockholm  payment will be possible in cash  with payment in kind or through offset  and the price shall correspond to an assessed market value at the time of such transfer. The purpose of the mandates for repurchases and transfers of own shares  and the reason for deviation from shareholders' preferential rights  is to give the company the opportunity to use treasury shares to finance or pay for  without delay and in a flexible  cost-effective manner  acquisitions of companies or business operations. The purpose of the mandate to repurchase shares in the company is also to enable the Board to adjust the capital structure  thereby generating a higher value for shareholders. Approval of the proposal requires shareholders representing a minimum of two-thirds of both votes cast and shares represented at the Annual General Meeting to support the resolution. Information at the meeting If a shareholder so requests  and the Board deems that it can meet the request without causing material damage to the Company  the Board and the CEO shall provide information about any circumstances that might affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and any circumstances that might affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position  or the Company's relationship with another Group company. Documents The annual accounts  the auditors' report  the Board's dividend proposal and the justifications for the proposal  as well as: the Board of Directors' report on the remuneration of senior managementthe auditors' statement in accordance with Chapter 8  § 54 of the Swedish Companies Act the Board of Directors' proposal of guidelines for remuneration to senior executives andthe Board of Directors' proposal concerning authorisation to buy back and transfer treasury shares and the related justifications will be made available by the company as of Tuesday  7 March 2023  and shall also be posted on the Company's website at www.holmen.com. Upon request  the documents will be sent to shareholders and will be available at the Annual General Meeting. _____________ When the notice of the Annual General Meeting was issued  Holmen AB had a total of 162 512 324 shares in issue  of which 45 246 468 Class A shares and 117 265 856 Class B shares. Each Class A share carries ten votes and each Class B share one vote. Following previous buybacks  the Company holds 510 646 Class B shares  equal to approximately 0.3 per cent of all the shares  which are not represented at the Meeting. The total number of voting rights in the Company at said time was therefore 569 730 536 (569 219 890 excluding the Company's treasury shares). Processing of personal data For information about how personal data is processed  please visit https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Stockholm  February 2023 The Board of Directors Invitation to Annual General Meeting 2023 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Holmen AB published this content on 21 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 21 February 2023 09:09:07 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about HOLMEN AB (PUBL) 02/21 Holmen : Regulatory press release PU 02/21 Invitation to Annual General Meeting 2023 AQ 02/21 Holmen AB Proposes Dividend  Payable on 4 April 2023 CI 02/03 Biden administration seeks to toughen school nutrition standards RE 02/03 Cargotec Unit Extends Contract for Holmen Iggesund's Log-handling Operations MT 01/31 Holmen to Boost Sustainable Production of Wood Products MT 01/31 Holmen invests in more sustainable construction AQ 01/31 Holmen : year-end report for 2022 was published on 31 January. PU 01/31 Transcript : Holmen AB  2022 Earnings Call  Jan 31  2023 CI 01/31 Holmen : Regulatory press release PU",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Regulatory press release', 'Holmen', 'L E Lundbergföretagen', 'Årsstämma i Holmen', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Regulatory press release', 'Vinterträdgården', 'Grand Hôtel', 'registered auditing firm', 'multiple email addresses', 'written, dated authorisation', 'The Nomination Committee', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'postal voting form', 'three largest shareholders', 'other authorisation documents', 'consolidated income statement', 'voting list Election', 'voting right registration', 'balance sheet Resolution', 'annual accounts', 'right registrations', 'Audit Committee', 'consolidated accounts', 'voting rights', 'postal address', 'Holmen Aktiebolag', 'corp. reg.', 'Such re-registration', 'Computershare AB', 'proxy form', 'legal entity', 'Meeting Preparation', 'due convening', 'liability Decision', 'Meeting Decision', 'senior management', 'senior executives', 'one representative', 'Mats Guldbrand', 'Carl Kempe', 'Vegard Torsnes', 'Norges Bank', 'Fredrik Lundberg', 'employee organisations', 'employee representatives', 'organization number', 'telephone number', 'shareholder register', 'nine members', 'agenda Opening', 'Royal entrance', 'Meeting Presentation', 'CEO Matters', 'agenda Resolution', 'First name', 'state name', 'adjuster Approval', 'treasury shares', 'following proposals', 'parent company', 'auditor Election', 'Board members', 'proxy Shareholders', ""auditors' report"", 'Board Election', ""auditors' fees"", 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'publ', 'Tuesday', '28 March', 'Stallgatan', 'Stockholm', 'AGM', 'situation', 'Monday', 'trustee', 'person', 'advance', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'Wednesday', 'website', 'writing', 'Box', 'assistants', 'request', 'proof', 'Copies', 'Chairman', 'above', 'reports', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'earnings', 'record', 'entitlement', 'discharging', 'remuneration', 'guidelines', 'Closure', 'respect', 'Items', '31 August', 'Kempestiftelserna', 'place', 'Directors', 'recommendation', '15.00']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18892,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-citycon-oyj-301751579.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Citycon Oyj,"Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release 21 February 2023 at 12:00 hrs HELSINKI  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj (the ""Company"") will be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). The General …","Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release 21 February 2023 at 12:00 hrsHELSINKI  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj (the ""Company"") will be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 12:00 noon (EET). The General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue using remote connection in real time  in accordance with Section 11 of the Articles of Association of the Company and Chapter 5  Section 16 Subsection 3 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Instructions for participation are provided in section C of this notice.The Company's shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to Order3. Election of Persons to Scrutinize the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes4. Recording the Legality of the Meeting5. Recording the Attendance and Adopting the List of Votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the Year 2022Review by the CEO and CFO.The Company's Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the Company's website citycon.com/agm2023.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the Use of the Profit Shown on the Balance Sheet as well as Authorization of the Board of Directors to Decide on the Distribution of Assets from the Invested Unrestricted Equity FundThe Board of Directors proposes that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period ended on 31 December 2022  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the General Meeting.Nonetheless  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide  in its discretion  on the distribution of assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the manner set forth below.Based on this authorization  the maximum total amount of equity repayment distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund shall not exceed EUR 0.50 per share. Based on the current total number of issued shares in the Company  the authorization would equal to a maximum of EUR 84 004 470 in equity repayment.The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting.Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason  the authorization will be used to distribute equity repayment four times during the period of validity of the authorization. The Board of Directors will make separate resolutions on each distribution of equity repayment so that the preliminary record and payment dates for the equity repayment will be as set out below. The Company shall make separate announcements of each such Board resolution.Preliminary payment date Preliminary record date 31 March 2023 24 March 2023 30 June 2023 23 June 2023 29 September 2023 22 September 2023 29 December 2023 20 December 2023The equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the equity repayment.9. Resolution on the Discharge of the Members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from Liability10. Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report of the Company's governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company's website citycon.com/agm2023.11. Resolution on the Remuneration of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the remuneration of members of the Board of Directors would remain the same and the Chairman of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 160 000  the Deputy Chairmen EUR 70 000 and the ordinary members of the Board EUR 50 000. The Chairmen of the Board of Directors' Committees would be paid an additional annual fee of EUR 5 000.It is proposed that the Chairmen of the meetings of the Board's Committees shall be paid a meeting fee of EUR 800 and other Board and Committee members EUR 600 per meeting  with the exception of the Chairman of the Board  who shall be paid no meeting fees and the CEO  who shall be paid no annual or meeting fees for his Board of Directors' position.The members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and Committee work.12. Resolution on the Number of Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight (8).13. Election of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that current members of the Board of Directors Chaim Katzman  Yehuda (Judah) L. Angster  F. Scott Ball  Zvi Gordon  Alexandre (Sandy) Koifman  David Lukes  Per-Anders Ovin and Ljudmila Popova be re-elected.The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a term that will continue until the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates of the Board of Directors  with the exception of F. Scott Ball  are independent of the company. All candidates  with the exception of Chaim Katzman and Zvi Gordon  are independent of the Company's significant shareholders.All candidates for the Board of Directors have been presented on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.14. Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on the recommendation of the Audit and Governance Committee that the audit fee be paid in accordance with the auditor's invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the AuditorOn the recommendation of the Audit and Governance Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Company's present auditor Ernst & Young Oy  a firm of authorized public accountants  be re-elected as the auditor. Ernst & Young Oy has announced that APA Antti Suominen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to Decide on the Issuance of Shares as well as the Issuance of Special Rights Entitling to SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act by one or several decisions in the manner described below.The number of shares to be issued shall not exceed 16 million shares  which would correspond to approximately 9.52 percent of all registered shares in the Company. Shares potentially issued by virtue of the special rights entitling to shares are included in the aforesaid maximum number of shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of own shares held by the Company. The issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive right by way of a directed issue.The authorization is valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2024  and it revokes all earlier share issue authorizations as well as authorizations to issue special rights entitling to shares.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to Decide on the Repurchase and/or on the Acceptance as Pledge of the Company's Own SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares in one or several tranches as follows.The number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge shall not exceed 30 million shares  which would correspond to approximately 17.86 percent of all registered shares in the Company. Only the unrestricted equity of the Company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorization.Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a market-based price.Share repurchases remain a potential capital distribution method  along with other investments  for the Company to distribute capital to enhance value for all shareholders.The Board of Directors decides on how own shares will be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares can be repurchased for instance by using derivatives. Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorization is valid until the close of next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase and/or accept as pledge the Company's owns shares.18. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingCitycon Oyj's Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report  the Remuneration Report  the proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the General Meeting  and this notice will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 on 21 February 2023. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.Minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website as of 4 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the Participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the Company's register of shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  9 March 2023  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company's shareholders' register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation no later than 14 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the notice of participation must be received. The registration can be done in the following ways:a. electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/agm2023. Registering requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a bank ID or mobile certificate.b. by email to [email protected] or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal data given to the Company by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Proxy Representative and Powers of AttorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.A proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise  in a reliable manner  demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy documents and advance voting forms should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to [email protected] before the last date for registration and advance voting  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the Company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify himself/herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank IDs or a mobile certificate. More information on suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information will also be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.3. Holder of Nominee Registered SharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 9 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request  in good time  the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting as well as advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered in the Company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee registered shares before the due date for the registration. Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may also participate in the meeting in real time using telecommunication connection and technical means. In addition to the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the real-time participation in the meeting requires the submission of the shareholder's e-mail address and telephone number and  if necessary  a proxy document and other documents necessary to prove the right of representation to [email protected] before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link  username and password to participate in the meeting.4. Participation InstructionsShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting will participate and exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.A remote connection to the General Meeting will be arranged via the online general meeting service provided by Euroclear Finland Oy  which includes a video and audio connection to the General Meeting. Participating in the remote meeting does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking questions or addresses. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link  username and password for remote participation will be sent by e-mail to the e-mail address provided during registration after the expiry of the registration period and approximately two hours before the meeting. It is recommended to test the network connection and log into the meeting system in good time before the start of the meeting.Further information regarding the general meeting service  additional instructions for proxies representing several shareholders  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of potential disruptions in the functioning of the service will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 no later than 27 February 2023. Shareholders are recommended to familiarize themselves with the detailed instructions prior to the start of the General Meeting.5. Voting in AdvanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain agenda items of the General Meeting during the period from 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET) until 14 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a. electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/agm2023. Voting in advance electronically requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons.b. by sending the advance voting form available on the Company's website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to [email protected] or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki.The advance voting form and instructions relating to the advance voting will be available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023 no later than on 27 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (EET).If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all information required for registration and advance voting is duly provided. No other notification of participation is required for the General Meeting.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means.With regards to holders of nominee registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organization. The account management organization may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting  is considered to have been presented unchanged to the General Meeting. Conditions related to the electronic advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company's website at citycon.com/agm2023.6. Other Instructions and InformationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting via the remote connection has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting nor the number of voting rights.On the date of publication of this notice  21 February 2023  Citycon Oyj has 168 008 940 shares and votes.CITYCON OYJThe Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVice President  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTel. +358 50 387 8180[email protected]Citycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.3 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Citycon Oyj', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Citycon Oyj Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'other potential costs', 'Unrestricted Equity Fund', 'additional annual fee', 'maximum total amount', 'Preliminary payment date', 'current total number', 'Preliminary record date', 'The General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'payment dates', 'meeting fee', 'equity repayment', 'meeting venue', 'remote connection', 'real time', 'voting rights', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'Balance Sheet', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcements', 'governing bodies', 'lodging expenses', 'Committee work', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Company', 'other Board', 'The Board', 'section C', 'advance voting', 'financial period', ""shareholders' register"", '10. Remuneration Report', 'Deputy Chairmen', 'ordinary members', 'Committee members', ""Directors' position"", ""Directors' Committees"", 'Board resolution', '12:00 hrs', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Tuesday', '21 March', '12:00 noon', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'notice', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Persons', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'List', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Year', 'Review', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'website', 'Adoption', 'Use', 'Profit', 'Authorization', 'Distribution', 'Assets', '31 December', 'discretion', 'manner', 'shares', 'justified', 'reason', 'validity', '24 March', '30 June', '29 September', '29 December', '20 December', 'Discharge', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'exception', 'travel']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.com
18894,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,And obviously assumptions about the attribution of Belgium's holdings (the Euroclear custodial account  which the F… https://t.co/9bqRqJpxHf,nan,And obviously assumptions about the attribution of Belgium's holdings (the Euroclear custodial account  which the F… https://t.co/9bqRqJpxHf,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear custodial account', 'assumptions', 'Belgium', 'holdings', 'Euroclear custodial account', 'assumptions', 'Belgium', 'holdings']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,Unknown
18895,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,State of play: neobanks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/lEE8n6h3zQ #regtech,nan,State of play: neobanks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/lEE8n6h3zQ #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites', 'State', 'play', 'neobanks', 'Fintech', 'AAA Websites', 'State', 'play', 'neobanks', 'Fintech']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,Unknown
18897,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading Technologies facilitates access to Eurex EnLight - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex an… https://t.co/aF4i9R9wtz,nan,Trading Technologies facilitates access to Eurex EnLight - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex an… https://t.co/aF4i9R9wtz,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Trading Technologies', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'Eurex EnLight', 'access', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Trading Technologies', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'Eurex EnLight', 'access']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,Unknown
18898,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies$DBOEY,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Buy', 'Jefferies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Buy', 'Jefferies']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,Unknown
18899,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,deutsche boerse plunge and everything else flat in the dax at the open was a little strange. escalated quickly :),nan,deutsche boerse plunge and everything else flat in the dax at the open was a little strange. escalated quickly :),negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['deutsche boerse plunge', 'everything', 'dax', 'open', 'deutsche boerse plunge', 'everything', 'dax', 'open']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,Unknown
18900,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,what happened to deutsche boerse here? glitch? gm dax https://t.co/QCsbVd15Wu,nan,what happened to deutsche boerse here? glitch? gm dax https://t.co/QCsbVd15Wu,negative,0.01,0.05,0.93,negative,0.01,0.05,0.93,True,English,"['deutsche boerse', 'glitch', 'gm', 'QCsbVd15Wu', 'deutsche boerse', 'glitch', 'gm', 'QCsbVd15Wu']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,Unknown
18901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vivoryon-therapeutics-n-v-present-060000610.html,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Present at Upcoming Conferences,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Present at Upcoming Conferences Halle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  February 21  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext...,"Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Present at Upcoming ConferencesHalle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  February 21  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today announced that Dr. Ulrich Dauer  CEO of Vivoryon Therapeutics  will present at the following investor conferences and industry events:BioCapital Europe 2023Date: March 9  2023Time: 09:40 am CETVenue: Hotel Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam; Amsterdam  The NetherlandsBarclays Global Healthcare ConferenceDate: March 16  2023Time: 08:00 am EDT / 01:00 pm CETVenue: Loews Miami Beach Hotel; Miami  USAA webcast of the presentation will be available via the ""Presentations & Webcasts"" page in the Investor Relations section on the Company's website at www.vivoryon.com and will be archived on the Company's website for 30 days following the conference.German Biotechnology Days (Deutsche Biotechnologietage) 2023Date: March 29  2023Time: 02:00 pm CESTVenue: RheinMain CongressCenter; Wiesbaden  Germany###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comStory continuesVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.eu",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.12,0.79,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Upcoming Conferences', 'Barclays Global Healthcare Conference Date', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Loews Miami Beach Hotel', 'innovative small molecule-based medicines', 'Investor Contact Stern IR', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Hotel Sofitel Legend', 'small molecule inhibitors', 'small molecule medicines', 'Dr. Ulrich Dauer', 'Investor Relations section', 'Upcoming Conferences Halle', 'German Biotechnology Days', 'clinical stage company', 'Phase 2 clinical development', 'other future conditions', 'annual financial statements', 'future financial results', 'investor conferences', 'Media Contact', 'financial effects', 'other factors', 'Actual results', 'future operations', 'BioCapital Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'Deutsche Biotechnologietage', 'RheinMain CongressCenter', 'ground-breaking science', 'depth expertise', 'post-translational modifications', 'lead program', 'solid pipeline', 'various indications', 'press release', 'business strategy', 'similar expressions', 'undue reliance', 'risk factors', 'Julie Seidel', 'Trophic Communications', 'Valeria Fisher', 'forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'future events', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Grand Amsterdam', 'The Company', 'industry events', 'severe diseases', 'disease settings', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'CEST Venue', 'management plans', '30 days', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'February', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'CEO', 'March', 'Time', 'CET', 'USA', 'webcast', 'presentation', 'page', 'website', 'Wiesbaden', 'passion', 'innovation', 'lives', 'patients', 'need', 'varoglutamstat', 'Alzheimer', 'cancer', 'fibrosis', 'Story', 'limitation', 'objectives', 'estimates', 'projections', 'respect', 'market', 'products', 'forecasts', 'Words', 'predict', 'will', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'trends', 'economy', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'outcome', 'obligation', 'information', 'law', 'Email', 'SternIR-Vivoryon', '09', '01:00', '02:00']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-participate-upcoming-aaaai-213000837.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress,Montrouge  France  February 21  2023 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345...,"DBV Technologies S.A.Montrouge  France  February 21  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 CongressDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation at the American Academy of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology (AAAAI) Annual Scientific meeting  taking place February 24-27 in San Antonio  TX. Two scientific poster presentations have been accepted on efficacy and safety data from subgroups of patients from the Phase 3 EPITOPE study. DBV will also host a booth in the AAAAI exhibit hall (#1826).The clinical data to be presented will discuss the efficacy and safety profile of epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) with Viaskin Peanut 250 µg from the Phase 3 EPITOPE study in peanut-allergic children aged 1-3 years with and without certain comorbid atopic conditions. One poster compares efficacy and safety data in children with and without concomitant food allergies  while the second poster focuses on children with and without atopic dermatitis.This year’s meeting will also feature a non-CME Product Theater on the Immunological Role of the Skin in Food Allergy. Professors Dr. Hugh Sampson  MD from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Dr. Cecilia Berin  Ph.D.  Bunning Professor for Food Allergy Research from the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University  will discuss immune properties of the skin as they relate to food allergy and the putative mechanism of epicutaneous immunotherapy  a novel approach to allergen desensitization that leverages the skin’s immunological functions. The Product Theater is scheduled for Saturday  February 25  from 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. CST in the AAAAI Annual Meeting Exhibit Hall 2  lobby level.DBV is also proud to sponsor the AAAAI Fellows-in-Training (FIT) Program reception. The private reception will be open to current allergy/immunology Fellows-in-Training on Friday  February 24  from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. CST at the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter  Third Floor  Grand E.Story continues“We are proud to showcase the Phase 3 efficacy and safety data of our epicutaneous immunotherapy in peanut-allergic toddlers aged 1 – 3 years with either concomitant food allergy or atopic dermatitis at the AAAAI annual meeting  as these are common comorbid allergic conditions in young children with peanut allergy ” said Dr. Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer of DBV Technologies. “The results demonstrate consistency in safety and efficacy across multiple patient groups  further validating the potential benefit of using the Viaskin™ platform for the treatment of peanut allergy in young children. We are excited to bring this innovative therapy to the forefront of the medical community and look forward to continued research in peanut-allergic patients.""DBV Abstracts:Scientific PresentationsBoth e-posters will be accompanied by recorded author presentations and will be available on-demand at https://annualmeeting.aaaai.org/ beginning on Friday  February 24  2023.Please note that only registered attendees will be able to access the poster hall  which is available through the virtual AAAAI platform. Following the conclusion of the meeting  these presentations will be available on DBV’s website  www.dbv-technologies.com  for those who are unable to attend.Poster Presentations“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Concomitant Food Allergies in the EPITOPE Study” will be presented by David Fleischer  M.D.  Associate Professor of Pediatrics at Children’s Hospital Colorado.Presentation ID: A082Session Title: Food Immunotherapy: Outcome and MechanismPresentation Date: Friday  February 24  2023Presentation Time: 3:15 p.m. – 4:15 p.m. ESTPresentation Location: Convention Center  Lobby Level  Hall 2“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Atopic Dermatitis in the EPITOPE Study” will be presented by Amy Scurlock  M.D.  Associate Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences and Arkansas Children’s Hospital.Presentation ID: A085Session Title: Food Immunotherapy: Outcome and MechanismPresentation Date: Friday  February 24  2023Presentation Time: 3:15 p.m. – 4:15 p.m. ESTPresentation Location: Convention Center  Lobby Level  Hall 2About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.11,0.05,True,English,"['Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress', 'DBV Technologies', 'AAAAI Annual Meeting Exhibit Hall', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'common comorbid allergic conditions', 'San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter', 'AAAAI) Annual Scientific meeting', 'Two scientific poster presentations', 'DBV Technologies S.A.', 'AAAAI exhibit hall', 'concomitant food allergies', 'comorbid atopic conditions', 'virtual AAAAI platform', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'CME Product Theater', 'Dr. Hugh Sampson', 'Dr. Cecilia Berin', 'The Product Theater', 'Dr. Pharis Mohideen', 'multiple patient groups', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress', 'FIT) Program reception', 'current allergy/immunology Fellows', 'broad potential applications', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'food allergic patients', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'concomitant food allergy', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'Phase 3 EPITOPE study', 'Food Allergy Research', 'AAAAI Fellows', 'Scientific Presentations', 'aaaai.org', 'poster hall', 'Food Immunotherapy', 'Viaskin™ platform', 'upcoming participation', 'clinical data', 'private reception', 'potential benefit', 'One poster', 'second poster', 'medical community', 'Medical Sciences', 'atopic dermatitis', 'author presentations', 'DBV Abstracts', 'peanut allergy', 'American Academy', 'Immunological Role', 'Icahn School', 'Mount Sinai', 'Ph.D.', 'Bunning Professor', 'Feinberg School', 'immune properties', 'novel approach', 'allergen desensitization', 'immunological functions', 'lobby level', 'Third Floor', 'Grand E.', 'peanut-allergic toddlers', 'innovative therapy', 'peanut-allergic patients', 'registered attendees', '1-3 Years', 'David Fleischer', 'M.D.', 'Associate Professor', 'Presentation ID', 'Session Title', 'Presentation Date', 'Presentation Time', 'Presentation Location', 'Convention Center', 'Amy Scurlock', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'new class', 'global headquarters', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Phase 3 efficacy', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'safety data', 'safety profile', 'peanut-allergic children', 'young children', 'Northwestern University', 'putative mechanism', 'intact skin', 'Arkansas Children', '10:00 a', '10:30 a', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Asthma', 'place', 'TX', 'subgroups', 'booth', 'µg', 'Professors', 'MD', 'Medicine', 'Saturday', 'Training', 'Friday', 'Story', 'results', 'consistency', 'treatment', 'forefront', 'posters', 'demand', 'conclusion', 'website', 'Subjects', 'Pediatrics', 'Hospital', 'Colorado', 'Outcome', 'EPIT™', 'care', '5:00', '6:00', '3:15', '4:15']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-february-090000262.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 16 – February 20  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 16 – February 20  2023 February 21  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert...,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 16 – February 20  2023February 21  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 87 142 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 16  2023  up to and including February 20  2023  for €9.0 million and at an average share price of €103.76.The previously disclosed third-party agreement to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023  has hereby been fulfilledThe cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 998 247 100.0 100.18Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 AmericanDepositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.18,0.68,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'third-party agreement', 'Total consideration', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'January', 'date', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-060000150.html,Pharming announces first patient enrolled in pediatric clinical trial of leniolisib,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM)/(Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase ...","The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /CNW/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM)/(Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase III clinical trial (NCT05438407) evaluating the investigational drug leniolisib  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  in children with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS). There is currently no approved treatment for this complex and progressive disease caused by genetic variants.Pharming Group N.V. LogoAt sites in the United States  Europe  and Japan  the single-arm  open-label  multinational clinical trial will evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of leniolisib in approximately 15 children aged 4 to 11 years who have a confirmed APDS diagnosis. The study's primary efficacy endpoints are a reduction in index lymph node size and an increased proportion of naïve B cells out of total B cells from baseline at 12 weeks. Secondary endpoints include an assessment of the ability of leniolisib to modify health-related quality of life based on measures of physical  social  emotional  and school functioning using a validated patient questionnaire.Pharming plans to initiate a similar clinical trial in the third quarter of 2023 that will include children aged 1 to 6 years  with APDS  to evaluate a new pediatric formulation of leniolisib. Eligible patients enrolled in either of the pediatric trials will continue to receive leniolisib for a year after the initial 12-week treatment period through an open-label extension trial.Manish Butte  MD  PhD  E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair  Professor with tenure in the Department of Pediatrics  and Division Chief of Immunology  Allergy  and Rheumatology at UCLA  commented:""In treating APDS  the current standard of care is to use an array of supportive therapies. While these therapies can treat some of the manifestations of APDS  they do not target the underlying cause of the disease. Pharming's studies of leniolisib in children with APDS are important for evaluating the possibility of minimizing symptoms earlier in the disease progression.""Story continuesPharming's program for the clinical development of leniolisib in pediatric APDS is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III clinical trial that investigated the drug as a treatment for patients with the disease aged 12 years and older. As announced on February 2  2022  and recently detailed in Blood1  the international medical journal of the American Society of Hematology  the trial met both its co-primary endpoints  with patients who took leniolisib versus placebo achieving significant reductions in lymphoproliferation as measured by index lymph node size and increases in immunophenotype corrections as measured by the percentage of naïve B cells in peripheral blood.During the first half of 2022  positive opinions were received from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) on the Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for leniolisib as a treatment for APDS in children. The PIP(s) included the plans for both pediatric clinical trials.Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""I am pleased we have initiated the first trial in our Phase III pediatric clinical program evaluating leniolisib in children with APDS  and I look forward to our second pediatric trial getting underway. Building on the encouraging findings from our successful Phase II/III study in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  we are committed to bringing leniolisib to even younger patients with the goal of intervening before they develop immune-related symptoms likely to progress throughout their lives. While continuing to focus on patients of all ages with APDS  we are dedicated to collaborating with regulatory authorities with the goal of generating regulatory filings to gain approval that could support the treatment of children under 12 years of age who are living with this disease.""Based on the Phase II/III trial results and long-term open-label extension data  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is conducting a priority review of Pharming's New Drug Application for leniolisib as a treatment for adolescents and adults with APDS and has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of March 29  2023. In addition  Pharming's Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib in the same patient population is under evaluation by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Pharming expects that the CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesRao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan MetelenisE: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.comT: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan CaleyE: Dan.caley@aprilsix.comT: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-pediatric-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-301750960.htmlSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.CisionView original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2023/21/c9857.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.15,0.42,True,English,"['pediatric clinical trial', 'first patient', 'Pharming', 'leniolisib', 'E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'single-arm, open-label, multinational clinical trial', 'Pharming Group N.V. Logo', 'Phase III pediatric clinical program', 'multinational Phase III study', 'index lymph node size', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Phase II/III trial results', 'naïve B cells', 'successful Phase II/III study', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'long-term open-label extension data', 'initial 12-week treatment period', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'open-label extension trial', '3-kinase delta syndrome', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'total B cells', 'similar clinical trial', 'second pediatric trial', 'pediatric clinical trials', 'new pediatric formulation', 'international medical journal', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Pediatric Investigation Plan', 'U.S. Food', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'New Drug Application', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'same patient population', 'The PIP(s', 'PDUFA) goal date', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'investigational drug leniolisib', 'clinical development', 'pediatric trials', 'first trial', 'primary endpoints', 'positive data', 'Medicinal Products', 'Drug Administration', 'UK Medicines', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory filings', 'Division Chief', 'first patient', 'Secondary endpoints', 'patient questionnaire', 'pediatric APDS', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'United States', 'increased proportion', 'health-related quality', 'school functioning', 'third quarter', 'Manish Butte', 'current standard', 'supportive therapies', 'underlying cause', 'American Society', 'significant reductions', 'immunophenotype corrections', 'first half', 'positive opinions', 'Anurag Relan', 'encouraging findings', 'priority review', 'Human Use', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', '4 to 11 years', '1 to 6 years', 'genetic variants', 'peripheral blood', 'immune-related symptoms', 'progressive disease', 'disease progression', 'Eligible patients', 'younger patients', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib tablets', 'APDS diagnosis', 'leniolisib MAA', '12 years', 'children', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'Nasdaq', 'complex', 'sites', 'Japan', 'tolerability', 'baseline', '12 weeks', 'assessment', 'life', 'measures', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'tenure', 'Department', 'Pediatrics', 'Immunology', 'Allergy', 'Rheumatology', 'UCLA', 'array', 'manifestations', 'studies', 'possibility', 'Story', 'February', 'Hematology', 'placebo', 'increases', 'percentage', 'MHRA', 'lives', 'ages', 'approval', 'FDA', 'adolescents', 'adults', 'March', 'addition', 'evaluation', 'CHMP', '2H', 'million', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', '2022']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-060000201.html,Pharming announces first patient enrolled in pediatric clinical trial of leniolisib,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM)/(Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase ...","The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM)/(Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase III clinical trial (NCT05438407) evaluating the investigational drug leniolisib  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  in children with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS). There is currently no approved treatment for this complex and progressive disease caused by genetic variants.Pharming Group N.V. LogoAt sites in the United States  Europe  and Japan  the single-arm  open-label  multinational clinical trial will evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of leniolisib in approximately 15 children aged 4 to 11 years who have a confirmed APDS diagnosis. The study's primary efficacy endpoints are a reduction in index lymph node size and an increased proportion of naïve B cells out of total B cells from baseline at 12 weeks. Secondary endpoints include an assessment of the ability of leniolisib to modify health-related quality of life based on measures of physical  social  emotional  and school functioning using a validated patient questionnaire.Pharming plans to initiate a similar clinical trial in the third quarter of 2023 that will include children aged 1 to 6 years  with APDS  to evaluate a new pediatric formulation of leniolisib. Eligible patients enrolled in either of the pediatric trials will continue to receive leniolisib for a year after the initial 12-week treatment period through an open-label extension trial.Manish Butte  MD  PhD  E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair  Professor with tenure in the Department of Pediatrics  and Division Chief of Immunology  Allergy  and Rheumatology at UCLA  commented:""In treating APDS  the current standard of care is to use an array of supportive therapies. While these therapies can treat some of the manifestations of APDS  they do not target the underlying cause of the disease. Pharming's studies of leniolisib in children with APDS are important for evaluating the possibility of minimizing symptoms earlier in the disease progression.""Story continuesPharming's program for the clinical development of leniolisib in pediatric APDS is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III clinical trial that investigated the drug as a treatment for patients with the disease aged 12 years and older. As announced on February 2  2022  and recently detailed in Blood1  the international medical journal of the American Society of Hematology  the trial met both its co-primary endpoints  with patients who took leniolisib versus placebo achieving significant reductions in lymphoproliferation as measured by index lymph node size and increases in immunophenotype corrections as measured by the percentage of naïve B cells in peripheral blood.During the first half of 2022  positive opinions were received from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) on the Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for leniolisib as a treatment for APDS in children. The PIP(s) included the plans for both pediatric clinical trials.Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""I am pleased we have initiated the first trial in our Phase III pediatric clinical program evaluating leniolisib in children with APDS  and I look forward to our second pediatric trial getting underway. Building on the encouraging findings from our successful Phase II/III study in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  we are committed to bringing leniolisib to even younger patients with the goal of intervening before they develop immune-related symptoms likely to progress throughout their lives. While continuing to focus on patients of all ages with APDS  we are dedicated to collaborating with regulatory authorities with the goal of generating regulatory filings to gain approval that could support the treatment of children under 12 years of age who are living with this disease.""Based on the Phase II/III trial results and long-term open-label extension data  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is conducting a priority review of Pharming's New Drug Application for leniolisib as a treatment for adolescents and adults with APDS and has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of March 29  2023. In addition  Pharming's Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib in the same patient population is under evaluation by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Pharming expects that the CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesRao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan MetelenisE: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.comT: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan CaleyE: Dan.caley@aprilsix.comT: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-pediatric-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-301750960.htmlSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.42,True,English,"['pediatric clinical trial', 'first patient', 'Pharming', 'leniolisib', 'E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'single-arm, open-label, multinational clinical trial', 'Pharming Group N.V. Logo', 'Phase III pediatric clinical program', 'multinational Phase III study', 'index lymph node size', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Phase II/III trial results', 'naïve B cells', 'successful Phase II/III study', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'long-term open-label extension data', 'initial 12-week treatment period', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'open-label extension trial', '3-kinase delta syndrome', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'total B cells', 'similar clinical trial', 'second pediatric trial', 'pediatric clinical trials', 'new pediatric formulation', 'international medical journal', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Pediatric Investigation Plan', 'U.S. Food', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'New Drug Application', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'same patient population', 'The PIP(s', 'PDUFA) goal date', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'investigational drug leniolisib', 'clinical development', 'pediatric trials', 'first trial', 'primary endpoints', 'positive data', 'Medicinal Products', 'Drug Administration', 'UK Medicines', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory filings', 'Division Chief', 'first patient', 'Secondary endpoints', 'patient questionnaire', 'pediatric APDS', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'United States', 'increased proportion', 'health-related quality', 'school functioning', 'third quarter', 'Manish Butte', 'current standard', 'supportive therapies', 'underlying cause', 'American Society', 'significant reductions', 'immunophenotype corrections', 'first half', 'positive opinions', 'Anurag Relan', 'encouraging findings', 'priority review', 'Human Use', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', '4 to 11 years', '1 to 6 years', 'genetic variants', 'peripheral blood', 'immune-related symptoms', 'progressive disease', 'disease progression', 'Eligible patients', 'younger patients', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib tablets', 'APDS diagnosis', 'leniolisib MAA', '12 years', 'children', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'Nasdaq', 'complex', 'sites', 'Japan', 'tolerability', 'baseline', '12 weeks', 'assessment', 'life', 'measures', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'tenure', 'Department', 'Pediatrics', 'Immunology', 'Allergy', 'Rheumatology', 'UCLA', 'array', 'manifestations', 'studies', 'possibility', 'Story', 'February', 'Hematology', 'placebo', 'increases', 'percentage', 'MHRA', 'lives', 'ages', 'approval', 'FDA', 'adolescents', 'adults', 'March', 'addition', 'evaluation', 'CHMP', '2H', 'million', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', '2022']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/beno-t-van-den-hove-173000579.html,Benoît van den Hove to succeed Vincent Van Dessel as CEO of Euronext Brussels,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Benoît van den Hove to succeed Vincent Van Dessel as CEO of Euronext BrusselsAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 21 February 2023 – Euronext today announced that the Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V. will propose the appointment of Benoît van den Hove as CEO and Chairman of Euronext Brussels and member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.  at Euronext’s Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2023. As he will reach retirement age in December 2023  Vincent Van Dessel will step down as CEO of Euronext Brussels on 1 July 2023 and as Chairman of Euronext Brussels on 1 December 2023.Benoît van den Hove  who is currently Head of Listing for Belgium and Luxembourg at Euronext  will become CEO of Euronext Brussels as of 1 July 2023  subject to relevant regulatory approvals  and will work closely with Vincent Van Dessel to ensure a smooth transition  until he replaces him as Chairman of the Board of Euronext Brussels as of 1 December 2023.Benoît van den Hove has been Head of Listing at Euronext Brussels since July 2018. Benoît has more than 20 years of experience in various roles in the financial sector  advising Belgian and international clients on their financing needs through capital markets transactions and interactions with regulators. Prior to joining Euronext  he spent 17 years at global Benelux bank ING  and two years at international law firm Linklaters.Vincent Van Dessel has been the CEO of Euronext Brussels since September 2009. From 2003 to 2009  Vincent was General Manager of Euronext Brussels. From January 2000 to June 2003  he was Chairman of the Market Authority of the Brussels Exchanges  responsible for member admission  listing  company information and the supervision of the markets. Upon the merger of the Amsterdam  Paris and Brussels exchanges to form Euronext in September 2000  he became a member of the Executive Committee. He joined the Brussels Stock Exchange in 1992 as Director Markets and Listing  and later became a member of the managing board of the Brussels Exchanges. Vincent Van Dessel started his career as a stockbroker in 1984.Story continuesStéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.  said: “With more than 30 years in leadership positions at Euronext Brussels  of which 14 years as CEO  Vincent Van Dessel has been deeply involved in Euronext’s transformative journey from the start. I would like to thank this passionate professional who has dedicated his career to the stock exchange for his critical contribution to the execution of the Group’s strategy in Belgium and beyond. We are delighted to propose the appointment of Benoît van den Hove as the next CEO and Chairman of Euronext Brussels. His experience as local head of listings  his deep knowledge of market dynamics  and his close connection with the local stakeholders position him well to lead the Brussels operations and teams.”CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachments",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.08,0.2,True,English,"['Benoît van den Hove', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'Euronext Brussels', 'CEO', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Benoît van den Hove', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'global Benelux bank ING', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'relevant regulatory approvals', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'global capital markets', 'strong diverse domestic', 'total product offering', 'international law firm', 'international client base', 'Annual General Meeting', 'capital markets transactions', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'Euronext N.V.', 'main regulated market', 'Brussels Stock Exchange', 'international clients', 'Market Authority', 'market dynamics', 'market capitalisation', 'General Manager', 'Director Markets', 'transparent equity', 'junior markets', 'Euronext Clearing', 'retirement age', 'smooth transition', 'various roles', 'financial sector', 'financing needs', 'company information', 'Executive Committee', 'leadership positions', 'transformative journey', 'passionate professional', 'critical contribution', 'deep knowledge', 'local stakeholders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'regulated exchanges', 'derivatives markets', 'largest centre', 'funds listings', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'Brussels Exchanges', 'Brussels operations', 'Supervisory Board', 'Managing Board', 'Euronext Brussels', 'close connection', 'The Group', 'local head', 'member admission', 'end December', 'two years', 'next CEO', '1 December', '20 years', '17 years', '30 years', '14 years', 'Amsterdam', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '21 February', 'appointment', 'Chairman', '17 May', '1 July', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'experience', 'Belgian', 'interactions', 'regulators', 'Linklaters', 'September', 'January', 'June', 'supervision', 'merger', 'career', 'stockbroker', 'Story', 'start', 'execution', 'strategy', 'teams', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', '70']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lleida-net-obtains-patent-field-070500314.html,Lleida.net obtains a new patent in the field of certification by the Gulf Cooperation Council,MADRID  Spain  Feb. 21  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish publicly traded company Lleida.net (LLN.MC) (ALLLN.PA) (LLEIF.US) has been granted a new patent by...,"Lleida.netMADRID  Spain  Feb. 21  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish publicly traded company Lleida.net (LLN.MC) (ALLLN.PA) (LLEIF.US) has been granted a new patent by the Gulf Cooperation Council (the organization that brings together the main economies in the Middle East).The recognition number 221  granted to the corporation  corresponds to its ""Method for the certification of electronic mail containing a recognized electronic signature on the part of a telecommunications operator"" and has a validity of 20 years. Its reference number is GC0012097.""This patent is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team and allows us to continue to lead in the field of electronic certifications and digital signatures "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company. ""We are convinced that this new patent reinforces our position in key markets such as Dubai or Saudi Arabia  where our electronic certification solutions are already well-received and where we expect to continue to grow "" he added.Recently  the company received recognition from the Danish authorities and from those of the European Union. Lleida.net's growth strategy in the market for electronic signature  notification  and contracting in the countries where it is present and those it plans to be in the future is based on a solid policy of growth in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a strengthening of its internationalization policy.Lleida.net is the European leader in the field of registered electronic signature  notification  and contracting and already has 220 patents received from more than 64 countries around the world. Its portfolio is one of the most solid in the sector worldwide  including the European Union  the United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia  and New Zealand.It is listed on the OTCQX index of New York  Euronext Growth in Paris  and BME Growth in Madrid.CONTACT: Pedrosa IR ir@pedrosa.uk",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Gulf Cooperation Council', 'Lleida.net', 'new patent', 'field', 'certification', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'registered electronic signature', 'electronic certification solutions', 'electronic mail', 'electronic certifications', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'LLN.MC', 'main economies', 'Middle East', 'telecommunications operator', 'reference number', 'hard work', 'digital signatures', 'Sisco Sapena', 'key markets', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Danish authorities', 'European Union', 'solid policy', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'internationalization policy', 'European leader', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'New Zealand', 'OTCQX index', 'New York', 'Pedrosa IR', 'growth strategy', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'new patent', 'Lleida.net', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'Spanish', 'company', 'LLEIF.', 'US', 'organization', 'recognition', 'corporation', 'Method', 'part', 'validity', '20 years', 'testament', 'dedication', 'team', 'field', 'CEO', 'founder', 'position', 'Dubai', 'notification', 'contracting', 'countries', 'future', 'strengthening', '220 patents', 'world', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'China', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Paris', 'CONTACT']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/attractions-industry-expert-tim-samson-133200312.html,Attractions Industry Expert  Tim Samson  Joins Catalate,Catalate is excited to welcome Tim Samson as Director of Sales  North America. Tim has 25 years of experience in the parks and attractions industry  most...,"Catalate's team of park and attractions experts continues to grow.PALO ALTO  Calif.  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Catalate is excited to welcome Tim Samson as Director of Sales  North America. Tim has 25 years of experience in the parks and attractions industry  most notably at Morey's Piers  a classic seaside amusement park in Wildwood  NJ. He brings varied experience across marketing  sales  operations  and analytics  all focused on ensuring highly effective park operations and business growth.Catalate takes the hard work out of selling tickets & passes online.While at Morey's Piers  Tim was instrumental in establishing a partnership with Catalate in implementing Catalate's Dynamic Pricing with Cloud Store e-commerce to increase online revenue and improve operations by incentivizing advanced ticket sales. In their third year of partnership with Catalate  Morey's Piers continues to benefit from predictable online sales growth  world-class customer support  and improved operational efficiency. As a former park operator and Catalate partner  Tim is uniquely suited to educate resorts and attractions considering a new e-commerce and pricing strategy about the benefits of Catalate's platform.Tim is excited to put his expertise to use  helping businesses improve guest experience  streamline operations  and maximize average ticket rates. As Tim puts it  ""I've seen the positive impact that Catalate has. I understand park operators' unique challenges as I've experienced them firsthand; from technology and logistical hurdles to accounting  staffing  and guest service concerns.""Tim is also a member of IAAPA's Marketing and Communications Sub-committee  where he provides meaningful insight into the overarching Park & Attractions Industry. You'll be able to hear from Tim directly through Catalate's IAAPA Education Webinar on Wednesday  Apr 26  2023  at 1:00 PM EDT. Register today to learn how to address your business's greatest challenges and ensure superior guest experiences.Story continuesTim is joining a phenomenal team  which includes ski resort  waterpark  and attraction experts; Lauren Gusanders in the USA  Tony André who directs sales across EMEA  and Andreas Föger in the DACH region.For parks and attractions looking to gain Tim's valuable insight  you can book his time here .About CatalateCatalate  a Canopy Holdings AS (Canopy Holdings  Euronext Growth Oslo:CAN) company  is a global pricing and e-commerce company empowering ski resorts  parks  and attractions to increase online revenue. As the only purpose-built ticketing platform for the industry  Catalate has developed successful strategies for hundreds of partners across $1 billion in online sales.Media Contact: Katie Bottrell  katie@catalate.comCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/attractions-industry-expert-tim-samson-joins-catalate-301749974.htmlSOURCE Catalate Commerce",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.11,0.39,True,English,"['Attractions Industry Expert', 'Tim Samson', 'Catalate', 'classic seaside amusement park', 'predictable online sales growth', 'world-class customer support', 'average ticket rates', 'Andreas Föger', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'guest service concerns', 'superior guest experiences', 'former park operator', 'Cloud Store e-commerce', 'advanced ticket sales', 'IAAPA Education Webinar', 'Canopy Holdings AS', 'built ticketing platform', 'SOURCE Catalate Commerce', 'effective park operations', 'overarching Park', 'business growth', 'online revenue', 'new e-commerce', 'PALO ALTO', 'North America', 'hard work', 'Dynamic Pricing', 'third year', 'operational efficiency', 'pricing strategy', 'positive impact', 'unique challenges', 'logistical hurdles', 'Communications Sub-committee', 'meaningful insight', 'greatest challenges', 'ski resort', 'attraction experts', 'Lauren Gusanders', 'Tony André', 'DACH region', 'valuable insight', 'global pricing', 'successful strategies', 'Media Contact', 'Katie Bottrell', 'original content', 'e-commerce company', 'varied experience', 'attractions experts', 'Catalate partner', 'attractions industry', 'Tim Samson', 'resorts', 'team', 'Calif.', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Director', '25 years', 'parks', 'Morey', 'Piers', 'Wildwood', 'NJ.', 'marketing', 'analytics', 'highly', 'tickets', 'partnership', 'benefits', 'expertise', 'businesses', 'technology', 'accounting', 'staffing', 'member', 'Wednesday', 'Apr', 'Story', 'waterpark', 'EMEA', 'time', 'purpose', 'hundreds', 'Cision', 'news-releases', 'attractions-industry-expert', '1:00']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-Benoit-van-den-Hove-to-succeed-Vincent-Van-Dessel-as-CEO-of-Euronext-Brussels-43044406/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Euronext N : Benoît van den Hove to succeed Vincent Van Dessel as CEO of Euronext Brussels,(marketscreener.com)      Contacts Media                 Contact Investor Relations     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-Benoit-van-den-Hove-to-succeed-Vincent-Van-Dessel-as-CEO-of-…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Benoît van den Hove to succeed Vincent Van Dessel as CEO of Euronext BrusselsAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 21 February 2023 - Euronext today announced that the Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V. will propose the appointment of Benoît van den Hove as CEO and Chairman of Euronext Brussels and member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.  at Euronext's Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2023. As he will reach retirement age in December 2023  Vincent Van Dessel will step down as CEO of Euronext Brussels on 1 July 2023 and as Chairman of Euronext Brussels on 1 December 2023.Benoît van den Hove  who is currently Head of Listing for Belgium and Luxembourg at Euronext  will become CEO of Euronext Brussels as of 1 July 2023  subject to relevant regulatory approvals  and will work closely with Vincent Van Dessel to ensure a smooth transition  until he replaces him as Chairman of the Board of Euronext Brussels as of 1 December 2023.Benoît van den Hove has been Head of Listing at Euronext Brussels since July 2018. Benoît has more than 20 years of experience in various roles in the financial sector  advising Belgian and international clients on their financing needs through capital markets transactions and interactions with regulators. Prior to joining Euronext  he spent 17 years at global Benelux bank ING  and two years at international law firm Linklaters.Vincent Van Dessel has been the CEO of Euronext Brussels since September 2009. From 2003 to 2009  Vincent was General Manager of Euronext Brussels. From January 2000 to June 2003  he was Chairman of the Market Authority of the Brussels Exchanges  responsible for member admission  listing  company information and the supervision of the markets. Upon the merger of the Amsterdam  Paris and Brussels exchanges to form Euronext in September 2000  he became a member of the Executive Committee. He joined the Brussels Stock Exchange in 1992 as Director Markets and Listing  and later became a member of the managing board of the Brussels Exchanges. Vincent Van Dessel started his career as a stockbroker in 1984.Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.  said: ""With more than 30 years in leadership positions at Euronext Brussels  of which 14 years as CEO  Vincent Van Dessel has been deeply involved in Euronext's transformative journey from the start. I would like to thank this passionate professional who has dedicated his career to the stock exchange for his critical contribution to the execution of the Group's strategy in Belgium and beyond. We are delighted to propose the appointment of Benoît van den Hove as the next CEO and Chairman of Euronext Brussels. His experience as local head of listings  his deep knowledge of market dynamics  and his close connection with the local stakeholders position him well to lead the Brussels operations and teams.""CONTACTS MEDIA - mediateam@euronext.comPascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com| 1 of 2",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Benoît van den Hove', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'Euronext N', 'Euronext Brussels', 'CEO', 'Benoît van den Hove', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'global Benelux bank ING', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'relevant regulatory approvals', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Annual General Meeting', 'international law firm', 'capital markets transactions', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Brussels Stock Exchange', 'international clients', 'General Manager', 'retirement age', 'smooth transition', 'various roles', 'financial sector', 'financing needs', 'Market Authority', 'company information', 'Executive Committee', 'Director Markets', 'leadership positions', 'transformative journey', 'passionate professional', 'critical contribution', 'deep knowledge', 'market dynamics', 'close connection', 'local stakeholders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Brussels Exchanges', 'Brussels operations', 'Supervisory Board', 'Managing Board', 'Euronext Brussels', 'local head', 'member admission', 'two years', 'next CEO', '20 years', '17 years', '30 years', '14 years', 'Amsterdam', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '21 February', 'appointment', 'Chairman', '17 May', 'December', '1 July', 'Listing', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'experience', 'Belgian', 'interactions', 'regulators', 'Linklaters', 'September', 'January', 'June', 'supervision', 'merger', 'career', 'stockbroker', 'start', 'execution', 'Group', 'strategy', 'teams']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-to-appoint-new-CEO-chairman-of-Brussels-branch-43044545/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Euronext to appoint new CEO  chairman of Brussels branch,(marketscreener.com) Euronext said on Tuesday that it will appoint Benoit van den Hove as chief executive and chairman of Euronext Brussels  subject to approval by the supervisory board during the firm's annual general meeting on May 17. https://www.marketscr…,He will succeed Vincent Van Dessel as chief executive of Euronext Brussels on July 1 and as Chairman of Euronext Brussels on Dec. 1  Euronext said in statement.Benoit van den Hove is currently head of listing for Belgium and Luxembourg at Euronext.(Reporting by Dina Kartit  edited by Charlotte Van Campenhout and Tomasz Janowski),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new CEO', 'Brussels branch', 'Euronext', 'chairman', 'Benoit van den Hove', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'Charlotte Van Campenhout', 'chief executive', 'Dina Kartit', 'Tomasz Janowski', 'Euronext Brussels', 'July', 'Chairman', 'Dec.', 'statement', 'head', 'listing', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Reporting']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mdxhealth-shareholder-transparency-declaration-213000667.html,MDxHealth Shareholder Transparency Declaration,NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 21  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CET IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – 21 February 2023 – MDxHealth SA (Nasdaq and...,"mdxhealthNEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 21  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – 21 February 2023 – MDxHealth SA (Nasdaq and Euronext Brussels: MDXH) (the ""Company"" or ""mdxhealth"")  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  announces today in accordance with Article 14 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of important participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that it received the following notification.The Company was notified that the number of shares with respect to which Bleichroeder LP can exercise voting rights crossed below the threshold of 15% of the outstanding shares and voting rights of mdxhealth on 03 February 2023. Notably  it follows from the notification that an aggregate of 38 783 335 shares of mdxhealth  representing 14.75% of the 262 880 936 outstanding shares and voting rights of mdxhealth  is held through the following entities: 21 April Fund LP (8 024 518 shares)  21 April Fund LTD (20 342 162 shares)  Hill Family Alternative Investments LLC (10 000 000 shares)  and White Clover SA (416 670 shares) (the ""Funds""). The notification also stated that the voting rights attached to the shares are exercised on behalf of the Funds by the investment adviser Bleichroeder LP  a Delaware limited partnership  at its discretion  in the absence of specific instructions  that Bleichroeder Holdings LLC  a Delaware limited liability company  is the general partner of Bleichroeder LP  that  as the general partner  Bleichroeder Holdings LLC holds control over voting rights of Bleichroeder LP  and that Bleichroeder Holdings LLC is not a controlled entity.For further information  reference is made to the information published on mdxhealth's website (http://www.mdxhealth.com/investors/shareholder-information).Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights attached to the securities held by such persons in the Company reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.Story continuesAbout mdxhealth®mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comNOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.61,0.29,0.1,True,English,"['MDxHealth Shareholder Transparency Declaration', 'Hill Family Alternative Investments LLC', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Delaware limited liability company', 'Delaware limited partnership', '21 April Fund LTD', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'Bleichroeder Holdings LLC', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'other urologic diseases', 'U.S. headquarters', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'White Clover SA', '21 April Fund LP', 'additional laboratory operations', 'actionable molecular information', 'Belgian Act', 'Bleichroeder LP', 'European headquarters', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'important participations', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'voting rights', 'investment adviser', 'specific instructions', 'general partner', 'controlled entity', 'Markets Authority', 'The Company', 'The Netherlands', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'other trademarks', 'service marks', 'respective owners', 'MDxHealth SA', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following entities', 'legal persons', 'total number', 'patient diagnosis', 'Resolve mdx', 'Monitor mdx', 'outstanding shares', 'mdxhealth logo', '38,783,335 shares', '024,518 shares', '0,000,000 shares', '416,670 shares', 'mdxhealth®', 'FEBRUARY', '30 CET', 'IRVINE', 'CA', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'Nasdaq', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'threshold', 'aggregate', 'Funds', 'behalf', 'discretion', 'absence', 'reference', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholder-information', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'percentage', 'securities', 'Story', 'treatment', 'tests', 'epigenetic', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'NOTE', 'GPS', 'registered', 'property', 'Attachment', '4:30', '22']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2612739/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-AAAAI-2023-Congress.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress,Montrouge  France  February 21  2023      DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress      DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN:......,"English FrenchMontrouge  France  February 21  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 CongressDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation at the American Academy of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology (AAAAI) Annual Scientific meeting  taking place February 24-27 in San Antonio  TX. Two scientific poster presentations have been accepted on efficacy and safety data from subgroups of patients from the Phase 3 EPITOPE study. DBV will also host a booth in the AAAAI exhibit hall (#1826).The clinical data to be presented will discuss the efficacy and safety profile of epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) with Viaskin Peanut 250 µg from the Phase 3 EPITOPE study in peanut-allergic children aged 1-3 years with and without certain comorbid atopic conditions. One poster compares efficacy and safety data in children with and without concomitant food allergies  while the second poster focuses on children with and without atopic dermatitis.This year’s meeting will also feature a non-CME Product Theater on the Immunological Role of the Skin in Food Allergy. Professors Dr. Hugh Sampson  MD from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Dr. Cecilia Berin  Ph.D.  Bunning Professor for Food Allergy Research from the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University  will discuss immune properties of the skin as they relate to food allergy and the putative mechanism of epicutaneous immunotherapy  a novel approach to allergen desensitization that leverages the skin’s immunological functions. The Product Theater is scheduled for Saturday  February 25  from 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. CST in the AAAAI Annual Meeting Exhibit Hall 2  lobby level.DBV is also proud to sponsor the AAAAI Fellows-in-Training (FIT) Program reception. The private reception will be open to current allergy/immunology Fellows-in-Training on Friday  February 24  from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. CST at the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter  Third Floor  Grand E.“We are proud to showcase the Phase 3 efficacy and safety data of our epicutaneous immunotherapy in peanut-allergic toddlers aged 1 – 3 years with either concomitant food allergy or atopic dermatitis at the AAAAI annual meeting  as these are common comorbid allergic conditions in young children with peanut allergy ” said Dr. Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer of DBV Technologies. “The results demonstrate consistency in safety and efficacy across multiple patient groups  further validating the potential benefit of using the Viaskin™ platform for the treatment of peanut allergy in young children. We are excited to bring this innovative therapy to the forefront of the medical community and look forward to continued research in peanut-allergic patients.""DBV Abstracts:Scientific PresentationsBoth e-posters will be accompanied by recorded author presentations and will be available on-demand at https://annualmeeting.aaaai.org/ beginning on Friday  February 24  2023.Please note that only registered attendees will be able to access the poster hall  which is available through the virtual AAAAI platform. Following the conclusion of the meeting  these presentations will be available on DBV’s website  www.dbv-technologies.com  for those who are unable to attend.Poster Presentations“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Concomitant Food Allergies in the EPITOPE Study” will be presented by David Fleischer  M.D.  Associate Professor of Pediatrics at Children’s Hospital Colorado.Presentation ID: A082Session Title: Food Immunotherapy: Outcome and MechanismPresentation Date: Friday  February 24  2023Presentation Time: 3:15 p.m. – 4:15 p.m. ESTPresentation Location: Convention Center  Lobby Level  Hall 2“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Atopic Dermatitis in the EPITOPE Study” will be presented by Amy Scurlock  M.D.  Associate Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences and Arkansas Children’s Hospital.Presentation ID: A085Session Title: Food Immunotherapy: Outcome and MechanismPresentation Date: Friday  February 24  2023Presentation Time: 3:15 p.m. – 4:15 p.m. ESTPresentation Location: Convention Center  Lobby Level  Hall 2About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress', 'DBV Technologies', 'AAAAI Annual Meeting Exhibit Hall', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'common comorbid allergic conditions', 'San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter', 'AAAAI) Annual Scientific meeting', 'Two scientific poster presentations', 'AAAAI exhibit hall', 'concomitant food allergies', 'comorbid atopic conditions', 'virtual AAAAI platform', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'CME Product Theater', 'Dr. Hugh Sampson', 'Dr. Cecilia Berin', 'The Product Theater', 'Dr. Pharis Mohideen', 'multiple patient groups', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress', 'FIT) Program reception', 'current allergy/immunology Fellows', 'broad potential applications', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'food allergic patients', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'concomitant food allergy', 'Phase 3 EPITOPE study', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'Food Allergy Research', 'AAAAI Fellows', 'Scientific Presentations', 'aaaai.org', 'poster hall', 'Food Immunotherapy', 'Viaskin™ platform', 'upcoming participation', 'clinical data', 'private reception', 'potential benefit', 'One poster', 'second poster', 'medical community', 'Medical Sciences', 'atopic dermatitis', 'author presentations', 'peanut allergy', 'English French', 'American Academy', 'Immunological Role', 'Icahn School', 'Mount Sinai', 'Ph.D.', 'Bunning Professor', 'Feinberg School', 'immune properties', 'novel approach', 'allergen desensitization', 'immunological functions', 'lobby level', 'Third Floor', 'Grand E.', 'peanut-allergic toddlers', 'innovative therapy', 'peanut-allergic patients', 'DBV Abstracts', 'registered attendees', '1-3 Years', 'David Fleischer', 'M.D.', 'Associate Professor', 'Presentation ID', 'Session Title', 'Presentation Date', 'Presentation Time', 'Presentation Location', 'Convention Center', 'Amy Scurlock', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'new class', 'global headquarters', 'North Am', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Phase 3 efficacy', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'safety data', 'safety profile', 'peanut-allergic children', 'young children', 'Northwestern University', 'Hospital Colorado', 'putative mechanism', 'intact skin', 'Arkansas Children', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Asthma', 'place', 'TX', 'subgroups', 'booth', 'µg', 'Professors', 'MD', 'Medicine', 'Saturday', '10:00 a', '10:30 a', 'Training', 'Friday', 'results', 'consistency', 'treatment', 'forefront', 'posters', 'demand', 'conclusion', 'website', 'Subjects', 'Pediatrics', 'Outcome', 'EPIT™', 'care', '5:00', '6:00', '3:15', '4:15']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611712/0/en/VEON-s-Beeline-Brings-4G-Connectivity-to-Tashkent-Metro.html,VEON’s Beeline Brings 4G Connectivity to Tashkent Metro,Amsterdam  Netherlands  21 February 2023 07:00 CET – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides......,Amsterdam  Netherlands  21 February 2023 07:00 CET – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that Beeline  its digital operator in Uzbekistan  has launched mobile connectivity across the metro service of the capital city Tashkent.The new Beeline Uzbekistan coverage will provide 4G connectivity at all 31 underground stations on the four lines of the metro service. In 2022  the Tashkent metro enabled 220 million passenger journeys  or a daily average of approximately 620 000 riders.“While cities like London and New York are still struggling to provide mobile connectivity across their Underground and Subway stations  we are proud to be delivering digital communication and services to the Tashkent metro ” states Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group. “We are pioneering the digital operator model where we support our customers with connectivity and services for all of the one thousand four hundred and forty minutes that constitutes each day. For the people of Tashkent that now includes the time they spend in transit in the city’s metro.”Expansion of 4G coverage to the Tashkent metro is part of Beeline Uzbekistan’s ‘4G for all’ strategy  which saw the roll out some 2 300 4G base stations  and a 16-percentagepoint increase in the operator’s 4G population coverage in 2022. The 4G connectivity will enable Beeline Uzbekistan customers to access the full range of services provided by the digital operator including Beeline’s entertainment and financial services.“Our customers can now access messages  call friends and family  listen to music and podcasts  and even watch their favourite TV shows in high resolution at all stations of the Tashkent metro ” explains Andrzej Malinowski  CEO of Beeline Uzbekistan. “Through this investment we are building the technology infrastructure of Uzbekistan and the status of Tashkent as an IT hub for the Central Asian region  while also advancing the city and country as a major tourist destination.”The Beeline Uzbekistan network for the Tashkent Metro was developed using the UZTELECOM infrastructure based on the MORAN (Multi Operator RAN) active equipment sharing technology.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the transactions referred to above will be successfully completed or that requisite approvals for these transactions will be received. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.comGroup Communication Senior ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['4G Connectivity', 'Tashkent Metro', 'VEON', 'Beeline', 'MORAN (Multi Operator RAN) active equipment sharing technology', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'one thousand four hundred', 'Group Communication Senior Manager', 'The Beeline Uzbekistan network', 'new Beeline Uzbekistan coverage', 'favourite TV shows', 'Central Asian region', 'major tourist destination', 'seven dynamic markets', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'digital operator model', 'global digital operator', 'greater digital inclusion', '220 million passenger journeys', 'Beeline Uzbekistan customers', '2,300 4G base stations', '4G population coverage', 'technology infrastructure', 'digital communication', '4G coverage', 'four lines', 'New York', '200 million customers', '4G connectivity', 'daily average', 'Subway stations', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'forty minutes', '16-percentagepoint increase', 'full range', 'high resolution', 'Andrzej Malinowski', 'IT hub', 'UZTELECOM infrastructure', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'requisite approvals', 'Nik Kershaw', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'metro service', 'converged connectivity', 'mobile connectivity', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd.', 'online services', '31 underground stations', 'Tashkent metro', 'financial services', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'capital city', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', '07:00 CET', 'NASDAQ', '620,000 riders', 'cities', 'London', 'CEO', 'day', 'people', 'time', 'transit', 'Expansion', 'strategy', 'roll', 'entertainment', 'messages', 'friends', 'family', 'music', 'podcasts', 'investment', 'status', 'country', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'closing', 'transactions', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'Elements']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2612566/0/en/Beno%C3%AEt-van-den-Hove-to-succeed-Vincent-Van-Dessel-as-CEO-of-Euronext-Brussels.html,Benoît van den Hove to succeed Vincent Van Dessel as CEO of Euronext Brussels,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Benoît van den Hove to succeed Vincent Van Dessel as CEO of Euronext BrusselsAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 21 February 2023 – Euronext today announced that the Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V. will propose the appointment of Benoît van den Hove as CEO and Chairman of Euronext Brussels and member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.  at Euronext’s Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2023. As he will reach retirement age in December 2023  Vincent Van Dessel will step down as CEO of Euronext Brussels on 1 July 2023 and as Chairman of Euronext Brussels on 1 December 2023.Benoît van den Hove  who is currently Head of Listing for Belgium and Luxembourg at Euronext  will become CEO of Euronext Brussels as of 1 July 2023  subject to relevant regulatory approvals  and will work closely with Vincent Van Dessel to ensure a smooth transition  until he replaces him as Chairman of the Board of Euronext Brussels as of 1 December 2023.Benoît van den Hove has been Head of Listing at Euronext Brussels since July 2018. Benoît has more than 20 years of experience in various roles in the financial sector  advising Belgian and international clients on their financing needs through capital markets transactions and interactions with regulators. Prior to joining Euronext  he spent 17 years at global Benelux bank ING  and two years at international law firm Linklaters.Vincent Van Dessel has been the CEO of Euronext Brussels since September 2009. From 2003 to 2009  Vincent was General Manager of Euronext Brussels. From January 2000 to June 2003  he was Chairman of the Market Authority of the Brussels Exchanges  responsible for member admission  listing  company information and the supervision of the markets. Upon the merger of the Amsterdam  Paris and Brussels exchanges to form Euronext in September 2000  he became a member of the Executive Committee. He joined the Brussels Stock Exchange in 1992 as Director Markets and Listing  and later became a member of the managing board of the Brussels Exchanges. Vincent Van Dessel started his career as a stockbroker in 1984.Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.  said: “With more than 30 years in leadership positions at Euronext Brussels  of which 14 years as CEO  Vincent Van Dessel has been deeply involved in Euronext’s transformative journey from the start. I would like to thank this passionate professional who has dedicated his career to the stock exchange for his critical contribution to the execution of the Group’s strategy in Belgium and beyond. We are delighted to propose the appointment of Benoît van den Hove as the next CEO and Chairman of Euronext Brussels. His experience as local head of listings  his deep knowledge of market dynamics  and his close connection with the local stakeholders position him well to lead the Brussels operations and teams.”CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachments",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.06,0.23,True,English,"['Benoît van den Hove', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'Euronext Brussels', 'CEO', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Benoît van den Hove', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'global Benelux bank ING', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'relevant regulatory approvals', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'global capital markets', 'strong diverse domestic', 'total product offering', 'international law firm', 'international client base', 'Annual General Meeting', 'capital markets transactions', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'Euronext N.V.', 'main regulated market', 'Brussels Stock Exchange', 'international clients', 'Market Authority', 'market dynamics', 'market capitalisation', 'General Manager', 'Director Markets', 'transparent equity', 'junior markets', 'Euronext Clearing', 'retirement age', 'smooth transition', 'various roles', 'financial sector', 'financing needs', 'company information', 'Executive Committee', 'leadership positions', 'transformative journey', 'passionate professional', 'critical contribution', 'deep knowledge', 'local stakeholders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'regulated exchanges', 'derivatives markets', 'largest centre', 'funds listings', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'Brussels Exchanges', 'Brussels operations', 'Supervisory Board', 'Managing Board', 'Euronext Brussels', 'close connection', 'The Group', 'local head', 'member admission', 'end December', 'two years', 'next CEO', '1 December', '20 years', '17 years', '30 years', '14 years', 'Amsterdam', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '21 February', 'appointment', 'Chairman', '17 May', '1 July', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'experience', 'Belgian', 'interactions', 'regulators', 'Linklaters', 'September', 'January', 'June', 'supervision', 'merger', 'career', 'stockbroker', 'start', 'execution', 'strategy', 'teams', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'running', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', '24']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000366.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2483 £ 24.0138 Estimated MTD return -0.06 % 0.01 % Estimated YTD return -1.88 % -1.69 % Estimated ITD return 172.48 % 140.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.53 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.88 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.0785 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.1782The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-pediatric-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-301750968.html,Pharming announces first patient enrolled in pediatric clinical trial of leniolisib,"The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiency LEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterd…","The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM)/(Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase III clinical trial (NCT05438407) evaluating the investigational drug leniolisib  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  in children with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS). There is currently no approved treatment for this complex and progressive disease caused by genetic variants.At sites in the United States  Europe  and Japan  the single-arm  open-label  multinational clinical trial will evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of leniolisib in approximately 15 children aged 4 to 11 years who have a confirmed APDS diagnosis. The study's primary efficacy endpoints are a reduction in index lymph node size and an increased proportion of naïve B cells out of total B cells from baseline at 12 weeks. Secondary endpoints include an assessment of the ability of leniolisib to modify health-related quality of life based on measures of physical  social  emotional  and school functioning using a validated patient questionnaire.Pharming plans to initiate a similar clinical trial in the third quarter of 2023 that will include children aged 1 to 6 years  with APDS  to evaluate a new pediatric formulation of leniolisib. Eligible patients enrolled in either of the pediatric trials will continue to receive leniolisib for a year after the initial 12-week treatment period through an open-label extension trial.Manish Butte  MD  PhD  E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair  Professor with tenure in the Department of Pediatrics  and Division Chief of Immunology  Allergy  and Rheumatology at UCLA  commented:""In treating APDS  the current standard of care is to use an array of supportive therapies. While these therapies can treat some of the manifestations of APDS  they do not target the underlying cause of the disease. Pharming's studies of leniolisib in children with APDS are important for evaluating the possibility of minimizing symptoms earlier in the disease progression.""Pharming's program for the clinical development of leniolisib in pediatric APDS is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III clinical trial that investigated the drug as a treatment for patients with the disease aged 12 years and older. As announced on February 2  2022  and recently detailed in Blood1  the international medical journal of the American Society of Hematology  the trial met both its co-primary endpoints  with patients who took leniolisib versus placebo achieving significant reductions in lymphoproliferation as measured by index lymph node size and increases in immunophenotype corrections as measured by the percentage of naïve B cells in peripheral blood.During the first half of 2022  positive opinions were received from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) on the Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for leniolisib as a treatment for APDS in children. The PIP(s) included the plans for both pediatric clinical trials.Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""I am pleased we have initiated the first trial in our Phase III pediatric clinical program evaluating leniolisib in children with APDS  and I look forward to our second pediatric trial getting underway. Building on the encouraging findings from our successful Phase II/III study in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  we are committed to bringing leniolisib to even younger patients with the goal of intervening before they develop immune-related symptoms likely to progress throughout their lives. While continuing to focus on patients of all ages with APDS  we are dedicated to collaborating with regulatory authorities with the goal of generating regulatory filings to gain approval that could support the treatment of children under 12 years of age who are living with this disease.""Based on the Phase II/III trial results and long-term open-label extension data  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is conducting a priority review of Pharming's New Drug Application for leniolisib as a treatment for adolescents and adults with APDS and has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of March 29  2023. In addition  Pharming's Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib in the same patient population is under evaluation by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Pharming expects that the CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesRao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21 . Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan MetelenisE: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.comT: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan CaleyE: Dan.caley@aprilsix.comT: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgThe content and accuracy of news releases published on this site and/or distributed by PR Newswire or its partners are the sole responsibility of the originating company or organisation. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of our services  such releases are not actively monitored or reviewed by PR Newswire or its partners and under no circumstances shall PR Newswire or its partners be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the use of such information. All information should be checked prior to publication.SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.13,0.38,True,English,"['pediatric clinical trial', 'first patient', 'Pharming', 'leniolisib', 'E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'single-arm, open-label, multinational clinical trial', 'Phase III pediatric clinical program', 'multinational Phase III study', 'index lymph node size', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Phase II/III trial results', 'successful Phase II/III study', 'naïve B cells', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'long-term open-label extension data', 'initial 12-week treatment period', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'open-label extension trial', '3-kinase delta syndrome', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'total B cells', 'similar clinical trial', 'second pediatric trial', 'pediatric clinical trials', 'new pediatric formulation', 'international medical journal', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Pediatric Investigation Plan', 'U.S. Food', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'New Drug Application', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'white blood cells', 'same patient population', 'The PIP(s', 'PDUFA) goal date', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'investigational drug leniolisib', 'clinical development', 'pediatric trials', 'first trial', 'primary endpoints', 'positive data', 'Medicinal Products', 'Drug Administration', 'UK Medicines', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory filings', 'Division Chief', 'first patient', 'Secondary endpoints', 'patient questionnaire', 'pediatric APDS', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'United States', 'increased proportion', 'health-related quality', 'school functioning', 'third quarter', 'Manish Butte', 'current standard', 'supportive therapies', 'underlying cause', 'American Society', 'significant reductions', 'immunophenotype corrections', 'peripheral blood', 'first half', 'positive opinions', 'Anurag Relan', 'encouraging findings', 'priority review', 'Human Use', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', '4 to 11 years', '1 to 6 years', 'genetic variants', 'immune-related symptoms', 'progressive disease', 'disease progression', 'Eligible patients', 'younger patients', 'leniolisib tablets', 'APDS diagnosis', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib MAA', '12 years', 'children', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'Nasdaq', 'complex', 'sites', 'Japan', 'tolerability', 'baseline', '12 weeks', 'assessment', 'life', 'measures', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'tenure', 'Department', 'Pediatrics', 'Immunology', 'Allergy', 'Rheumatology', 'UCLA', 'array', 'manifestations', 'studies', 'possibility', 'February', 'Hematology', 'placebo', 'increases', 'percentage', 'MHRA', 'lives', 'ages', 'approval', 'FDA', 'adolescents', 'adults', 'March', 'addition', 'evaluation', 'CHMP', '2H', 'million', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', '2022']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.co.uk
18919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-wins-landmark-exclusive-21-year-advertising-street-furniture-contract-in-Tallinn-the-capit-43044092/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,JCDecaux wins landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract in Tallinn  the capital city of Estonia,(marketscreener.com)  JCDecaux wins landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract in Tallinn  the capital city of Estonia Paris  February 21st  2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that…,"JCDecaux wins landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract in Tallinn  the capital city of EstoniaParis  February 21st  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that JCDecaux Eesti OÜ  its Estonian subsidiary  has won an exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract with Tallinn – population 452 000  the capital city of Estonia.The contract includes the installation and maintenance of 1 200 bus shelters  34 self-cleaning toilets  and 141 free-standing City-Light-Poster displays. Part of the media portfolio in Tallinn’s vibrant city centre will be digitised.Mr. Mihhail Kõlvart  the Mayor of Tallinn  said: “This procurement was the first of its kind in Estonia  in which the procuring party considered the design and quality of the structure to be more important than the rent. In cooperation with JCDecaux Eesti OÜ  which won the tender  we seek to acquire high-quality and passenger-friendly street furniture that has been specially designed for the city of Tallinn. The accessible outdoor toilets  which will be added to the public space  are also important for the city of Tallinn.”Jean-Francois Decaux  Co-chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: ""Tallinn is an important and modern technological hub  a popular tourist destination  as well as the European Green Capital in 2023. We are very pleased to continue the long-term partnership with the city of Tallinn which started in 2007  by offering high-quality products and services to its citizens and visitors. In this public procurement process  the final tender evaluation was 100% based on non-financial criteria  such as design  including functionality and quality  where JCDecaux was the best respondent. This contract is the perfect example of our street furniture business model which is about the beautification of the streetscape and first-class maintenance of services provided at no cost to taxpayers. With this contract  we will pursue our successful strategy of focusing on premium advertising networks providing unique and high-quality advertising opportunities to advertisers. This will pave the way to increase our market share of total media spend which currently stands at more than 5% in Estonia.""Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy) Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   Linkedin   Facebook   Instagram and Youtube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract', 'capital city', 'JCDecaux', 'Tallinn', 'Estonia', 'landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract', 'street furniture business model', 'Mr. Mihhail Kõlvart', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'passenger-friendly street furniture', 'Home Media company', '141 free-standing City-Light-Poster displays', 'Co-chief Executive Officer', 'modern technological hub', 'popular tourist destination', 'Platinum Medal status', 'premium advertising networks', 'total media spend', 'European Green Capital', 'final tender evaluation', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'accessible outdoor toilets', 'high-quality advertising opportunities', 'vibrant city centre', 'public procurement process', 'JCDecaux Eesti OÜ', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', 'media portfolio', '34 self-cleaning toilets', 'public space', 'capital city', 'Estonian subsidiary', '1,200 bus shelters', 'procuring party', 'Jean-Francois Decaux', 'long-term partnership', 'high-quality products', 'financial criteria', 'best respondent', 'perfect example', 'successful strategy', 'market share', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'first-class maintenance', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', 'Tallinn', 'February', 'number', 'population', 'installation', 'Mayor', 'kind', 'design', 'structure', 'cooperation', 'important', 'services', 'citizens', 'visitors', 'functionality', 'beautification', 'streetscape', 'cost', 'taxpayers', 'unique', 'advertisers', 'way', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', '1 st', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2612498/0/en/JCDecaux-wins-landmark-exclusive-21-year-advertising-street-furniture-contract-in-Tallinn-the-capital-city-of-Estonia.html,JCDecaux wins landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract in Tallinn  the capital city of Estonia,JCDecaux wins landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract in Tallinn  the capital city of Estonia     Paris  February 21st  2023 –......,"English FrenchJCDecaux wins landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract in Tallinn  the capital city of EstoniaParis  February 21st  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that JCDecaux Eesti OÜ  its Estonian subsidiary  has won an exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract with Tallinn – population 452 000  the capital city of Estonia.The contract includes the installation and maintenance of 1 200 bus shelters  34 self-cleaning toilets  and 141 free-standing City-Light-Poster displays. Part of the media portfolio in Tallinn’s vibrant city centre will be digitised.Mr. Mihhail Kõlvart  the Mayor of Tallinn  said: “This procurement was the first of its kind in Estonia  in which the procuring party considered the design and quality of the structure to be more important than the rent. In cooperation with JCDecaux Eesti OÜ  which won the tender  we seek to acquire high-quality and passenger-friendly street furniture that has been specially designed for the city of Tallinn. The accessible outdoor toilets  which will be added to the public space  are also important for the city of Tallinn.”Jean-Francois Decaux  Co-chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: ""Tallinn is an important and modern technological hub  a popular tourist destination  as well as the European Green Capital in 2023. We are very pleased to continue the long-term partnership with the city of Tallinn which started in 2007  by offering high-quality products and services to its citizens and visitors. In this public procurement process  the final tender evaluation was 100% based on non-financial criteria  such as design  including functionality and quality  where JCDecaux was the best respondent. This contract is the perfect example of our street furniture business model which is about the beautification of the streetscape and first-class maintenance of services provided at no cost to taxpayers. With this contract  we will pursue our successful strategy of focusing on premium advertising networks providing unique and high-quality advertising opportunities to advertisers. This will pave the way to increase our market share of total media spend which currently stands at more than 5% in Estonia.""Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy) Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   Linkedin   Facebook   Instagram and Youtube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract', 'capital city', 'JCDecaux', 'Tallinn', 'Estonia', 'landmark exclusive 21-year advertising street furniture contract', 'street furniture business model', 'Mr. Mihhail Kõlvart', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'passenger-friendly street furniture', 'Home Media company', '141 free-standing City-Light-Poster displays', 'Co-chief Executive Officer', 'modern technological hub', 'popular tourist destination', 'Platinum Medal status', 'premium advertising networks', 'total media spend', 'European Green Capital', 'final tender evaluation', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'accessible outdoor toilets', 'high-quality advertising opportunities', 'vibrant city centre', 'public procurement process', 'JCDecaux Eesti OÜ', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', 'media portfolio', '34 self-cleaning toilets', 'public space', 'English French', 'capital city', 'Estonian subsidiary', '1,200 bus shelters', 'procuring party', 'Jean-Francois Decaux', 'long-term partnership', 'high-quality products', 'financial criteria', 'best respondent', 'perfect example', 'successful strategy', 'market share', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'first-class maintenance', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', 'Tallinn', 'February', 'number', 'population', 'installation', 'Mayor', 'kind', 'design', 'structure', 'cooperation', 'important', 'services', 'citizens', 'visitors', 'functionality', 'beautification', 'streetscape', 'cost', 'taxpayers', 'unique', 'advertisers', 'way', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', '1 st', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DATRIX-S-P-A-130269493/news/Datrix-S-p-A-Enrico-Zio-is-the-new-Scientific-Director-of-the-Datrix-Group-43038614/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Datrix S p A : Enrico Zio is the new Scientific Director of the Datrix Group,(marketscreener.com)  HomePress releasesEnrico Zio is the ne ...    Enrico Zio is the new Scientific Director of the Datrix Group   Greta Lomaestro21 Feb 2023     Datrix S.p.A.  listed on Euronext Growth Milan and specialized in developing Augmen…,"Datrix S.p.A.(""Datrix"")  listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker DATA  ISIN code IT000546837) and specialized in developing Augmented Analytics solutions and services based on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Models to enhance companies' data-driven growth  has just announced its new Scientific Director: Prof. Enrico Zio.The appointment follows the acquisition of Aramis Srl (""Aramis"") by Datrix   made official on February 1  2023 (see the press release). This transaction has combined the valuable skills of Aramis and 3rdPlace  a company that was already part of the Datrix Group  to launch a new player - ""Aramix"" - focused on descriptive  predictive and prescriptive data science models that applies AI to management and industrial processes  to make them more efficient.Enrico Zio  former President and Scientific Director of the Research and Development activities carried out by Aramis  is a leading figure in the international academic scenario. He is the author and co-author of seven books and more than 500 articles in international journals; he is also President and Vice-President of numerous international conferences  Associate Editor and referent of many international journals.Professor Zio was awarded the international Humboldt Research Award in 2020  one of the most prestigious research scientific awards  and for years he has been included in the World's Top 2% Scientists list by the Stanford University based on quantity  quality and impact of the scientific work produced.Enrico Zio's entry into the Datrix Group contributes to a significant enhancement of the company's skills  in order to face increasingly complex and competitive contexts  both in Italy and abroad. At the same time  the new and innovative reality of Aramix - led by its Principal Andrea Ronchi - will capitalize on the profound skills acquired by Aramis over many years of scientific research and industrial development  synergically with the excellent IT and Machine Learning & Model Serving by Datrix.The CEO of Datrix  Fabrizio Milano d'Aragona  comments: ""An experienced professional and scientist such as Enrico Zio enhances our positioning and enables the integration of deep skills acquired by Aramis in many years of scientific research and industrial development with the field-proven IT and Machine Learning & Model Serving skills of Datrix  according with the strategic vision and mission of the Group. Datrix thus becomes even more of a leader in the field of innovation  as a competent partner to meet the needs of the contemporary and future industrial world as well. Furthermore it empowers the research contribution thanks to the increasingly close relationship with Universities and Research Centers  increasing the ability to attract and train new talents"".Professor Zio's research is aimed at the study and development of innovative and effective methods for modeling the failure-repair-maintenance behavior of complex industrial components and systems  to analyze and characterize their reliability  maintainability  safety  vulnerability  risk and resilience  the detection  diagnostics and prognostics of failures  through probabilistic methods  stochastic Monte Carlo simulation techniques  Artificial Intelligence  Machine Learning and evolutionary optimization.""I am very honored and motivated by this new challenge as Scientific Director of the Datrix Group  which offers a privileged point of observation and action to carry out research and ground innovation for the industrial world - explains Professor Enrico Zio- For the current digital  ecological and social transitions  industry is called to direct its technological and organizational development towards sustainability  focusing on the environment and people's well-being. For this reason  the joint efforts of the Datrix Group and Aramix are aimed at developing solutions and sharing skills to ""make data  images and texts speak""  extracting knowledge and information and sharing them with industry decision-makers for making design  operation  maintenance  organization choices that are truly efficient and safe"".Professor Zio currently holds the roles of:Full Professorin the Centre for research on Risk and Crises(CRC) at Mines Paris-PSL University in France; Full Professor  Rector's Delegatefor Alumni and Fundraising  and Presidentof Alumni Politecnico di Milano  at Politecnico di Milano  Italy; Guest Professor Emeritusat Tsinghua University  Beijing  China; Lecturerat City University of Hong Kong  Beihang Universityand Wuhan University  China  University of Tromso Norway and Co-Director of the Centre for Reliability and Safety of Critical Infrastructures(CRESCI) and the Sino-French Laboratory of Risk Science and Engineering(RISE)  at Beihang University  Beijing  China. Member of the Scientific Committee of the International Center for Quality and Reliabilityat Tsinghua University  Beijing  China. Member of the CDA of the Fondazione Politecnico di Milano US (FPM.US). Member of the scientific committeeof the International Joint Research Center for Resilient Infrastructure (ICRI)  China. Member of the international committee of expertsfor the advisory of the R&D/Innovation Program in Asset Managementat Hydro-Quebec/IREQ  Canada",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['new Scientific Director', 'Datrix S', 'Enrico Zio', 'Datrix Group', 'stochastic Monte Carlo simulation techniques', 'Guest Professor Emeritusat Tsinghua University', 'Datrix S.p.A.', 'international Humboldt Research Award', 'prescriptive data science models', 'prestigious research scientific awards', 'International Joint Research Center', 'Euronext Growth Milan', ""companies' data-driven growth"", 'international academic scenario', 'numerous international conferences', 'Top 2% Scientists list', 'Principal Andrea Ronchi', 'current digital, ecological', 'Mines Paris-PSL University', 'Lecturerat City University', 'Fondazione Politecnico di', 'Augmented Analytics solutions', 'Machine Learning Models', 'many international journals', 'Presidentof Alumni Politecnico', 'Prof. Enrico Zio', 'future industrial world', 'complex industrial components', 'Professor Enrico Zio', 'Model Serving skills', 'new Scientific Director', 'International Center', 'joint efforts', 'Professor Zio', 'Full Professor', 'scientific research', 'Stanford University', 'Delegatefor Alumni', 'Wuhan University', 'Beihang University', 'ticker DATA', 'industrial processes', 'scientific work', 'Scientific Committee', 'Risk Science', 'research contribution', 'Research Centers', 'industrial development', 'ISIN code', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'press release', 'new player', 'descriptive, predictive', 'leading figure', 'seven books', 'Associate Editor', 'significant enhancement', 'competitive contexts', 'same time', 'many years', 'excellent IT', 'experienced professional', 'field-proven IT', 'strategic vision', 'competent partner', 'close relationship', 'new talents', 'effective methods', 'failure-repair-maintenance behavior', 'probabilistic methods', 'evolutionary optimization', 'new challenge', 'privileged point', 'social transitions', 'organization choices', 'Hong Kong', 'Critical Infrastructures', 'Sino-French Laboratory', 'Resilient Infrastructure', 'valuable skills', 'profound skills', 'deep skills', 'Development activities', 'organizational development', 'former President', 'innovative reality', 'ground innovation', 'industry decision-makers', 'Datrix Group', 'Fabrizio Milano', 'Aramis Srl', 'services', 'appointment', 'acquisition', 'February', 'transaction', '3rdPlace', 'company', 'Aramix', 'management', 'author', '500 articles', 'Vice-President', 'referent', 'quantity', 'quality', 'impact', 'entry', 'order', 'Italy', 'CEO', 'Aragona', 'positioning', 'integration', 'mission', 'leader', 'needs', 'contemporary', 'Universities', 'ability', 'study', 'systems', 'safety', 'resilience', 'detection', 'diagnostics', 'prognostics', 'failures', 'observation', 'technological', 'environment', 'people', 'being', 'reason', 'images', 'knowledge', 'information', 'design', 'operation', 'roles', 'Centre', 'Crises', 'CRC', 'France', 'Fundraising', 'Beijing', 'China', 'Tromso', 'Norway', 'CRESCI', 'Engineering', 'Member', 'CDA', 'FPM.', 'ICRI']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRECIA-5713/news/Precia-2023-Financial-Agenda-43045362/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Precia : 2023 Financial Agenda,(marketscreener.com)   Privas  21 February 2023  6 PM   2023 press releases agenda      Press release     Date       2022 consolidated turnover ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRECIA-5713/news/Precia-2023-Financial-Agenda…,Privas  21 February 2023  6 PM2023 press releases agendaPress release Date 2022 consolidated turnover 28 February 2023 Annual results 24 April 2023 Annual Report 28 April 2023 Q1 consolidated turnover 30 May 2023 Annual General Meeting 26 June 2023 Half-year results 28 September 2023 Q3 consolidated turnover 28 November 2023This timetable is given as an indication  it is likely to be amended during the year.Publications are planned after the closing time of the Euronext market.Contacts :PRECIA MOLENBP 106 - 07001 PRIVAS CEDEX Tél. : +33 4 75 66 46 77 E-mailpmcontact@preciamolen.comAbout Precia MolenPRECIA MOLEN designs and manufactures  sells and maintains systems and solutions of industrial and commercial static weighing and of continuous weighing and dosing equipment. Main clients are heavy industries (mines  quarries  steel  environment  energy…) and light industries (food  chemicals  transportation and logistics…) and also public sectors (posts  local authorities…).Formed in 1951  and based at Privas in Ardèche  PRECIA MOLEN is now present in all five continents  serving the needs of its customers locally. The group has nine production sites around the world  with over 1350 employees altogether. PRECIA MOLEN is listed on NYSE-Euronext Paris compartment B (code ISIN FR0014004EC4 - Mnemo: PREC).More information on www.preciamolen.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Financial Agenda', 'Precia', '07001 PRIVAS CEDEX Tél.', '2023 press releases agenda', 'Press release Date', 'nine production sites', 'NYSE-Euronext Paris compartment', 'commercial static weighing', 'Q1 consolidated turnover', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 consolidated turnover', 'PRECIA MOLEN BP', 'continuous weighing', 'Annual results', 'Annual Report', 'Half-year results', 'closing time', 'Euronext market', 'dosing equipment', 'Main clients', 'heavy industries', 'light industries', 'public sectors', 'local authorities', 'Ardèche', 'five continents', 'More information', '21 February', 'April', 'June', 'September', 'timetable', 'indication', 'Publications', 'Contacts', 'mail', 'systems', 'solutions', 'industrial', 'mines', 'quarries', 'steel', 'environment', 'energy', 'food', 'chemicals', 'transportation', 'logistics', 'posts', 'needs', 'customers', 'group', 'world', '1350 employees', 'code', 'ISIN', 'Mnemo', '6', '33']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-16-ndash-February-20-2023-43038694/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 16 – February 20  2023,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details February 16 – February 20  2023 February 21  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 87 142 of…,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 16 – February 20  2023February 21  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 87 142 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 16  2023  up to and including February 20  2023  for €9.0 million and at an average share price of €103.76.The previously disclosed third-party agreement to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023  has hereby been fulfilledThe cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 998 247 100.0 100.18Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 AmericanDepositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'third-party agreement', 'Total consideration', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'January', 'date', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Nyxoah-Announces-Inaugural-Investor-Analyst-Meeting-43046071/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Nyxoah Announces Inaugural Investor & Analyst Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   Nyxoah Announces Inaugural Investor & Analyst Meeting Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – February 21  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA    a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative so…,Nyxoah Announces Inaugural Investor & Analyst MeetingMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – February 21  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will host its inaugural Investor & Analyst Meeting on March 23  2022  from 4:00pm to 7:00pm ET.The event  which will be held at Nyxoah’s New York City offices  will include a business update from the Company’s senior management and presentations from key opinion leaders in the field of obstructive sleep apnea. The meeting will conclude with a Q&A session  followed by a reception.Investors interested in attending the meeting may do so by registering for the event at the following link: Nyxoah Investor & Analyst Meeting 2023 (office.com) . A live and archived webcast of the event will be available on the Company’s investor relations website at https://investors.nyxoah.com/events .About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.14,0.08,0.77,True,English,"['Inaugural Investor', 'Analyst Meeting', 'Nyxoah', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'New York City offices', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'key opinion leaders', 'Q&A session', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'CE mark approval', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'two successful IPOs', 'investor relations website', 'BLAST OSA study', 'US commercialization approval', 'medical technology company', 'competitors’ therapy', 'successful completion', 'Inaugural Investor', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'business update', 'senior management', 'following link', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'CCC) patients', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'OSA patients', 'David DeMartino', 'Nyxoah Investor', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Analyst Meeting', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'February', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'NYXH', 'development', 'March', '4:00pm', '7:00pm', 'event', 'presentations', 'field', 'reception', 'Investors', 'live', 'webcast', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'FDA', 'information', 'Caution', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-Group-s-Green-retail-bond-fund-raising-was-a-success-ldquo-Confirmation-of-the-sustainable-43039362/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,"Colruyt Group's Green retail bond fund raising was a success: “Confirmation of the sustainable course we are pursuing""",(marketscreener.com)  Tuesday  February 21  2023   The 8th of February was the first opportunity to subscribe to a green retail bond. The subscription to this issue  which is part of the Sustainable Financing Framework  began on 10 February 2023  and very…,"Tuesday  February 21  2023The 8th of February was the first opportunity to subscribe to a green retail bond. The subscription to this issue  which is part of the Sustainable Financing Framework  began on 10 February 2023  and very quickly proved to be a success with investors. The targeted 250 million euros was raised in barely a day and the funds will be used in the years ahead to finance numerous existing and new sustainable projects of the group. Today marks a final milestone in the effective issue and the bonds are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels for the first time. This was symbolically highlighted with the ringing of the bell on Euronext this morning.In recent years  the retail bond market has been less attractive because of the low to negative interest environment. Stefaan Vandamme  CFO Colruyt Group  explains: ""It was obvious to us that once the choice for a retail bond had been made  it would be linked to our sustainability strategy. The net proceeds of this green retail bond are used to finance green projects  such as the investment in clean transport  circular water management  renewable energy  sustainable renovation of buildings  etc. In this way  we want to continue to deliver on our long-term commitment to invest in a sustainable future."" Belfius Bank  BNP Paribas Fortis and KBC Bank acted as joint lead managers in the issue of the green retail bond.This issue is part of the Sustainable Financing Framework  which is the result of a unique collaboration between different teams within Colruyt Group  ranging from Sustainability and the businesses involved  to the Finance department and KBC as Sustainable Structuring Agent. This Sustainable Financing Frameworklays down the terms and conditions which according to the retail group should be met for a project to qualify for a sustainable label.Colruyt Group is always close to the customer. The idea of having the general public participate in green projects is not new to the retail group. Previous initiatives in this field include the establishment of Eoly Cooperation  which enables people to participate in the construction as well as the proceeds of onshore wind turbines and the public participation in offshore wind energy via NorthSeaWind a few years later. Since November 2022  customers have been able to save points by purchasing food products with Eco-score A and B ​ through their Xtra app and use them to help promote biodiversity.Through this green retail bond  Colruyt Group wanted to take this one step further and let the general public participate in the sustainability projects  receiving a fixed compensation in return. The low entry fee of EUR 1 000 made this accessible to many investors.A maximum of 60% of the raised funds will be used on green projects that were realised the past and current year. Stefaan Vandamme explains: ​ ""As described in theProspectus  this mainly concerns a refinancing of existing debts and it's a logical step in the further diversification of Colruyt Group's financial resources."" The remaining funds will be allocated to green projects that are in the pipeline in the coming years. These could include  for example  the further sustainability of Colruyt Group's buildings  sustainable water management  renewable energy  energy efficiency and the further development of initiatives such as the Eco-score.Increased transport sustainability is also part of the scope. By 2035  Colruyt Group wants all its freight transport to be zero-emission. It plans to do this through complementary technologies  both battery-electric vehicles and hydrogen-electric vehicles will be needed for the transition. The retail group actively engages in dialogue about this with the ecosystem of (transport) partners and suppliers it works closely with.Jef Colruyt  CEO Colruyt Group  adds: ""Such green retail bond is a great way for our stakeholders to co-invest - other than through shares - in our green projects and should be seen in the context of previous  recent and long-term investments. Its success gives us great pleasure and we'd like to thank all investors for their trust - it's a confirmation of our deliberate choice to follow a sustainable course. Together we're contributing to a greener future  which is something we very much believe in as a group."" Today marks a final milestone in the effective issue in that the settlement of the bonds has been finalised and the bond will be listed on Euronext for the first time. This was symbolically highlighted with the ringing of the bell on Euronext this morning.This initiative doesn't change anything to Colruyt Group's existing investment programme. In addition to the investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency  the group will continue to invest  among other things  in new stores  the expansion of the logistics capacity in Belgium and France (such as the new distribution centre in Ollignies for the non-food range in food stores and the new distribution centre near Dôle in France) and the expansion of production capacity in Belgium with a focus on vertical integration. Innovative change programmes and digital transition also remain a priority. Stefaan Vandamme  CFO Colruyt Group: ""We're going through some challenging times  but we remain true to our long-term vision and continue to invest in things that support this long-term strategy.""",neutral,0.48,0.51,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.09,0.25,True,English,"['Green retail bond fund raising', 'Colruyt Group', 'sustainable course', 'success', 'Confirmation', 'negative interest environment', 'circular water management', 'BNP Paribas Fortis', 'joint lead managers', 'onshore wind turbines', 'new distribution centre', 'Sustainable Financing Framework', 'Sustainable Structuring Agent', 'sustainable water management', 'low entry fee', 'offshore wind energy', 'green retail bond', 'retail bond market', 'new sustainable projects', 'existing investment programme', 'CFO Colruyt Group', 'CEO Colruyt Group', 'Increased transport sustainability', 'new stores', 'green projects', 'sustainable renovation', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable label', 'sustainable course', 'retail group', 'regulated market', 'low to', 'numerous existing', 'existing debts', 'clean transport', 'freight transport', 'transport) partners', 'Jef Colruyt', 'renewable energy', 'energy efficiency', 'first opportunity', '250 million euros', 'final milestone', 'first time', 'Stefaan Vandamme', 'long-term commitment', 'Belfius Bank', 'unique collaboration', 'different teams', 'Finance department', 'general public', 'Eoly Cooperation', 'public participation', 'food products', 'Xtra app', 'fixed compensation', 'current year', 'logical step', 'financial resources', 'complementary technologies', 'battery-electric vehicles', 'hydrogen-electric vehicles', 'previous, recent', 'great pleasure', 'greener future', 'other things', 'logistics capacity', 'non-food range', 'food stores', 'Dôle', 'production capacity', 'vertical integration', 'sustainability projects', 'sustainability strategy', 'recent years', 'coming years', 'net proceeds', 'KBC Bank', 'Previous initiatives', 'Eco-score A', 'great way', 'long-term investments', 'deliberate choice', 'effective issue', 'many investors', 'remaining funds', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'subscription', 'success', 'bonds', 'ringing', 'bell', 'buildings', 'result', 'businesses', 'terms', 'conditions', 'customer', 'idea', 'field', 'establishment', 'people', 'construction', 'NorthSeaWind', 'November', 'points', 'biodiversity', 'return', 'maximum', 'past', 'refinancing', 'diversification', 'pipeline', 'example', 'development', 'scope', 'zero-emission', 'transition', 'dialogue', 'ecosystem', 'suppliers', 'stakeholders', 'shares', 'context', 'trust', 'confirmation', 'something', 'settlement', 'addition', 'expansion', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ollignies', 'focus', 'Innova']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GECINA-4651/news/Gecina-Conditions-for-accessing-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-43044783/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Gecina : Conditions for accessing the 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com)   Paris  February 21  2023   Conditions for accessing the 2022 Universal Registration Document   The Universal Registration Document for 2022 was filed with the French securities regulator on February 21  2023.   It may be cons…,"Paris  February 21  2023Conditions for accessing the 2022 Universal Registration DocumentThe Universal Registration Document for 2022 was filed with the French securities regulator (Autorité des marchés financiers  AMF) on February 21  2023.It may be consulted on or downloaded from the following internet sites:Gecina (www.gecina.fr)  in the section Investors / Publications and press releases / Financial reports and universal registration documents;(www.gecina.fr)  in the section Investors / Publications and press releases / Financial reports and universal registration documents; AMF (www.amf-france.org).It is also available free of charge to the public on request:by mail: Gecina - 16  rue des Capucines  75002 Paris  France;by email: actionnaire@gecina.fr;by telephone: 0 800 800 976 (toll-free number only available in France).The following documents are included in the Universal Registration Document:the annual financial report for 2022;the 2022 integrated reportthe Board of Directors' report on corporate governance;the statutory auditors' reports;information on the statutory auditors' fees;the voluntary non-financial performance statement.About GecinaAs a specialist for centrality and uses  Gecina operates innovative and sustainable living spaces. The Group owns  manages and develops Europe's leading office portfolio  with over 97% located in the Paris Region  and a portfolio of residential assets and student residences  with over 9 000 apartments. These portfolios are valued at 20.1 billion euros at end-2022.Gecina has firmly established its focus on innovation and its human approach at the heart of its strategy to create value and deliver on its purpose: ""Empowering shared human experiences at the heart of our sustainable spaces"". For our 100 000 clients  this ambition is supported by our client-centric brand YouFirst. It is also positioned at the heart of UtilesEnsemble  our program setting out our solidarity-based commitments to the environment  to people and to the quality of life in cities.Gecina is a French real estate investment trust (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris  and is part of the SBF 120  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60 and Euronext 100 indices. Gecina is also recognized as one of the top-performing companies in its industry by leading sustainability benchmarks and rankings (GRESB  Sustainalytics  MSCI  ISS ESG and CDP). www.gecina.fr",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Gecina', 'Conditions', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French real estate investment trust', 'voluntary non-financial performance statement', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'French securities regulator', '16, rue des Capucines', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'universal registration documents', ""statutory auditors' fees"", 'leading sustainability benchmarks', 'following internet sites', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'sustainable living spaces', 'leading office portfolio', 'annual financial report', 'following documents', 'The Group', 'sustainable spaces', 'Financial reports', '2022 integrated report', ""Directors' report"", 'press releases', 'toll-free number', 'corporate governance', 'residential assets', 'student residences', '20.1 billion euros', 'human approach', 'human experiences', 'client-centric brand', 'solidarity-based commitments', 'CAC Next', 'CAC Large', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'top-performing companies', 'Paris Region', 'Euronext Paris', '75002 Paris', 'February', 'Conditions', 'AMF', 'Gecina', 'section', 'Investors', 'Publications', 'org', 'charge', 'request', 'mail', 'France', 'actionnaire', 'telephone', 'Board', 'information', 'specialist', 'centrality', 'uses', 'innovative', 'Europe', '9,000 apartments', 'portfolios', 'end', 'focus', 'innovation', 'heart', 'strategy', 'value', 'purpose', '100,000 clients', 'ambition', 'YouFirst', 'UtilesEnsemble', 'program', 'environment', 'people', 'quality', 'life', 'cities', 'SIIC', 'SBF 120', 'industry', 'rankings', 'GRESB', 'Sustainalytics', 'MSCI', 'ESG', 'CDP']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-34473559/news/VEON-Management-increases-ownership-43045030/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,VEON Management increases ownership,(marketscreener.com)  VEON Management increases ownership Amsterdam  21 February 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces the completion of a further management share transfer as part of …,VEON Management increases ownershipAmsterdam  21 February 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces the completion of a further management share transfer as part of the Group’s incentive program announced in February 2022.Further to our press release on 28 February 2022  today we can confirm the completion of a further share transfer to Group Executive Committee (“GEC”) member  Group Chief Internal Audit & Compliance Officer  Joop Brakenhoff. A total of 104 047 shares vested as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan. Of those  52 543 shares were transferred to Mr. Brakenhoff  with the remaining 51 504 withheld to cover local withholding tax. This award follows the completion of share transfers to the Group CEO and Group CFO announced on 11 July 2022 and the completion of share transfers to GEC members announced on 18 July 2022.As previously communicated  GEC members will over time accrue and then maintain a minimum level of VEON shares. This will be equivalent to 6.0x the annual base salary for the Group CEO and 2.0x annual base salary for other GEC members. Following this transaction  the total number of American Depositary Shares held by Joop Brakenhoff is 145 115 and the number of common shares held by Joop Brakenhoff is nil.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance  strategic and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.24,0.57,True,English,"['VEON Management', 'ownership', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', '2.0x annual base salary', 'Group Chief Internal Audit', 'global digital operator', 'local withholding tax', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Deferred Share Plan', 'Group Executive Committee', 'American Depositary Shares', 'management share transfer', 'other GEC members', 'other things', 'share transfers', 'Group CEO', 'Group CFO', 'management plans', 'GEC”) member', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'incentive program', 'Compliance Officer', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'Mr. Brakenhoff', 'minimum level', 'historical facts', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'common shares', 'VEON Management', 'press release', 'unanticipated events', 'VEON Ltd', 'VEON shares', 'total number', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '104,047 shares', '52,543 shares', 'statements', 'ownership', 'NASDAQ', 'completion', 'part', 'February', 'award', '11 July', '18 July', 'time', 'transaction', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'strategic', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'information']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-shares-ndash-week-from-13-02-2023-to-17-02-2023-43038149/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Cie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares – week from 13/02/2023 to 17/02/2023,(marketscreener.com)  Cie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares - week from 13/02/2023 to 17/02/2023 21-02-2023   Implementation of authorization of the extraordinary general meeting of April 28  2021   Disclosure of trading in own shares from 13/02/…,Implementation of authorization of the extraordinary general meeting of April 28  2021Disclosure of trading in own shares from 13/02/2023 to 17/02/2023:Pursuant to Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019  implementing the Code on companies and associations  Compagnie du Bois Sauvage announces having dealt the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated NYSE Euronext Market Brussels. On 17/02/2023  the number of shares bought back since April 28  2021 amounted to 18 092 (1 1 % of the total number of shares) for a total amount of € 6 044 053 04. The history of the realized transactions is available on www.bois-sauvage.be (in the French or Dutch section «Informations financières» - «Rachat d'actions propres»).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'shares', 'week', 'NYSE Euronext Market Brussels', 'Compagnie du Bois Sauvage', 'following share buy-back transactions', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Informations financières', 'Royal Decree', 'total amount', 'Dutch section', 'total number', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', '13/02', 'Article', 'Code', 'companies', 'associations', '17/02', 'history', 'French', 'Rachat']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-s-Beeline-Brings-4G-Connectivity-to-Tashkent-Metro-43037316/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,VEON's Beeline Brings 4G Connectivity to Tashkent Metro,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  Netherlands  21 February 2023 07:00 CET – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that Beeline  its digital operator in Uzbekistan  has launched mobile con…,Amsterdam  Netherlands  21 February 2023 07:00 CET – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that Beeline  its digital operator in Uzbekistan  has launched mobile connectivity across the metro service of the capital city Tashkent.The new Beeline Uzbekistan coverage will provide 4G connectivity at all 31 underground stations on the four lines of the metro service. In 2022  the Tashkent metro enabled 220 million passenger journeys  or a daily average of approximately 620 000 riders.“While cities like London and New York are still struggling to provide mobile connectivity across their Underground and Subway stations  we are proud to be delivering digital communication and services to the Tashkent metro ” states Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group. “We are pioneering the digital operator model where we support our customers with connectivity and services for all of the one thousand four hundred and forty minutes that constitutes each day. For the people of Tashkent that now includes the time they spend in transit in the city’s metro.”Expansion of 4G coverage to the Tashkent metro is part of Beeline Uzbekistan’s ‘4G for all’ strategy  which saw the roll out some 2 300 4G base stations  and a 16-percentagepoint increase in the operator’s 4G population coverage in 2022. The 4G connectivity will enable Beeline Uzbekistan customers to access the full range of services provided by the digital operator including Beeline’s entertainment and financial services.“Our customers can now access messages  call friends and family  listen to music and podcasts  and even watch their favourite TV shows in high resolution at all stations of the Tashkent metro ” explains Andrzej Malinowski  CEO of Beeline Uzbekistan. “Through this investment we are building the technology infrastructure of Uzbekistan and the status of Tashkent as an IT hub for the Central Asian region  while also advancing the city and country as a major tourist destination.”The Beeline Uzbekistan network for the Tashkent Metro was developed using the UZTELECOM infrastructure based on the MORAN (Multi Operator RAN) active equipment sharing technology.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the transactions referred to above will be successfully completed or that requisite approvals for these transactions will be received. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.comGroup Communication Senior ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['4G Connectivity', 'Tashkent Metro', 'VEON', 'Beeline', 'MORAN (Multi Operator RAN) active equipment sharing technology', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'one thousand four hundred', 'Group Communication Senior Manager', 'The Beeline Uzbekistan network', 'new Beeline Uzbekistan coverage', 'favourite TV shows', 'Central Asian region', 'major tourist destination', 'seven dynamic markets', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'digital operator model', 'global digital operator', 'greater digital inclusion', '220 million passenger journeys', 'Beeline Uzbekistan customers', '2,300 4G base stations', '4G population coverage', 'technology infrastructure', 'digital communication', '4G coverage', 'four lines', 'New York', '200 million customers', '4G connectivity', 'daily average', 'Subway stations', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'forty minutes', '16-percentagepoint increase', 'full range', 'high resolution', 'Andrzej Malinowski', 'IT hub', 'UZTELECOM infrastructure', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'requisite approvals', 'Nik Kershaw', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'metro service', 'converged connectivity', 'mobile connectivity', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd.', 'online services', '31 underground stations', 'Tashkent metro', 'financial services', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'capital city', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', '07:00 CET', 'NASDAQ', '620,000 riders', 'cities', 'London', 'CEO', 'day', 'people', 'time', 'transit', 'Expansion', 'strategy', 'roll', 'entertainment', 'messages', 'friends', 'family', 'music', 'podcasts', 'investment', 'status', 'country', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'closing', 'transactions', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'Elements']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DOLFINES-41402/news/Dolfines-DOLFINES-raises-equity-financing-43044280/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Dolfines :  DOLFINES raises equity financing,(marketscreener.com)  Montigny Le Bretonneux  February 21  2023DOLFINES raises equity financing for the proposed acquisition of an international expertise company in the EHS marketOn February 16  DOLFINES announced the validation by its Board of Directors…,"Montigny Le Bretonneux  February 21  2023DOLFINES raises equity financing for the proposed acquisition of an international expertise company in the EHS marketOn February 16  DOLFINES announced the validation by its Board of Directors of the signing of a Letter of Intent (LOI) and entry into an exclusivity period whose purpose is the project to acquire 100% of the capital and voting rights of an international expertise company on the EHS (Environment  Health and Safety) market.DOLFINES announces today that it has raised  in the form of a €2 million OCABSA line  the financing from its own funds to cover this operation.In this respect  DOLFINES recalls that in a press release dated February 14  2023  the Autorité des marchés financiers recommends that companies that use financing by issuing equity securities or giving access to capital spread over time adopt a communication and a standard warning on risks.The following warning is listed:""DOLFINES has set up financing in the form of OCABSA with Negma which  after receiving the shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of these instruments  is not intended to remain a shareholder of the company.The shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of the above-mentioned securities will  in general  be sold on the market at very short notice  which can create a strong downward pressure on the share price.Shareholders may suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the value of the company's shares  as well as a large dilution due to the large number of securities issued to Negma.Investors are invited to be very careful before making the decision to invest in the securities of the company admitted to trading that carries out such dilutive financing operations  particularly when they are carried out successively. The Company recalls that this dilutive financing transaction is not the first it has put in place. »DOLFINES wishes  however  to recall the terms of its press release of February 16 in which it was stated: ""The financing of this operation will be covered by the ongoing financing of Negma which could consider a minority stake in DOLFINES  thus confirming its project to support the industrial development of the company over time.""The main features of this €2 million tranche of OCABSA are as follows:DOLFINES recalls having signed  on June 15  2021  a bond loan for a maximum amount of €36 million  in the form of OCABSA with a nominal value of €2 500 each  allowing immediate fundraising in increments of up to €2 000 000  by issuing 800 OCABSA for the benefit of NEGMA GROUP LTD.The bond issue will consist of a maximum of eighteen (18) tranches capped at €2 000 000 each  consisting of bonds convertible into shares (""OCAs"") to which warrants are attached. The Company will decide on the issuance of tranches at any time  it being specified that a period of forty-four (44) trading days must elapse between two tranches.The OCAs with a nominal value of 2 500 euros each will be subscribed at par and will have a maturity of twelve (12) months. At maturity  the OCAs will be converted by their holder into shares of the Company on the basis of a conversion ratio corresponding to 92% of the lowest VWAP (volume-weighted average share price) of the fifteen (15) trading days preceding the conversion date.The OCAs are not the subject of an application for admission to trading on the Euronext Growth market and consequently will not be listed.The number of warrants to be issued during each tranche draw will be equal to the number of OCAs issued divided by the exercise price of the BSA corresponding to 115% of the VWAP of the fifteen (15) trading days preceding the request for issue of the tranche concerned. The warrants are not transferable without the prior agreement of the Company. They shall not be the subject of an application for admission to trading on a regulated market. They may be exercised at any time from the date of issue and within 60 months of their issue.In 2022  DOLFINES drew 2 454 OCAs under this financing agreement  all converted into shares.On February 20  2023  DOLFINES again implemented this financing agreement and 800 OCAs were issued  accompanied by the issuance of warrants. The funds raised during the drawdown of this tranche of OCABSA will help finance the acquisition of an international expertise company on the EHS (Environment  Health and Safety) market  for which a Letter of Intent (LOI) and entry into exclusivity period whose purpose is the proposed acquisition of 100% of the capital and voting rights of this company was validated by the Board of Directors of DOLFINES on February 15  2023.This issue does not give rise to the issuance of a prospectus subject to the approval of the Autorité des marchés financiers.The table for tracking bond draws and conversions can be found on the DOLFINES www.dolfines.com website.About Dolfines: www.dolfines.comFounded in 2000  DOLFINES is an independent specialist in engineering and services in the renewable and conventional energy industry. Faced with the challenges of decarbonizing the energy sector and capitalizing on its strong expertise  DOLFINES wants to play a key role in this energy transition by designing and providing innovative services and solutions for the exploitation of renewable energy sources onshore and offshore  above and below sea level. Respecting the highest standards of quality and safety  DOLFINES is labelled an innovative company certified ISO 9001 for its technical assistance  auditing  inspection and engineering activities.Euronext Growth TMDOLFINES is listed on Euronext GrowthTM - Code ISIN : FR0014004QZ9 – Mnémo : ALDOL DOLFINES is éligible to PEA-PMEContacts :DOLFINES : Delphine Bardelet Guejo  CFO - delphine.bardelet@dolfines.comCOMALTO : Jean-François Carminati  Shareholders Relations – + 33 (0) 6 63 87 57 60 - jfcarminati@comalto.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lZufkZRpZGfInJ6aaJpua5dmmGmSyJbHZ2rKl5Rxl8fKnJ1knGdpm5ubZnBpm2to- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78662-dolfines_pr_plannedacquisitionfinancing.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['equity financing', 'Dolfines', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'des marchés financiers', 'Montigny Le Bretonneux', 'strong downward pressure', 'conventional energy industry', 'forty-four (44) trading days', 'fifteen (15) trading days', 'tracking bond draws', 'Euronext Growth market', 'dilutive financing operations', 'dilutive financing transaction', 'international expertise company', 'NEGMA GROUP LTD', '€2 million OCABSA line', 'bond loan', 'voting rights', 'press release', 'standard warning', 'following warning', 'short notice', 'significant decrease', 'large dilution', 'minority stake', 'industrial development', 'main features', '€2 million tranche', 'immediate fundraising', 'exercise price', 'prior agreement', 'independent specialist', 'regulated market', 'equity financing', 'ongoing financing', 'financing agreement', 'exclusivity period', 'nominal value', 'eighteen (18) tranches', 'two tranches', 'The Company', 'bond issue', 'maximum amount', 'twelve (12) months', 'conversion ratio', 'lowest VWAP', 'tranche draw', 'large number', 'Safety) market', 'The OCAs', 'equity securities', 'EHS market', 'conversion date', '60 months', '800 OCABSA', '2,454 OCAs', '800 OCAs', 'February', 'DOLFINES', 'acquisition', 'validation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'signing', 'Letter', 'Intent', 'LOI', 'entry', 'purpose', 'project', 'capital', 'Health', 'form', 'funds', 'respect', 'companies', 'access', 'time', 'communication', 'risks', 'shares', 'instruments', 'shareholder', 'loss', 'Investors', 'decision', 'place', 'terms', 'June', 'increments', 'benefit', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'issuance', '2,500 euros', 'par', 'maturity', 'basis', 'subject', 'application', 'request', 'concerned', 'drawdown', 'rise', 'prospectus', 'approval', 'table', 'conversions', 'website', 'engineering', 'services', 'renewable']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/assorted/origin-materials-and-avantium-to-accelerate-the-mass-production-of-fdca-and-pef-for-advanced-chemicals-and-plastics-432SI-3009522,Origin Materials and Avantium to Accelerate the Mass Production of FDCA and PEF for Advanced Chemicals and Plastics By Investing.com,Origin Materials and Avantium to Accelerate the Mass Production of FDCA and PEF for Advanced Chemicals and Plastics,Origin Materials (ORGN) and Avantium to Accelerate the Mass Production of FDCA and PEF for Advanced Chemicals and PlasticsORGN +1.91% Add to/Remove from Watchlist ORGNW +6.81% Add to/Remove from WatchlistOrigin Materials  Inc. (“Origin” and “Origin Materials”) (ORGN  ORGNW)  the world’s leading carbon negative materials company with a mission to enable the world’s transition to sustainable materials  and Avantium N.V. a leading technology company in renewable chemistry  today announced a partnership to accelerate the mass production of FDCA and PEF for use in advanced chemicals and plastics.The partnership aims to bring together the strengths of Origin’s patented carbon-negative technology platform  which turns the carbon found in sustainable wood residues into useful materials including chloromethylfurfural (“CMF”)  with Avantium’s YXY® Technology  which can be used to convert derivatives of Origin’s CMF into FDCA  the chemical building block for the polymer PEF  at attractive unit economics.The partnership represents a potential breakthrough in the commercialization of cost-competitive and low-carbon PEF  a polymer with an attractive combination of sustainability and performance characteristics for packaging including enhanced barrier properties. The produced PEF is expected to be 100% plant-based  fully recyclable  have attractive unit economics  and to offer a significantly reduced carbon footprint  with superior strength  thermal properties  and barrier properties compared to today’s widely used petroleum-based materials.“We are excited to partner with Avantium  a leading innovator and developer of sustainable chemistry  on a project with far-reaching impact ” said John Bissell  Origin Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. “Together we aim to bring the value of FDCA and one of its main applications  PEF  to the industry at large and to drive decarbonization throughout the supply chain. By combining Origin’s revolutionary platform  which can produce key FDCA precursors like CMF from sustainable wood residues  with Avantium’s YXY® process technology  we aim to transform the polymers and materials industry. This partnership accelerates our efforts to bring economical non-food based FDCA and PEF to market.”“We are excited to enter into this strategic partnership with Origin Materials  a leading sustainable materials company and like-minded partner committed to revolutionizing the chemical and plastics industry ” said Tom van Aken  CEO of Avantium. “The technologies of both companies are highly complementary and will also enable the use of non-edible  renewable feedstocks for the production of FDCA and PEF  meeting the expectations of brand owners and consumers worldwide. This supplements the feedstock options for our technology. We look forward to working together on our shared ambition to transition the world to large-scale sustainable materials made from non-fossil resources.”The partnership includes a licensing agreement providing Origin with access to relevant parts of Avantium’s process technology for producing FDCA from Origin’s CMF derivatives at a 100 metric kilotons per annum scale facility and a conditional offtake agreement under which Avantium will supply Origin Materials with FDCA and PEF from its plants to accelerate market development. Under the terms of the transaction  Avantium received an upfront payment of €5 million in 2022 and  as a result of signing the licensing agreement  will receive an additional payment of €7.5 million  and may receive additional payments depending on the achievement of certain development milestones. Origin expects to incorporate Avantium's process technology into the supply chain for product from future plants.About Origin MaterialsHeadquartered in West Sacramento  Origin Materials is the world's leading carbon negative materials company. Origin’s mission is to enable the world’s transition to sustainable materials. For over a decade  Origin has developed a platform for turning the carbon found in inexpensive  plentiful  non-food biomass such as sustainable wood residues into useful materials while capturing carbon in the process. Origin’s patented technology platform can help revolutionize the production of a wide range of end products  including clothing  textiles  plastics  packaging  car parts  tires  carpeting  toys  and more with a ~$1 trillion addressable market. In addition  Origin’s technology platform is expected to provide stable pricing largely decoupled from the petroleum supply chain  which is exposed to more volatility than supply chains based on sustainable wood residues. Origin’s patented drop-in core technology  economics and carbon impact are supported by a growing list of major global customers and investors.For more information  visit www.originmaterials.com.About AvantiumAvantium is a leading technology development company and a frontrunner in renewable chemistry. Avantium develops novel technologies based on renewable carbon sources as an alternative to fossil-based chemicals and plastics. The company currently has three technologies at pilot and demonstration phase. The most advanced technology is the YXY® plant-to-plastics–technology that catalytically converts plant-based sugars into FDCA (furandicarboxylic acid)  the key building block for the sustainable plastic PEF (polyethylene furanoate). Avantium has successfully demonstrated the YXY® Technology at its pilot plant in Geleen  the Netherlands  and has started construction of the world's first commercial plant for FDCA in 2022  with planned large-scale production of PEF in 2024. The second technology is Ray Technology™ which catalytically converts industrial sugars to plant-based MEG (mono-ethylene glycol) and plant-based MPG (mono-propylene glycol): plantMEG™ and plantMPG™. Avantium is scaling up its Ray Technology™ and the demonstration plant in Delfzijl  the Netherlands opened in November 2019. The third technology is called the Dawn Technology™ that converts non-food biomass into industrial sugars and lignin in order to help transition the chemicals and materials industries to non-fossil resources. In 2018  Avantium opened the Dawn Technology™ pilot biorefinery in Delfzijl  the Netherlands. Avantium also provides R&D solutions in the field of sustainable chemistry and is the leading provider of advanced catalyst testing technology and services to accelerate catalyst R&D. Avantium works in partnership with like-minded companies around the globe to create revolutionary renewable chemistry solutions from invention to commercial scale.Avantium’s shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Brussels (symbol: AVTX). Avantium is incorporated in the Euronext Amsterdam SmallCap Index (AScX). Its offices and headquarters are in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Origin Materials', 'Mass Production', 'Advanced Chemicals', 'Avantium', 'FDCA', 'PEF', 'Plastics', 'Investing', 'leading carbon negative materials company', 'inexpensive, plentiful, non-food biomass', 'economical non-food based FDCA', 'leading sustainable materials company', 'leading technology development company', 'leading technology company', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Tom van Aken', 'annum scale facility', 'major global customers', 'sustainable wood residues', 'non-edible, renewable feedstocks', 'conditional offtake agreement', 'large-scale sustainable materials', 'chemical building block', 'attractive unit economics', '~$1 trillion addressable market', 'renewable carbon sources', 'enhanced barrier properties', 'petroleum supply chain', 'key FDCA precursors', 'carbon-negative technology platform', 'Avantium N.V.', 'YXY® process technology', 'leading innovator', 'YXY® Technology', 'sustainable chemistry', 'attractive combination', 'market development', 'development milestones', 'useful materials', 'petroleum-based materials', 'renewable chemistry', 'carbon footprint', 'carbon impact', 'core technology', 'thermal properties', 'licensing agreement', 'supply chains', 'materials industry', 'Advanced Chemicals', 'potential breakthrough', 'performance characteristics', 'superior strength', 'reaching impact', 'John Bissell', 'main applications', 'revolutionary platform', 'minded partner', 'brand owners', 'feedstock options', 'fossil resources', 'relevant parts', '100 metric kilotons', 'upfront payment', 'additional payment', 'West Sacramento', 'wide range', 'end products', 'car parts', 'stable pricing', 'growing list', 'fossil-based chemicals', 'three techno', 'Origin Materials', 'Mass Production', 'future plants', 'novel technologies', 'Origin Co-Founder', 'strategic partnership', 'low-carbon PEF', 'plastics industry', 'CMF derivatives', 'ORGN', 'Watchlist', 'world', 'mission', 'transition', 'strengths', 'chloromethylfurfural', 'commercialization', 'cost-competitive', 'sustainability', 'packaging', 'developer', 'project', 'value', 'decarbonization', 'efforts', 'CEO', 'companies', 'expectations', 'consumers', 'ambition', 'access', 'terms', 'transaction', 'result', 'achievement', 'decade', 'clothing', 'textiles', 'tires', 'carpeting', 'toys', 'volatility', 'investors', 'information', 'originmaterials', 'frontrunner', 'alternative']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,investing.com
18932,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2022-annual-results-edenred-results-060100195.html,2022 annual results: Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022,2022 annual results Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 Further acceleration of growth in 2022  notably in the...,"EDENRED2022 annual resultsEdenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022Further acceleration of growth in 2022  notably in the fourth quarter  fueled by the Group’s business and innovation momentumFurther penetration in markets still largely underpenetrated across the three business lines  notably in the SME segmentIncreased use of Edenred solutions to improve employees’ purchasing power  be it Ticket Restaurant ® or Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) Highly attractive Beyond Fuel offering  illustrated by the success of the fully digital maintenance and toll solutions Total revenue of over €2 billion  up 24.8% as reported and up 21.2% like-for-like versus 2021 Operating revenue up 19.2% like-for-like  including 22.3% growth in the fourth quarterOther revenue up twofold to €87 million  driven by strong business volume growth and higher interest rates Record financial performance in line with top line growthEBITDA of €836 million  up 24.9% as reported and up 23.3% like-for-likeEBITDA margin of 41.2%  up 0.7 percentage points like-for-like Net profit  Group share of €386 million  up 23.3%Free cash flow of €881 million  while accelerating technology investmentsNet debt/EBITDA ratio at 0.4x Proposed dividend of €1.00 per share1  up 11% Extra-financial performance living up to the Group’s ESG commitmentsEdenred included in the Euronext CAC 40 ESG index 2022 extra-financial targets exceededIndustry-leading ESG ratings Edenred is ideally positioned to continue generating profitable growth in 2023 and beyondDeployment of the Beyond 22-25 plan to further penetrate existing markets and accelerate the implementation of the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies  scaling the Edenred platform to aggregate  orchestrate and distribute more solutionsFurther investments to strengthen Edenred’s technology leadership and provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutionsEdenred confirms its Beyond 22-25 targets for 2023: Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12% Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70% 2***Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “Business volume of €38 billion pushed our revenue up 25%  past the €2 billion mark. In line with this strong top line growth  our results once again broke new records this year. I would like to congratulate Edenred’s 10 000 employees for their unwavering commitment. They can be happy with this good performance  and proud of the progress we have made toward our extra-financial goals. As the world leader in earmarked funds solutions  Edenred is reaping the rewards of the sustained investments we’ve been making in technology to innovate and disrupt our markets. Our strong business momentum  combined with our relevant  user-friendly solutions  continues to drive new client wins.Edenred provides concrete solutions in a multitude of areas  including changing work practices  reduced purchasing power  employee engagement  fleet electrification and corporate payment efficiency and security. Our new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan is based on organically developing our portfolio of solutions  forming new partnerships and leveraging our ability to seize future external growth opportunities. We’re uniquely positioned to keep penetrating our markets while scaling our platform advantage by aggregating  orchestrating and distributing a growing number of solutions. That’s why we are fully confident in our prospects of generating sustainable and profitable growth in 2023 and beyond.”2022 ANNUAL RESULTSThe consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022 were reviewed by the Board of Directors on February 20  20233.2022 key financial metrics:(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Operating revenue 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2% Other revenue 87 44 +96.1% +95.5% Total revenue 2 031 1 627 +24.8% +21.2% EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3% EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1% Net profit  Group share 386 313 +23.3%Total revenue: €2 031 millionTotal revenue for 2022 amounted to €2 031 million  up 24.8% as reported compared with 2021. This year-on-year increase includes a favorable 3.6% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  total revenue was up 21.2%.In the fourth quarter  total revenue climbed 29.6% as reported and 26.3% like-for-like  marking a further acceleration compared with the first nine months of the year. Currency and scope effects were positive in the quarter  respectively adding 2.5% and 0.8% to total revenue.Operating revenue: €1 944 millionOperating revenue increased by 22.8% as reported to €1 944 million in 2022. This rise takes into account a favorable 3.7% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  operating revenue grew by 19.2% versus 2021.Fourth-quarter operating revenue totaled €569 million  up 25.8% as reported and up 22.3% like-for-like. These figures mark a further acceleration in business  reflecting Edenred’s ability to scale its platform advantage to step up market penetration and win new clients  particularly in the SME segment. Growth was notably driven by a solid performance from end-of-year gift card campaigns despite a high basis of comparison  and by the continued success of Beyond Fuel solutions.Operating revenue by business line(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 1 152 961 +19.9% +17.8% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 539 414 +30.2% +23.5% Complementary Solutions 253 208 +21.6% +16.9% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 349 279 +25.4% +23.1% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 144 114 +26.2% +22.4% Complementary Solutions 77 61 +26.5% +18.1% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3%The Employee Benefits business line generated €1 152 million in operating revenue in 2022  representing an increase of 19.9% as reported (+17.8% like-for-like) and accounting for 59% of Group operating revenue.This strong growth reflects the good business momentum and the continued success of the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering among both large corporate accounts and SMEs  a segment that remains largely untapped with a penetration rate three to five times lower on average than that of large corporates. It also reflects the impact of companies’ starting to use the higher maximum face values set by law  enabling them to protect their employees’ purchasing power.In addition to meal vouchers  Edenred also benefited from the draw of its Beyond Food solutions. These solutions are particularly suited to companies seeking to boost employee engagement  especially amid today’s reduced purchasing power and war for talent. In September 2022 in France  for example  Edenred partnered with Betterway  a pioneer in corporate sustainable mobility  in order to harness the potential offered by this market. This strategic partnership  consolidated in late 2022 by Edenred’s contributions to the company’s capital increase  will enable the two partners to jointly offer the Mobility Pass  a solution that covers all employer subsidies for employee commutes (sustainable mobility  public transportation and fuel allowances).In the fourth quarter  operating revenue for Employee Benefits amounted to €349 million  up 25.4% as reported (+23.1% like-for-like) compared with the same period in 2021. This performance mainly reflects an excellent end-of-year gift card campaign despite a high basis of comparison  along with the enhanced attractiveness of Edenred’s solutions in the current macroeconomic context.In the Fleet & Mobility Solutions business line  which accounted for 28% of the Group’s business  operating revenue came to €539 million in 2022  up 30.2% as reported over the period (+23.5% like-for-like).This performance reflects the success of the Beyond Fuel strategy in both Europe and Latin America  notably driven by the attractiveness of maintenance and toll solutions. In February 2022 as part of this strategy  Edenred acquired Greenpass  an issuer of electronic toll solutions in Brazil  with the aim of accelerating its development in a fast-growing market with significant cross-selling potential. The business line also benefited from strong commercial momentum in the underpenetrated SME segment  reporting a 21% increase in the number of new contracts signed over the year  driven by the relevance of the Group’s digital  multi-product offering.During the year Edenred also expanded its solutions for fleet managers  joining forces with ChargePoint  a leading electric vehicle charging network provider in Europe and the United States. Thanks to this partnership  UTA Edenred can support fleet managers in the transition to electric vehicle usage by giving them access to over 400 000 public electric charge points across 33 European countries through an all-in-one solution.In the fourth quarter  Fleet & Mobility Solutions operating revenue came to €144 million  up 26.2% as reported (+22.4% like-for-like) compared with 2021.Complementary Solutions  which includes Corporate Payment Services  Incentive & Rewards and Public Social Programs  generated operating revenue of €253 million in 2022  representing 13% of the Group total. This business line grew by 21.6% year-on-year as reported (+16.9% like-for-like).This performance reflects good commercial dynamism in Corporate Payment Services in North America operated through Edenred CSI  spurred by new contract wins in segments into which the company has recently expanded  such as property management. In addition  Edenred CSI rounded out its corporate payment offering in the United States in October 2022 with the acquisition of IPS  a leader in invoice automation.Complementary Solutions’ performance also reflects the continued success of the Group’s innovative programs  such as Benefit Xpress in Taiwan and the new value-added services accessible via the C3Pay mobile app in the United Arab Emirates.In the fourth quarter  Complementary Solutions delivered operating revenue of €77 million  a rise of 26.5% as reported (+18.1% like-for-like) versus 2021 despite a high basis of comparison.Operating revenue by region(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 1 189 1 010 +17.7% +17.7% Latin America 603 452 +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the World 152 121 +25.2% +32.7% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 355 294 +20.7% +21.1% Latin America 172 128 +34.3% +20.5% Rest of the World 42 31 +38.1% +40.5% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3%In Europe   operating revenue amounted to €1 189 million in 2022  an increase of 17.7% both as reported and like-for-like. Europe represented 61% of Group operating revenue. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue was up 20.7% as reported and 21.1% like-for-like.In France  operating revenue amounted to €315 million in 2022  an increase of 10.2% as reported and like-for-like  including growth of 9.8% in the fourth quarter. Fourth-quarter growth was driven by an acceleration in Employee Benefits solutions  as the digital Ticket Restaurant® benefit continued to attract many clients among large corporate accounts and SMEs. Performance was also fueled by the success of Beyond Food solutions and particularly the employee engagement platform ProwebCE  the leading solution for works councils in France  with 13 000 clients and nearly 7 million employees able to access deals from 2 000 partners. This strong momentum was further enhanced by the acquisition of Enjoy Mon CSE in September 2022.Operating revenue in Europe excluding France totaled €874 million in 2022  up 20.7% as reported and like-for-like. Fourth-quarter operating revenue for the region rose by 25.3% as reported (+25.7% like-for-like)  lifted in particular by a very good performance in Employee Benefits. This is the result of the strong traction enjoyed by the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering. It also reflects the enhanced attractiveness of Beyond Food solutions  illustrated by the success of the multi-benefit  single-card offering developed in several countries (including Belgium  Portugal and Finland) and the end-of-year gift card campaign.The region’s performance also reflects robust growth in Edenred’s Fleet & Mobility Solutions thanks to the continued deployment of its Beyond Fuel strategy  as well as its agility in adapting to the changing needs of its clients  as illustrated by the new partnership with Chargepoint in April 2022.Operating revenue amounted to €603 million in Latin America in 2022  up 33.6% as reported (+18.7% like-for-like). The region accounted for 31% of consolidated operating revenue in 2022. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue increased by 34.3% as reported (+20.5% like-for-like).In Brazil  operating revenue rose by 16.7% like-for-like in 2022 versus 2021. Fourth-quarter operating revenue climbed 16.5% like-for-like. This robust growth reflects a very good performance in Employee Benefits spurred by the success of the Ticket Superflex multi-benefit offering and the growing contribution of the Itaú partnership in the SME segment. Performance was also driven by Fleet & Mobility Solutions  thanks to strong business momentum in the SME segment and the ongoing success of the Beyond Fuel strategy  with maintenance and toll solutions continuing to prove extremely popular with fleet managers.In Hispanic Latin America  operating revenue climbed 23.0% like-for-like in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue advanced 29.0% like-for-like  reflecting both accelerating growth in Employee Benefits solutions and another good performance from Fleet & Mobility Solutions.In the Rest of the World   operating revenue amounted to €152 million  up 25.2% as reported and up 32.7% like-for-like over the period. This very good performance was notably driven by robust business momentum for Edenred CSI’s Corporate Payment Services  illustrated by the 38% year-on-year increase in virtual cards issued in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue rose by 38.1% as reported (+40.5% like-for-like).Other revenue: €87 millionOther revenue represented €87 million in 2022  a rise of 96.1% as reported (+95.5% like-for-like). In the fourth quarter  other revenue totaled €33 million  up 172.0% as reported (+174.9% like-for-like). This significant increase reflects the impact of business growth on the float4  as well as favorable changes in interest rates in all regions where the Group operates  with a gradual acceleration quarter after quarter. This results from the steady rise in interest rates observed for several quarters now in Latin America and Europe (outside the euro zone)  and from the more recent increase in the euro zone.Record EBITDA: €836 millionEBITDA came in at an all-time high of €836 million in 2022  [at the top end of the range announced in October 20225]  delivering record growth of 24.9% as reported and of 23.3% like-for-like.The EBITDA margin was 0.7 percentage point higher like-for-like  at 41.2%. Edenred kept a tight rein on operating expenses while accelerating spending on innovation and technology to fuel its future growth  illustrating its operating leverage. Edenred also benefited from the contribution of other revenue.Net profit: €386 millionNet profit  Group share came in at €386 million  up 23.3% in line with the growth in EBITDA.Net profit takes into account other income and expenses for a net expense of €30 million (versus a net expense of €33 million in 2021)  a net financial expense of €54 million (versus €19 million in 2021)6  a net income tax expense of €188 million (versus €151 million in 2021)  and €(31) million attributable to non-controlling interests (versus €(30) million in 2021).Strong cash flow generationEdenred leveraged its strongly cash generative business model to deliver record-high funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) of €673 million in 2022  up 21% as reported.In 2022  Edenred continued to invest in its platform to fuel the Group’s sustainable and profitable growth and lengthen its technology lead. Capital expenditure in 2022 amounted to €151 million  or 7.4% of Group total revenue  in line with the 7%-8% expected under the Beyond 22-25 plan.In all  free cash flow was a record €881 million in 2022  lifted by the increase in the float – notably due to the good fourth-quarter performance – and by the positive impact of regulatory changes affecting the Ticket City product in Germany  for which the related cash was considered as restricted until January 1  2022. Excluding the one-off impact of this change in regulations  free cash flow would have amounted to €711 million for 2022  compared with €518 million for 2021  with a free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate of 85% versus 77% in the previous year.Even stronger financial positionAt December 31  2022  Edenred had net debt of €307 million  versus €816 million at December 31  2021. This sharp year-on-year decrease in net debt notably reflects free cash flow generation of €881 million over 2022  €240 million returned to shareholders  and a €43 million negative impact from currency effects and non-recurring items.The Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio therefore stood at 0.4x in 2022  versus 1.2x in 2021.Edenred enjoys a robust financial position with a high level of liquidity and a solid balance sheet. In April 2022  Standard & Poor’s affirmed the Group’s BBB+ Strong Investment Grade rating and upgraded its outlook from stable to positive.The cost of the Group’s debt was 2.2% in 2022 versus 0.7% in the prior year  a rise of 1.5 percentage points notably due to higher interest rates in the euro zone.Commitment to ESG and extra-financial performanceThroughout 2022  Edenred continued to implement its corporate social responsibility policy  “Ideal”  which is aimed at improving quality of life (People)  protecting the environment (Planet) and creating value ethically and responsibly (Progress). The Group exceeded its extra-financial objectives for 2022. Under the People component  for example  33% of executive positions are now held by women (2 points above target). Regarding its Planet goals  greenhouse gas emissions intensity has been reduced by 51% since 2013 (compared with the 36% target). Lastly  regarding the Progress pillar  58% of users and merchants have now been made aware of balanced nutrition and food waste (against a target of 52%).Moreover  the Group is increasingly recognized for its commitment to environmental  social and governance (ESG) practices. In September 2022  for example  Edenred joined the Paris stock exchange’s Euronext CAC 40 ESG index  taking its place alongside other companies demonstrating ESG best practices.Over the long term  Edenred confirms that it will step up its ESG commitments  as announced at its Capital Markets Day in October 2022. At this event  the Group placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  committing to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets7 and stepping up the objectives of its “Ideal” CSR policy  with the aim of cementing its status as an employer of choice and a trustworthy Tech for Good company through its solutions that encourage more virtuous and responsible behaviors.€1.00 dividend proposed for 2022Edenred is proposing a dividend of €1.00 per share for 2022  representing an 11% increase compared with the prior year  in line with the Group’s policy of progressive dividend growth. This dividend will be submitted to shareholders for approval at Edenred’s Combined General Meeting on May 11  2023. Payment of the dividend will be made solely in cash.Dividend payment schedule:June 7  2023: Ex-date.June 8  2023: Record date.June 9  2023: Dividend payment date.OUTLOOKOn the strength of its record-breaking 2022 performance  the Group is confident as it moves into 2023  and expects to see continued strong business growth in all regions and all business lines.2023 will continue to be shaped by structural trends such as changes in the working world and the start of a new era of mobility coupled with global ecosystem digitization. Against this backdrop  the Group will push ahead with scaling its unique platform advantage  deploying its Beyond 22-25 strategic plan with three priorities:Scale the Core: grow further in its existing markets  which are still largely underpenetrated  notably by capitalizing on a segmented go-to-market strategy  and cross-selling and up-selling in its client portfolio;Extend Beyond: accelerate the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies by launching and deploying more value-added services for its clients  partner merchants and users;Expand in New Businesses: expand into promising new geographies.While the economic environment remains relatively uncertain  Edenred continues to benefit from the increased attractiveness of its solutions amid reduced purchasing power  a talent war  and the need for better control of fleet expenses.Boasting low leverage and high cash flow generation  Edenred will continue to invest in order to strengthen its technology leadership and fuel its innovation strategy. Edenred also plans to seize external growth opportunities to support the three development priorities of its Beyond 22 - 25 plan in each of its business lines  boosted by more than €2 billion in M&A fire power.Lastly  Edenred confirms the targets set out in its new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan for 2023  namely:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%8SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE FOURTH QUARTEREdenred expands its Corporate Payment invoice automation capabilities in the US  with the acquisition of IPSEdenred announced the acquisition of IPS  a leading invoice automation vendor  through its corporate payment subsidiary Edenred CSI. This acquisition enhances Edenred CSI’s value proposition by expanding along the procure-to-pay value chain and integrating a turnkey invoice automation solution into its digital platform.By combining suppliers’ invoice processing and payment automation  Edenred CSI clients will have access to an end-to-end integrated solution that further simplifies and streamlines the management of the entire accounts payable process.Edenred presents Beyond 22-25   its new strategic plan through 2025  to coincide with its Capital Markets Day on October 25  2022In an environment shaped by accelerating new structural trends such as changes in the working world  a new era of mobility and global ecosystem digitization  Edenred aims to become the global platform of choice at work in larger markets.Edenred operates in markets that are still largely underpenetrated and that therefore harbor considerable growth opportunities  reinforced by widespread adoption of new behaviors. Against this backdrop  the Group intends to leverage to the full its unique global platform advantage by developing a common approach in each of its business lines based on three priorities: Scale the Core  Extend Beyond and Expand in New Businesses.The Beyond 22-25 strategic plan will drive sustainable and profitable growth and generate high levels of free cash flow over the 2022-2025 period. Edenred has also placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  announcing an acceleration in its extra-financial commitments  including a commitment to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets.Edenred acquires a stake in Betterway to accelerate the development of sustainable corporate mobilityEdenred announced that it had acquired a €4 million stake in Betterway  a pioneer in corporate mobility passes. The two companies had been business partners since September 2022. This new alliance will consolidate their strategic vision. By contributing to Betterway’s development  Edenred is strengthening its leadership position in the employee benefits market. The joint Edenred-Betterway mobility offering will provide the Group’s clients with the most comprehensive and innovative solution on the French market.UPCOMING EVENTSApril 20  2023: First-quarter 2023 revenueMay 11  2023: General MeetingJuly 25  2023: First-half 2023 resultsOctober 19  2023: Third-quarter 2023 revenue▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73 baptiste.fournier@edenred.comAPPENDICESGlossary and list of references neededfor a proper understanding of financial informationa) Main termsLike-for-like  impact of changes in the scope of consolidation  currency effect:Like-for-like or organic growth corresponds to comparable growth  i.e.  growth at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation. This indicator reflects the Group’s business performance.Changes in activity (like-for-like or organic growth) represent changes in amounts between the current period and the comparative period  adjusted for currency effects and for the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals.The impact of acquisitions is eliminated from the amount reported for the current period. The impact of disposals is eliminated from the amount reported for the comparative period. The sum of these two amounts is known as the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation or the scope effect.The calculation of changes in activity is translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period and divided by the adjusted amount for the comparative period.The currency effect is the difference between the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate for the reported period and the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period.Business volume:Business volume comprises total issue volume of Employee Benefits  Incentive and Rewards  Public Social Program solutions and Corporate Payment Services  plus the transaction volume of Fleet & Mobility Solutions and other solutions.Issue volume:Issue volume is the total face value of the funds preloaded on all of the payment solutions issued by Edenred to its corporate and public sector clients.Transaction volume:Transaction volume represents the total value of the transactions paid for with payment instruments  at the time of the transaction.b) Alternative performance measurement indicators included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportThe alternative performance measurement indicators outlined below are presented and reconciled with accounting data in the Annual Financial Report.Indicator Reference note in Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Operating revenueOperating revenue corresponds to:operating revenue generated by prepaid vouchers managed by Edenred and operating revenue from value-added services such as incentive programs  human services and event-related services.It corresponds to the amount billed to the client company and is recognized on delivery of the solutions. Other revenueOther revenue is interest generated by investing cash over the period between:the issue date and the reimbursement date for vouchers and the loading date and the redeeming date for cards. The interest represents a component of operating revenue and as such is included in the determination of total revenue.EBITDAThis aggregate corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses.It is used as the benchmark for determining senior management and other executive compensation as it reflects the economic performance of the business.EBITThis aggregate is the ""Operating profit before other income and expenses""  which corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses  depreciation  amortization (mainly intangible assets  internally generated or acquired assets) and non-operating provisions.EBIT excludes the net profit from equity-accounted companies and excludes the other income and expenses booked in the “Operating profit including share of net profit from equity-accounted companies”.Other income and expenses See Note 10.1 of consolidated financial statements Funds from operations (FFO) See consolidated statement of cash flows (Part 1.4)c) Alternative performance measurement indicators not included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportIndicator Definitions and reconciliations with Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Free cash flow Free cash flow corresponds to cash generated by operating activities less investments in intangible assets and property  plant and equipment.Operating revenueQ1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 270 237 281 238 283 241 355 294 1 189 1 010 France 76 69 74 66 71 65 94 86 315 286 Rest of Europe 194 168 207 172 212 176 261 208 874 724 Latin America 123 97 148 107 161 120 172 128 603 452 Rest of the world 33 29 36 28 40 33 42 31 152 121 Total 426 363 465 373 484 393 569 454 1 944 1 583 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +13.8% +13.4% +18.1% +18.0% +17.5% +17.6% +20.7% +21.1% +17.7% +17.7% France +10.3% +10.3% +12.2% +12.2% +8.7% +8.7% +9.8% +9.8% +10.2% +10.2% Rest of Europe +15.3% +14.8% +16.9% +16.8% +24.3% +24.4% +25.3% +25.7% +20.7% +20.7% Latin America +26.5% +16.5% +38.0% +17.2% +34.6% +19.9% +34.3% +20.5% +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the world +14.3% +26.0% +26.9% +36.7% +21.1% +27.7% +38.1% +40.5% +25.2% +32.7% Total +17.3% +15.3% +24.5% +19.2% +23.0% +19.1% +25.8% +22.3% +22.8% +19.2%Other revenueQ1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn € millions2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 5 3 6 3 9 3 17 5 37 14 France 2 1 1 1 1 1 3 3 7 6 Rest of Europe 3 2 5 2 8 2 14 2 30 8 Latin America 7 6 10 6 11 6 14 7 42 25 Rest of the world 1 1 2 1 2 1 3 2 8 5 Total 13 10 18 10 23 11 33 13 87 44 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +40.5% +39.1% +89.8% +88.9% +165.4% +165.3% +342.8% +344.8% +166.8% +166.8% France +5.6% +5.6% -2.0% -2.0% +4.0% +4.0% +70.5% +70.5% +20.0% +20.0% Rest of Europe +66.0% +63.5% +159.5% +158.0% +281.4% +281.2% +511.2% +514.4% +269.7% +269.7% Latin America +33.5% +22.8% +71.1% +44.1% +74.7% +54.0% +80.0% +63.4% +66.3% +47.6% Rest of the world -18.9% +35.3% +10.1% +78.4% +60.0% +149.1% +185.2% +334.8% +50.3% +136.4% Total +28.9% +29.7% +69.1% +63.0% +100.1% +99.7% +172.0% +174.9% +96.1% +95.5%Total revenueQ1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 275 240 287 241 292 244 372 299 1 226 1 024 France 78 70 75 67 72 67 97 88 322 292 Rest of Europe 197 170 212 174 220 178 275 210 904 732 Latin America 130 103 158 113 172 126 186 135 645 477 Rest of the world 34 30 38 30 42 34 45 32 160 126 Total 439 373 482 384 506 405 603 465 2 031 1 627 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +14.2% +13.8% +19.1% +19.0% +19.6% +19.6% +24.9% +25.3% +19.7% +19.7% France +10.2% +10.2% +11.9% +11.9% +8.6% +8.6% +10.8% +10.8% +10.4% +10.4% Rest of Europe +15.9% +15.3% +18.4% +18.3% +27.3% +27.4% +30.7% +31.3% +23.5% +23.5% Latin America +26.9% +16.8% +39.6% +18.6% +36.7% +21.7% +36.8% +22.9% +35.3% +20.2% Rest of the world +12.9% +26.5% +26.1% +38.6% +22.8% +32.9% +42.6% +49.4% +26.3% +36.9% Total +17.6% +15.7% +25.7% +20.4% +25.2% +21.4% +29.6% +26.3% +24.8% +21.2%EBITDA et EBITIn € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 536 426 +26.1% +26.0% France 117 107 +9.7% +9.7% Rest of Europe 419 319 +31.6% +31.5% Latin America 276 209 +32.1% +17.8% Rest of the world 38 33 +14.5% +38.9% Others (14) 2 N/A N/A EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3%In € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 458 354 +29.5% +29.5% France 93 85 +9.3% +9.3% Rest of Europe 365 269 +35.9% +35.9% Latin America 232 174 +33.3% +20.3% Rest of the world 21 18 +19.4% +66.0% Others (24) (8) N/A N/A EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1%Summarized balance sheetIn € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021In € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021ASSETS LIABILITIES Goodwill 1 605 1 506 Total equity (613) (869) Intangible assets 738 677 Property  plant & equipment 157 156 Gross debt and other financial liabilities 3 341 3 538 Investments in associates 67 67 Provisions and deferred tax 168 185 Other non-current assets 164 178 Float (Trade receivables  net) 1 562 1 322 Vouchers in circulation (Float) 5 840 5 258 Working capital excl. float (assets) 1 731 1 267 Working capital excl. float (liabilities) 2 438 2 211 Restricted cash 2 120 2 428 Cash & cash equivalents and other current financial assets 3 030 2 722 TOTAL ASSETS 11 174 10 323 TOTAL LIABILITIES 11 174 10 323 Dec. 2022 Dec. 2021 Total working capital 4 985 4 880 Of which float: 4 278 3 936From Net profit  Group share to Free Cash FlowsIn € millions 2022 2021 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 386 313 Non-controlling interests 31 30 Dividends received from equity-accounted companies 10 14 Difference between income tax paid and income tax expense 26 16 Non-cash impact from other income and expenses 220 183 = Funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) 673 556 Decrease (Increase) in working capital 11 84 (145) Recurring decrease (Increase) in restricted cash 275 221 = Net cash from (used in) operating activities 1 032 632 - Recurring capital expenditure (151) (114) = Free cash flows (FCF) 881 (9) 518(10)1 To be proposed at the General Meeting of May 11  2023.2 Based on constant regulations and methods.3 Turkey is now qualified as a hyperinflationary economy. The Group has therefore applied IAS 29 – Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies to its operations in this country since January 1  2022.4 The float corresponds to a portion of the operating working capital from the preloading of funds by corporate clients.5 In October 2022  the Group upgraded its EBITDA outlook to between €810 million and €840 million  compared with a target range of between €770 million and €810 million announced in July 2022.6 Net financial expense in 2022 takes into account the negative impact of exchange rates and of hyperinflation in Argentina and Turkey. In 2021  net financial expense included the increase in the fair value of Edenred’s investments in the Partech funds.7 For scopes 1  2 and 3a.8 Based on constant regulations and methods.9 Including a one-off positive impact of €170 million from the change in regulations in Germany in 2022.10 Including payment of the €157 million fine issued by France’s antitrust authority.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.76,0.12,0.13,True,English,"['top line growth', 'new records', '2022 annual results', 'Edenred', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG index', 'future external growth opportunities', 'strong top line growth', 'strong business volume growth', 'higher interest rates', 'Free cash flow', 'Industry-leading ESG ratings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'reduced purchasing power', 'first nine months', '22-25 strategic plan', '2022 key financial metrics', 'strong business momentum', 'corporate payment efficiency', 'three business lines', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'employees’ purchasing power', 'Record financial performance', 'new client wins', 'favorable 3.6% currency effect', 'favorable 3.7% currency effect', 'EBITDA conversion rate', 'Beyond 22-25 plan', 'relevant, user-friendly solutions', 'Fourth-quarter operating revenue', 'ESG commitments', '22-25 targets', 'financial statements', 'profitable growth', 'innovation momentum', 'Payment strategies', '0.0% scope effect', 'EBITDA growth', 'Net profit', 'Extra-financial performance', 'good performance', 'new records', 'Further penetration', 'SME segment', 'Increased use', 'Ticket Restaurant ®', 'employee engagement', 'digital maintenance', 'extra-financial targets', 'Bertrand Dumazy', '€2 billion mark', 'unwavering commitment', 'extra-financial goals', 'world leader', 'work practices', 'fleet electrification', 'new partnerships', 'growing number', 'scope effects', 'Total revenue', 'Other revenue', 'Food solutions', 'toll solutions', 'EBITDA margin', 'funds solutions', 'concrete solutions', 'fourth quarter', 'Beyond Food', 'Further investments', 'technology leadership', 'platform advantage', '2022 annual results', 'Fuel offering', 'technology investments', 'Further acceleration', 'year increase', 'existing markets', 'Group share', 'Edenred solutions', 'Edenred platform', '22.3% growth', '10,000 employees', 'mobility', 'success', '0.4x', 'Deployment', 'implementation', 'efficient', 'Chairman', 'progress', 'rewards', 'multitude', 'areas', 'changing', 'security', 'portfolio', 'ability', 'prospects', 'sustainable', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'millions', '2021 % change', 'basis', 'rise', 'account', 'figures', '2023', '19.']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611733/0/en/Lleida-net-obtains-a-new-patent-in-the-field-of-certification-by-the-Gulf-Cooperation-Council.html,Lleida.net obtains a new patent in the field of certification by the Gulf Cooperation Council,MADRID  Spain  Feb. 21  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish publicly traded company Lleida.net (LLN.MC) (ALLLN.PA) (LLEIF.US) has been granted a new patent by the Gulf Cooperation Council (the organization that brings together the main economies in the Middle Ea…,"MADRID  Spain  Feb. 21  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish publicly traded company Lleida.net (LLN.MC) (ALLLN.PA) (LLEIF.US) has been granted a new patent by the Gulf Cooperation Council (the organization that brings together the main economies in the Middle East).The recognition number 221  granted to the corporation  corresponds to its ""Method for the certification of electronic mail containing a recognized electronic signature on the part of a telecommunications operator"" and has a validity of 20 years. Its reference number is GC0012097.""This patent is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team and allows us to continue to lead in the field of electronic certifications and digital signatures "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company. ""We are convinced that this new patent reinforces our position in key markets such as Dubai or Saudi Arabia  where our electronic certification solutions are already well-received and where we expect to continue to grow "" he added.Recently  the company received recognition from the Danish authorities and from those of the European Union. Lleida.net's growth strategy in the market for electronic signature  notification  and contracting in the countries where it is present and those it plans to be in the future is based on a solid policy of growth in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a strengthening of its internationalization policy.Lleida.net is the European leader in the field of registered electronic signature  notification  and contracting and already has 220 patents received from more than 64 countries around the world. Its portfolio is one of the most solid in the sector worldwide  including the European Union  the United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia  and New Zealand.It is listed on the OTCQX index of New York  Euronext Growth in Paris  and BME Growth in Madrid.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Gulf Cooperation Council', 'Lleida.net', 'new patent', 'field', 'certification', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'registered electronic signature', 'electronic certification solutions', 'electronic mail', 'electronic certifications', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'LLN.MC', 'main economies', 'Middle East', 'telecommunications operator', 'reference number', 'hard work', 'digital signatures', 'Sisco Sapena', 'key markets', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Danish authorities', 'European Union', 'Lleida.net', 'solid policy', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'internationalization policy', 'European leader', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'New Zealand', 'OTCQX index', 'New York', 'growth strategy', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'new patent', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'Spanish', 'company', 'LLEIF.', 'US', 'organization', 'recognition', 'corporation', 'Method', 'part', 'validity', '20 years', 'testament', 'dedication', 'team', 'field', 'CEO', 'founder', 'position', 'Dubai', 'notification', 'contracting', 'countries', 'future', 'strengthening', '220 patents', 'world', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'China', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Paris']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GLOBAL-BIOENERGIES-8071529/news/Global-Bioenergies-successfully-hits-milestone-in-Shell-collaboration-and-signs-follow-on-agreement-43037548/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Global Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-on agreement,(marketscreener.com)          Global Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-on agreement Evry  21 February 2023 – Global Bioenergies announces having hit a key milestone in the Shell agreement signed in November 2022 i…,Global Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-on agreementEvry  21 February 2023 – Global Bioenergies announces having hit a key milestone in the Shell agreement signed in November 2022 in the field of renewable road fuels research. As a consequence  Shell and Global Bioenergies signed an extension to the initial agreement to pursue further research and start the development of innovative solutions based on Global Bioenergies’ process.Marc Delcourt  Co-founder and CEO Global Bioenergies  declares: “Our relationship with Shell could not have started better  and we look forward to strengthening our partnership.”Matthias Mundt  General Manager Fuels Tech Future Mobility Portfolio at Shell  says: “We see promising results  and are keen to extending our R&D agreement to push the boundaries and explore the possibilities provided by bio-sourced isobutene in the field of low carbon fuels.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Global Bioenergies', 'Shell collaboration', 'milestone', 'signs', 'agreement', 'General Manager Fuels Tech Future Mobility Portfolio', 'renewable road fuels research', 'low carbon fuels', 'natural make-up brand', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'major cosmetics companies', 'R&D agreement', 'Global Bioenergies’ process', 'road sector', 'cosmetics industry', 'carbon footprint', 'global warming', 'initial agreement', 'innovative solutions', 'Marc Delcourt', 'Matthias Mundt', 'promising results', 'bio-sourced isobutene', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'long run', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'key milestone', 'Shell collaboration', 'Shell agreement', 'signs', 'Evry', 'November', 'field', 'consequence', 'extension', 'development', 'founder', 'CEO', 'relationship', 'partnership', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'Isonaturane®', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611721/0/en/Global-Bioenergies-successfully-hits-milestone-in-Shell-collaboration-and-signs-follow-on-agreement.html,Global Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-on agreement,Global Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-on agreement    Evry  21 February 2023 – Global......,French EnglishGlobal Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-on agreementEvry  21 February 2023 – Global Bioenergies announces having hit a key milestone in the Shell agreement signed in November 2022 in the field of renewable road fuels research. As a consequence  Shell and Global Bioenergies signed an extension to the initial agreement to pursue further research and start the development of innovative solutions based on Global Bioenergies’ process.Marc Delcourt  Co-founder and CEO Global Bioenergies  declares: “Our relationship with Shell could not have started better  and we look forward to strengthening our partnership.”Matthias Mundt  General Manager Fuels Tech Future Mobility Portfolio at Shell  says: “We see promising results  and are keen to extending our R&D agreement to push the boundaries and explore the possibilities provided by bio-sourced isobutene in the field of low carbon fuels.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Global Bioenergies', 'Shell collaboration', 'milestone', 'signs', 'agreement', 'General Manager Fuels Tech Future Mobility Portfolio', 'renewable road fuels research', 'low carbon fuels', 'natural make-up brand', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'major cosmetics companies', 'R&D agreement', 'Global Bioenergies’ process', 'road sector', 'cosmetics industry', 'carbon footprint', 'global warming', 'French English', 'initial agreement', 'innovative solutions', 'Marc Delcourt', 'Matthias Mundt', 'promising results', 'bio-sourced isobutene', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'long run', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'key milestone', 'Shell agreement', 'collaboration', 'signs', 'Evry', 'November', 'field', 'consequence', 'extension', 'development', 'founder', 'CEO', 'relationship', 'partnership', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'Isonaturane®', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AVANTIUM-N-V-34281612/news/Origin-Materials-and-Avantium-to-Accelerate-the-Mass-Production-of-FDCA-and-PEF-for-Advanced-Chemica-43045601/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Origin Materials and Avantium to Accelerate the Mass Production of FDCA and PEF for Advanced Chemicals and Plastics,(marketscreener.com) Strategic partnership will produce FDCA from Origin’s carbon-negative platform for producing chemical intermediates from sustainable wood residues and Avantium’s YXY® Technologyhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AVANTIUM-N-V-342…,Strategic partnership will produce FDCA from Origin’s carbon-negative platform for producing chemical intermediates from sustainable wood residues and Avantium’s YXY® TechnologyOrigin Materials  Inc. (“Origin” and “Origin Materials”) (NASDAQ: ORGN  ORGNW)  the world’s leading carbon negative materials company with a mission to enable the world’s transition to sustainable materials  and Avantium N.V. (“Avantium”)  (Euronext: AVTX) a leading technology company in renewable chemistry  today announced a partnership to accelerate the mass production of FDCA and PEF for use in advanced chemicals and plastics.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005692/en/The partnership aims to bring together the strengths of Origin’s patented carbon-negative technology platform  which turns the carbon found in sustainable wood residues into useful materials including chloromethylfurfural (“CMF”)  with Avantium’s YXY® Technology  which can be used to convert derivatives of Origin’s CMF into FDCA  the chemical building block for the polymer PEF  at attractive unit economics.The partnership represents a potential breakthrough in the commercialization of cost-competitive and low-carbon PEF  a polymer with an attractive combination of sustainability and performance characteristics for packaging including enhanced barrier properties. The produced PEF is expected to be 100% plant-based  fully recyclable  have attractive unit economics  and to offer a significantly reduced carbon footprint  with superior strength  thermal properties  and barrier properties compared to today’s widely used petroleum-based materials.“We are excited to partner with Avantium  a leading innovator and developer of sustainable chemistry  on a project with far-reaching impact ” said John Bissell  Origin Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. “Together we aim to bring the value of FDCA and one of its main applications  PEF  to the industry at large and to drive decarbonization throughout the supply chain. By combining Origin’s revolutionary platform  which can produce key FDCA precursors like CMF from sustainable wood residues  with Avantium’s YXY® process technology  we aim to transform the polymers and materials industry. This partnership accelerates our efforts to bring economical non-food based FDCA and PEF to market.”“We are excited to enter into this strategic partnership with Origin Materials  a leading sustainable materials company and like-minded partner committed to revolutionizing the chemical and plastics industry ” said Tom van Aken  CEO of Avantium. “The technologies of both companies are highly complementary and will also enable the use of non-edible  renewable feedstocks for the production of FDCA and PEF  meeting the expectations of brand owners and consumers worldwide. This supplements the feedstock options for our technology. We look forward to working together on our shared ambition to transition the world to large-scale sustainable materials made from non-fossil resources.”The partnership includes a licensing agreement providing Origin with access to relevant parts of Avantium’s process technology for producing FDCA from Origin’s CMF derivatives at a 100 metric kilotons per annum scale facility and a conditional offtake agreement under which Avantium will supply Origin Materials with FDCA and PEF from its plants to accelerate market development. Under the terms of the transaction  Avantium received an upfront payment of €5 million in 2022 and  as a result of signing the licensing agreement  will receive an additional payment of €7.5 million  and may receive additional payments depending on the achievement of certain development milestones. Origin expects to incorporate Avantium's process technology into the supply chain for product from future plants.About Origin MaterialsHeadquartered in West Sacramento  Origin Materials is the world's leading carbon negative materials company. Origin’s mission is to enable the world’s transition to sustainable materials. For over a decade  Origin has developed a platform for turning the carbon found in inexpensive  plentiful  non-food biomass such as sustainable wood residues into useful materials while capturing carbon in the process. Origin’s patented technology platform can help revolutionize the production of a wide range of end products  including clothing  textiles  plastics  packaging  car parts  tires  carpeting  toys  and more with a ~$1 trillion addressable market. In addition  Origin’s technology platform is expected to provide stable pricing largely decoupled from the petroleum supply chain  which is exposed to more volatility than supply chains based on sustainable wood residues. Origin’s patented drop-in core technology  economics and carbon impact are supported by a growing list of major global customers and investors.For more information  visit www.originmaterials.com.About AvantiumAvantium is a leading technology development company and a frontrunner in renewable chemistry. Avantium develops novel technologies based on renewable carbon sources as an alternative to fossil-based chemicals and plastics. The company currently has three technologies at pilot and demonstration phase. The most advanced technology is the YXY® plant-to-plastics–technology that catalytically converts plant-based sugars into FDCA (furandicarboxylic acid)  the key building block for the sustainable plastic PEF (polyethylene furanoate). Avantium has successfully demonstrated the YXY® Technology at its pilot plant in Geleen  the Netherlands  and has started construction of the world's first commercial plant for FDCA in 2022  with planned large-scale production of PEF in 2024. The second technology is Ray Technology™ which catalytically converts industrial sugars to plant-based MEG (mono-ethylene glycol) and plant-based MPG (mono-propylene glycol): plantMEG™ and plantMPG™. Avantium is scaling up its Ray Technology™ and the demonstration plant in Delfzijl  the Netherlands opened in November 2019. The third technology is called the Dawn Technology™ that converts non-food biomass into industrial sugars and lignin in order to help transition the chemicals and materials industries to non-fossil resources. In 2018  Avantium opened the Dawn Technology™ pilot biorefinery in Delfzijl  the Netherlands. Avantium also provides R&D solutions in the field of sustainable chemistry and is the leading provider of advanced catalyst testing technology and services to accelerate catalyst R&D. Avantium works in partnership with like-minded companies around the globe to create revolutionary renewable chemistry solutions from invention to commercial scale.Avantium’s shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Brussels (symbol: AVTX). Avantium is incorporated in the Euronext Amsterdam SmallCap Index (AScX). Its offices and headquarters are in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “believe ” “may ” “will ” “estimate ” “continue ” “anticipate ” “intend ” “expect ” “should ” “would ” “plan ” “predict ” “potential ” “seem ” “seek ” “future ” “outlook ” and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the potential benefit of a partnership with Avantium  the ability to convert CMF into FDCA at attractive unit economics  the expectation that the produced PEF is expected to be 100% plant-based and fully recyclable  future payments under the licensing agreement between Avantium and Origin  expectation that Avantium's process technology will be incorporated into the supply chain for product from future plants  plans to accelerate market development  Origin Materials’ business strategy  estimated total addressable market  commercial and operating plans  product development plans  anticipated growth and projected financial information and ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any partnerships discussed in the press release. These statements are based on various assumptions  whether or not identified in this press release  and on the current expectations of the management of Origin Materials and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as  and must not be relied on as  a guarantee  an assurance  a prediction  or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Origin Materials. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  including that Origin Materials may be unable to successfully commercialize its products; the effects of competition on Origin Materials’ business; the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to Origin; disruptions and other impacts to Origin’s business as a result of outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic  Russia’s military intervention in Ukraine  the impact of severe weather events  and other global health or economic crises; changes in customer demand; and those factors discussed in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 3  2022 under the heading “Risk Factors ” and other documents Origin Materials has filed  or will file  with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect  actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that Origin Materials presently does not know  or that Origin Materials currently believes are immaterial  that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition  forward-looking statements reflect Origin Materials’ expectations  plans  or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this press release. Origin Materials anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its assessments to change. However  while Origin Materials may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future  Origin Materials specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Origin Materials’ assessments of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. Accordingly  undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005692/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Origin Materials', 'Mass Production', 'Advanced Chemicals', 'Avantium', 'FDCA', 'PEF', 'Plastics', 'leading carbon negative materials company', 'inexpensive, plentiful, non-food biomass', 'economical non-food based FDCA', 'leading sustainable materials company', 'leading technology development company', 'leading technology company', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Tom van Aken', 'annum scale facility', 'major global customers', 'sustainable wood residues', 'large-scale sustainable materials', 'non-edible, renewable feedstocks', 'conditional offtake agreement', 'chemical building block', 'attractive unit economics', '~$1 trillion addressable market', 'enhanced barrier properties', 'petroleum supply chain', 'key FDCA precursors', 'Avantium N.V.', 'carbon-negative technology platform', 'YXY® process technology', 'leading innovator', 'sustainable chemistry', 'YXY® Technology', 'attractive combination', 'market development', 'development milestones', 'useful materials', 'petroleum-based materials', 'carbon-negative platform', 'carbon footprint', 'carbon impact', 'renewable chemistry', 'thermal properties', 'licensing agreement', 'core technology', 'supply chains', 'materials industry', 'chemical intermediates', 'advanced chemicals', 'press release', 'full release', 'potential breakthrough', 'performance characteristics', 'superior strength', 'reaching impact', 'John Bissell', 'main applications', 'revolutionary platform', 'minded partner', 'brand owners', 'feedstock options', 'fossil resources', 'relevant parts', '100 metric kilotons', 'upfront payment', 'additional payment', 'West Sacramento', 'wide range', 'end products', 'car parts', 'stable pricing', 'growing list', 'novel techno', 'Origin Materials', 'future plants', 'Origin Co-Founder', 'mass production', 'Strategic partnership', 'low-carbon PEF', 'plastics industry', 'CMF derivatives', 'NASDAQ', 'ORGN', 'world', 'mission', 'transition', 'AVTX', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'strengths', 'chloromethylfurfural', 'commercialization', 'cost-competitive', 'sustainability', 'packaging', 'developer', 'project', 'value', 'decarbonization', 'efforts', 'CEO', 'technologies', 'companies', 'expectations', 'consumers', 'ambition', 'access', 'terms', 'transaction', 'result', 'achievement', 'decade', 'clothing', 'textiles', 'tires', 'carpeting', 'toys', 'volatility', 'investors', 'information', 'originmaterials', 'frontrunner']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAGAX-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIMI-139374418/news/Sagax-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-2022-Press-Release-3-SAGAX-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIMI-43042535/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Sagax Real Estate SOCIMI S A : 2022 Press Release 3 SAGAX REAL ESTATE SOCIMI,(marketscreener.com)   Barcelona  10 February  2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse   and repealing Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of t…,"The increase in Net operating income was mainly due to property acquisitions. During the period  rental revenue in comparable portfolio increased with 8 1%.No ofDuring that period 7 properties were acquired with a lettable area of 32 400 square meters.No ofPursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  and repealing Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC  and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  Sagax Real Estate SOCIMI  S.A. (the ""Company"") hereby notifies the following information:Other informationAt the end of the period  the company had 6 employees.The above documentation is also available on the Company's website (www.sagax.es).Sincerely SAGAX REAL ESTATE SOCIMI  S.A.Carlos GalofreDirector- 2 -",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Sagax Real Estate SOCIMI', 'Press Release', 'Sagax Real Estate SOCIMI', 'Net operating income', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Carlos Galofre Director', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'property acquisitions', 'rental revenue', 'comparable portfolio', 'lettable area', '32,400 square meters', 'European Parliament', 'Commission Directives', 'S.A.', 'following information', 'Other information', 'above documentation', 'increase', 'period', 'No', '7 properties', 'Article', 'Council', '16 April', 'Company', 'end', '6 employees', 'website']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Leroy-Merlin-and-Voltalia-sign-the-first-Corporate-PPA-for-a-new-wind-power-plant-in-France-43044311/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Leroy Merlin and Voltalia sign the first Corporate PPA for a new wind power plant in France,(marketscreener.com)  Leroy Merlin and Voltalia sign the first Corporate PPA for a new wind power plant in France Leroy Merlin  France's leading home improvement retail company  and Voltalia   an international player in renewable energies  announced the sign…,"Leroy Merlin and Voltalia sign the first Corporate PPA for a new wind power plant in FranceLeroy Merlin  France's leading home improvement retail company  and Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announced the signing of a long-term power sales agreement for the entire output of a 23.6 megawatt wind farm currently under construction.Leroy Merlin and Voltalia have signed a new Corporate PPA1. The home improvement retailer will purchase the output of a 23.6 megawatt wind farm that Voltalia is currently building in the Bourgogne Franche-Comté region for 23 years. It is scheduled to be commissioned before the end of the first half of 2023.With an annual volume of 60 gigawatt hours  the Corporate PPA will enable the various entities of Adeo France  of which Leroy Merlin is a part  to source approximately 20% of its electricity consumption from renewable energy.After the signature of a first Corporate PPA in September 2022 with Voltalia for the production of a future 30 megawatt solar power plant in the Centre-Val de Loire region  this new contract contributes to the decarbonisation strategy of Leroy Merlin and Adeo France’s entities. In total  the Corporate PPAs signed by Leroy Merlin represent 57% of the current electricity consumption of Adeo France entities (Leroy Merlin  Weldom  Bricoman  Adeo Services  K-bane  Zodio  etc.).This is the first additional wind power Corporate PPA signed in France: it is the first time that a company has committed to a long-term supply (23 years) from a new wind farm dedicated to it as soon as it is commissioned.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  said: ""This Corporate PPA wind power  a first in France  is part of the strategic partnership concluded in 2021 with Adeo  parent company of Leroy Merlin. Our joint actions  Voltalia and Helexia as producers of low-carbon energy and service providers  and Adeo and Leroy Merlin as players committed to sustainable housing  are contributing to the fight against global warming.""Maxime Leroy  Director of Development and Enhancement of Leroy Merlin France’s physical assets: ""We have set ourselves an ambitious objective: to supply all our shops with renewable energy by 2025. These are produced directly on our sites or through long-term partnerships with renewable energy producers. Today  with Voltalia  we are taking a new step forward by integrating a dedicated wind farm into our system  which will significantly reduce our carbon impact.""Next on the agenda: FY 2022 results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Leroy Merlin Leroy Merlin  a pioneer company of the Adeo Group  is today the leading brand in France in all distribution channels for home improvement and the living environment. Specialized in the sale of products  projects and services  Leroy Merlin France's ambition is to build with everyone new ways of living for a better tomorrow and puts customer satisfaction at the heart of its business. 28 000 employees in 143 stores in France are now committed to this idea.This mission is reflected on the www.leroymerlin.fr website  which is now one of the Top 10 French e-commerce sites. Leroy Merlin France was voted France's favorite retailer in 2021 and 2022 and has a turnover of more than €8.9 billion (including VAT in 2021).About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 Corporate PPA : Corporate Power Purchase Agreement. A Corporate PPA is a long-term contract that directly connects the electricity consumer  a company  to the producer  which builds a new renewable energy power plant to supply its customer.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new wind power plant', 'first Corporate PPA', 'Leroy Merlin', 'Voltalia', 'France', 'future 30 megawatt solar power plant', 'new renewable energy power plant', 'leading home improvement retail company', 'Centre-Val de Loire region', 'new wind power plant', 'Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'long-term power sales agreement', 'first additional wind power', 'Top 10 French e-commerce sites', 'Corporate PPA wind power', '23.6 megawatt wind farm', 'Bourgogne Franche-Comté region', 'new wind farm', 'dedicated wind farm', 'home improvement retailer', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'leroymerlin.fr website', 'renewable energy sector', 'new Corporate PPA1.', 'A Corporate PPA', 'first Corporate PPA', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy producers', 'renewable energy projects', 'current electricity consumption', 'Leroy Merlin France', 'Adeo France entities', 'leading brand', '1 Corporate PPA', 'new contract', 'new step', 'new ways', 'low-carbon energy', 'renewable energies', 'first half', 'first time', 'Corporate PPAs', 'corporate market', 'long-term partnerships', 'favorite retailer', 'long-term contract', 'parent company', 'Maxime Leroy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'annual volume', '60 gigawatt hours', 'various entities', 'decarbonisation strategy', 'long-term supply', 'strategic partnership', 'joint actions', 'service providers', 'sustainable housing', 'global warming', 'physical assets', 'ambitious objective', 'carbon impact', 'FY 2022 results', 'market opening', 'distribution channels', 'living environment', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'investor clients', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'Adeo Services', 'Adeo Group', 'green electricity', 'electricity consumer', 'pioneer company', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'entire output', 'customer satisfaction', 'local production', 'Voltalia', 'signing', 'construction', '23 years', 'end', 'signature', 'September', 'Weldom', 'Bricoman', 'K-bane', 'Zodio', 'CEO', 'Helexia', 'players', 'fight', 'Director', 'Development', 'Enhancement', 'shops', 'system', 'March', 'products', 'ambition', 'everyone', 'tomorrow', 'heart', 'business', '28,000 employees', '143 stores', 'idea', 'mission', 'turnover', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2612542/0/en/Leroy-Merlin-and-Voltalia-sign-the-first-Corporate-PPA-for-a-new-wind-power-plant-in-France.html,Leroy Merlin and Voltalia sign the first Corporate PPA for a new wind power plant in France,Leroy Merlin and Voltalia sign the first Corporate PPA for a new wind power plant in France  Leroy Merlin  France's leading home improvement retail......,"English FrenchLeroy Merlin and Voltalia sign the first Corporate PPA for a new wind power plant in FranceLeroy Merlin  France's leading home improvement retail company  and Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announced the signing of a long-term power sales agreement for the entire output of a 23.6 megawatt wind farm currently under construction.Leroy Merlin and Voltalia have signed a new Corporate PPA1. The home improvement retailer will purchase the output of a 23.6 megawatt wind farm that Voltalia is currently building in the Bourgogne Franche-Comté region for 23 years. It is scheduled to be commissioned before the end of the first half of 2023.With an annual volume of 60 gigawatt hours  the Corporate PPA will enable the various entities of Adeo France  of which Leroy Merlin is a part  to source approximately 20% of its electricity consumption from renewable energy.After the signature of a first Corporate PPA in September 2022 with Voltalia for the production of a future 30 megawatt solar power plant in the Centre-Val de Loire region  this new contract contributes to the decarbonisation strategy of Leroy Merlin and Adeo France’s entities. In total  the Corporate PPAs signed by Leroy Merlin represent 57% of the current electricity consumption of Adeo France entities (Leroy Merlin  Weldom  Bricoman  Adeo Services  K-bane  Zodio  etc.).This is the first additional wind power Corporate PPA signed in France: it is the first time that a company has committed to a long-term supply (23 years) from a new wind farm dedicated to it as soon as it is commissioned.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  said: ""This Corporate PPA wind power  a first in France  is part of the strategic partnership concluded in 2021 with Adeo  parent company of Leroy Merlin. Our joint actions  Voltalia and Helexia as producers of low-carbon energy and service providers  and Adeo and Leroy Merlin as players committed to sustainable housing  are contributing to the fight against global warming.""Maxime Leroy  Director of Development and Enhancement of Leroy Merlin France’s physical assets: ""We have set ourselves an ambitious objective: to supply all our shops with renewable energy by 2025. These are produced directly on our sites or through long-term partnerships with renewable energy producers. Today  with Voltalia  we are taking a new step forward by integrating a dedicated wind farm into our system  which will significantly reduce our carbon impact.""Next on the agenda: FY 2022 results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Leroy Merlin Leroy Merlin  a pioneer company of the Adeo Group  is today the leading brand in France in all distribution channels for home improvement and the living environment. Specialized in the sale of products  projects and services  Leroy Merlin France's ambition is to build with everyone new ways of living for a better tomorrow and puts customer satisfaction at the heart of its business. 28 000 employees in 143 stores in France are now committed to this idea.This mission is reflected on the www.leroymerlin.fr website  which is now one of the Top 10 French e-commerce sites. Leroy Merlin France was voted France's favorite retailer in 2021 and 2022 and has a turnover of more than €8.9 billion (including VAT in 2021).About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 Corporate PPA : Corporate Power Purchase Agreement. A Corporate PPA is a long-term contract that directly connects the electricity consumer  a company  to the producer  which builds a new renewable energy power plant to supply its customer.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new wind power plant', 'first Corporate PPA', 'Leroy Merlin', 'Voltalia', 'France', 'future 30 megawatt solar power plant', 'new renewable energy power plant', 'leading home improvement retail company', 'Centre-Val de Loire region', 'new wind power plant', 'Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'long-term power sales agreement', 'first additional wind power', 'Top 10 French e-commerce sites', 'Corporate PPA wind power', '23.6 megawatt wind farm', 'Bourgogne Franche-Comté region', 'new wind farm', 'dedicated wind farm', 'home improvement retailer', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'leroymerlin.fr website', 'renewable energy sector', 'new Corporate PPA1.', 'A Corporate PPA', 'first Corporate PPA', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy producers', 'renewable energy projects', 'current electricity consumption', 'Leroy Merlin France', 'Adeo France entities', 'leading brand', '1 Corporate PPA', 'English French', 'new contract', 'new step', 'new ways', 'low-carbon energy', 'renewable energies', 'first half', 'first time', 'Corporate PPAs', 'corporate market', 'long-term partnerships', 'favorite retailer', 'long-term contract', 'parent company', 'Maxime Leroy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'annual volume', '60 gigawatt hours', 'various entities', 'decarbonisation strategy', 'long-term supply', 'strategic partnership', 'joint actions', 'service providers', 'sustainable housing', 'global warming', 'physical assets', 'ambitious objective', 'carbon impact', 'FY 2022 results', 'market opening', 'distribution channels', 'living environment', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'investor clients', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'Adeo Services', 'Adeo Group', 'green electricity', 'electricity consumer', 'pioneer company', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'entire output', 'customer satisfaction', 'local production', 'Voltalia', 'signing', 'construction', '23 years', 'end', 'signature', 'September', 'Weldom', 'Bricoman', 'K-bane', 'Zodio', 'CEO', 'Helexia', 'players', 'fight', 'Director', 'Development', 'Enhancement', 'shops', 'system', 'March', 'products', 'ambition', 'everyone', 'tomorrow', 'heart', 'business', '28,000 employees', '143 stores', 'idea', 'mission', 'turnover', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-fy-2022-annual-results-060000526.html,Worldline - FY 2022 annual results,2022 results Solid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of revenue...,WORLDLINE SA2022 resultsSolid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of revenue  +110 bpsFree cash flow: € 520 million  45.9% OMDA conversionStrategic roadmap in motionSteady commercial successes and new merchant gainsCompletion of the sale of TSS activities reinforcing Worldline flexibilityExpansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies and verticals2023 objectives18% to 10% organic revenue growthAbove 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma46% to 48% OMDA conversion to FCFParis  La Défense  February 21  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announces its 2022 annual results.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “In 2022  while facing significant and unpredictable global and geopolitical headwinds  Worldline reached or exceeded all its objectives for the year. Our particularly strong revenue growth and commercial momentum clearly demonstrate the full benefit of Ingenico combination  despite us being only half-way through our four-year integration plan. It also highlights improvement of our profitability rate and solid free cash flow generation  despite the inflationary environment.In parallel to this strong operational performance  we executed our strategic roadmap with the disposal of TSS  simplifying our group structure and significantly deleveraging our balance sheet. We also continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and to expand our Merchant Services business in attractive geographies. In line with our product strategy  we further enriched the Worldline value proposition through targeted acquisitions of technological companies on the marketplaces vertical and the micro-merchant segment.Last  but not least  supported by our Trust 2025 program  we continued to make significant progress towards our 2025 targets in all CSR dimensions as is also reflected by tier-one external recognitions and ratings.Story continuesBased on this strong 2022 year  the Group reaffirms its 2024 ambition as well as its strategic project to establish itself as a premium global Paytech and the leading consolidator of the European payment industry.”2022 key figuresWorldline’s FY 2022 revenue reached € 4 364 million  representing a strong +10.7% revenue organic growth  above the objective to reach 8% to 10% revenue organic growth in 2022. This achievement was reached by a solid growth in Merchant Services reflecting the widespread and rapid shift towards digital payments as well as the Group’s strong positioning following the acquisition of Ingenico. The Global Business Unit represented 70% of the total Group revenue in 2022. Mobility & e-Transactional Services (8% of 2022 Group revenue) also contributed to growth  delivering a strong +7.3% organic growth over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. Financial Services (22% of 2022 Group revenue) were up by +2.5% in 2022 with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens end of 2021.Reaching € 1 133 million in 2022  the Group’s Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) was up by +15.7% at constant scope and exchange rates in 2022. It represented 26.0% of revenue  an organic improvement by +110 basis points  in line with the objective of the year.In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Change Revenue* 4 364 3 942 +10.7% OMDA* 1 133 979 +15.7% % of revenue 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps Net income Group share 299 -751 Net income Group share from continued operations 211 191 +10.3% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 4.8% 5.2% -40 bps Normalized net income Group share from continued operations 545 440 +23.8% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 12.5% 11.9% +60 bps Normalized basic EPS Group share from continued operations 1.94 1.57 +23.4% Normalized diluted EPS Group share from continued operations 1.88 1.53 +22.9% Free cash flow 520 414 +25.5% OMDA to FCF conversion rate** 45.9% 44.3% +150 bps Closing net debt 2 202 3 126* at constant scope and exchange rates** FY 2021 conversion rate calculated on FY 2021 statutory OMDA from continued operationsNet income Group share from continued operations amounted to € 211 million  increasing by +10.3%. Normalized net income Group share (excluding unusual and infrequent items  net of tax) reached € 545 million  increasing by +23.8%.Normalized basic EPS was up +23.4% to € 1.94 in 2022 compared to € 1.57 in 2021. On a dilutive basis  it was up +22.9% to € 1.88.Free cash flow reached € 520 million in 2022  up by +25.5% compared to 2021  representing a 45.9% cash conversion of OMDA (free cash flow divided by OMDA)  above the objective of the year to reach circa 45%.Group Net debt amounted to € 2 202 million at the end of the year  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.9x OMDA. Decrease of Group net debt in 2022 resulted from the free cash flow generated over the year  the cash-in of c. € 1.1 billion net proceeds of the TSS disposal as well as the cash-out for the acquisitions closed in 2022.Including the additional € 297 million net proceeds of the TSS disposal received on January 1st  2023 as announced  the proforma net debt end of 2022 would be € 1 905 million  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.7x OMDA.Q4 2022 revenue by Global Business LineIn € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 835 757 +10.3% Financial Services 260 252 +2.9% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 92 86 +7.0% Worldline 1 186 1 095 +8.3%* at constant scope and exchange ratesWorldline’s Q4 2022 revenue reached € 1 186 million  representing a +8.3% organic growth. This achievement was notably reached thanks to the strong commercial dynamics in Merchant Services which posted a +10.3% revenue organic growth  fueled by market share gains and volumes growth. Mobility & e-Transactional Services also contributed to growth with a positive underlying trend reflected in a +7.0% organic growth rate. Financial Services showed  as expected  a sequential improvement compared to Q3 2022 with +2.9% organic growth.Merchant ServicesMerchant Services’ revenue in Q4 2022 reached € 835 million  representing a solid organic growth of +10.3%  led by a strong commercial momentum and a steady growth in acquiring transaction volumes  up +13% year-on-year (+28% vs. Q4 2019). By division  the growth was mainly led by:Commercial Acquiring showed a high-teens organic growth with almost all geographies and customer segments contributing  in particular SMBs and international brands;Payment Acceptance grew at a low single digit rate  led by Global Sales & Vertical and digital customers with the recovery from the Travel vertical partly compensating for the stop of the Russian online corridor. Excluding this effect  Payment Acceptance activities would have been up low teens organically in Q4 2022; and Digital Services delivered a low single digit organic growth rate with a strong performance at PAYONE compensating for delay in the roll-out of digital products in the digital healthcare market in Germany.During the fourth quarter of the year  commercial activity in Merchant Services has been strong with numerous wins for both Commercial Acquiring and Payment Acceptance  in-store and online with new client wins and upsells with clients such as  among others  Wizz  Voidu  Rebtel  WEAT  Système U  Joom  Club Med  or Olimpia Parking.Financial ServicesQ4 2022 was still partially impacted by the price decrease on the large contracts with former Equens’ shareholders. Nevertheless  Financial Services performance was in line with the trajectory expected for the full year and showed sequential improvement versus Q3 2022. The continued improving trend of volumes and new commercial developments led to a +2.9% organic growth with € 260 million revenue.All divisions contributed to the organic growth:Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) organic growth benefited from a reduced effect of the price decrease on large contracts and was driven by good dynamics and improved transaction volumes in Belgium  the Netherlands and in the DACH area  which more than offset the performance in Germany impacted by a high comparable basis;Account Payments organic growth came from volume increase in Germany as well as good level of activities in the Netherlands compensating for volumes stabilization and less project on large contracts now in run phase;Digital Banking positive trend was driven by solid volumes and project activity in Belgium as well as in the DACH region. The situation in France was more contrasted as the increase of authentications volumes related to e-commerce transactions was less pronounced than for previous quarters.In Q4 2022  the commercial activity in Financial Services was marked in particular by the renewal and extension of a partnership with the Dutch international bank ING. Following the signature of this a multi-year deal  Worldline handles debit and credit card issuing and processing for ING in the Netherlands  Belgium and Germany. Relying on its technology and know-how  Worldline helps ING focus on its core expertise  ultimately supporting the bank’s growth ambitions. By partnering with Worldline  ING can rely on top-quality cards issuing services backed by state-of-the-art technology  lower operation costs and best-in-class capabilities. This allows ING to provide its customers an enhanced range of issuing solutions that are fully compliant with all regulations  on a local and global level.Mobility & e-Transactional ServicesRevenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 92 million in Q4 2022  up +7.0% organically  with positive underlying growth on a high comparison basis  led by high project activity with existing and new customers and increasing transactional revenue. The performance by division was as follow:Trusted Digitization: High single digit growth driven by new projects signed and increased volumes in France in particular and in Germany to a lesser extent;e-Ticketing: Double digit growth fueled by increased volumes in transportation coupled with several development projects  notably for the new smart ticketing solution in the UK  and in France;e-Consumer & Mobility: Low growth with increasing project such as the supply of a call center solution for the CNAF (Caisse Nationale des Allocations Familiales) and volumes increase with clients such as EDF or France Televisions offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator.Commercial activity in Mobility & e-Transactional Services was particularly strong in Q4 2022 with numerous wins such as with the West of England Combined Authority which appointed Worldline to develop and operate the region’s customer focused Mobility as a Service (MaaS) solution  while Compañía Española de Petróleos and Worldline have reached an agreement to renew their contractual relationship until 2024 for the maintenance of the Payment Means Applications.2022 performance per Global Business LineRevenue OMDA OMDA % In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 3 041 2 667 +14.0% 869 672 +29.4% 28.6% 25.2% +340 bps Financial Services 958 935 +2.5% 272 296 -8.0% 28.4% 31.6% -320 bps Mobility & e-Transactional Services 365 340 +7.3% 53 51 +4.9% 14.5% 14.9% -30 bps Corporate costs -61 -39 +57.9% -1.4% -1.0% -40 bps Worldline 4 364 3 942 +10.7% 1 133 979 +15.7% 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps* at constant scope and exchange ratesMerchant ServicesBenefiting of the steady growth of acquiring MSV acceleration and new merchants gained  Merchant Services’ revenue in 2022 reached € 3 041 million  representing an organic growth by +14.0%. Commercial Acquiring showed a strong double-digit growth in almost all geographies and customer segments with strong dynamics and a good cash-to-card conversion trend. Despite the impact of the stop of the Russian online corridor  Payment Acceptance also contributed to the growth of Merchant Services with a mid-single digit organic growth with strong volumes for SMBs and large retailers in all geographies and more particular in Germany with PAYONE  as well as strong volumes related to the recovery of the travel industry benefiting to Digital Commerce. Finally  Digital Services mid to high single digit growth was led by a strong recovery in Germany compensating as anticipated some limited delays in POS supply.Merchant Services performance reflects a very strong development of market positions all along the year  notably in commercial acquiring  as illustrated by the following business KPI:In 2022  Worldline’s acquiring merchant base experienced a steady growth with c. 85 000 new merchants onboarded on its platform over the year  led by a strong dynamic in both instore (c. +9%) and online merchants count (c. +15%). Reaching 1.25 million merchants as of end of 2022 (excluding recent acquisitions)  it represents an increase of 200k net merchants compared to the end of December 2020.Worldline’s acquiring MSV in 2022 reached c. € 320 billion1  up +22% versus 2021 and up +29% versus 2019. This performance has been fueled by market share gains in both instore (MSV c. +21% vs. 2021) and online (c. +27% vs. 2021).Merchant Services’ OMDA in 2022 amounted to € 869 million  28.6% of revenue  representing an improvement by +340 basis points. It was positively supported by the strong revenue performance and by the synergies from Ingenico integration program which is materializing as per plan.Financial ServicesFinancial Services revenue reached € 958 million in 2022 with a +2.5% organic growth over the year with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens in Q4 2021. Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) delivered a soft organic growth with improved volume trends and level of project activities compensating the impact of price concessions of renewed large contracts. Digital Banking posted a low to mid-single digit growth while Accounts Payments delivered a solid high single digit driven by the significant level of project activity and continuous and increasing run volumes recorded in Germany as well as in the Netherlands.Financial Services OMDA reached € 272 million in 2022  representing 28.4% of revenue. The overall profitability of Financial Services remained high despite the renewal of Equens contracts at a lower price and the cost inflation not yet compensated by the full impact of already launched measures in terms of cost base monitoring and workforce management.Mobility & e-Transactional ServicesRevenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 365 million  up organically by +7.3% over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. e-Ticketing grew at a double-digit rate thanks to higher fare collection coupled with the robust pick-up in the transportation sector in Europe as well as several development projects in the UK and in France. Trusted Digitization also grew at a double-digit rate driven by new projects and improving volumes in France  higher volumes in Tax collection and digital healthcare  and a good momentum both on support and project activity in e-Health and e-Archiving solutions in Germany. Finally  e-Consumer & Mobility was stable year-on-year with increasing projects and volumes just offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator.Mobility & e-Transactional Services’ OMDA reached € 53 million  representing 14.5% of revenue. The Business Line has been able to improve its profitability by € 2 million thanks to the positive business trends and cost optimization plans addressing both fixed and variable costs helping to offset the overall cost inflation.Corporate costsCorporate costs amounted to € 61 million in 2022  representing 1.4% of total Group revenue compared to 1.0% in 2021 at constant scope and exchange rates. This increase reflects the implementation of a new centralized operating model following recent acquisitions.Full execution of the strategic roadmapSuccessful completion of the sale of TSS activities to Apollo FundsAs announced on October 3  2022  Worldline completed the sale of its Terminals  Solutions & Services (“TSS”) business line to Apollo Funds  in line with the contemplated timeline. The proceeds from this disposal allows Worldline to further accelerate its development and anchors the Group’s leadership in payments services. This transaction generated a cash-in of € 1.1 billion  significantly contributing to the deleveraging of the Group. In addition  Worldline remains exposed to the future value creation of Ingenico through the preferred shares for an amount of up to € 0.9 billion.Expansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies through market consolidationIn 2022  Worldline continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and expanded the footprint of its Merchant Services Business Line in attractive geographies through the completion of several acquisitions:80% of Axepta Italy and set-up of a strategic partnership with BNL in Italy to expand Worldline’s Merchant Services in one of the most attractive payment market in Europe with significant growth and synergies opportunities. The long-term commercial partnership with BNL aims at leveraging its strong banking network as a key commercial channel. A robust integration and development program has been implemented to further improve profitability rate through operating leverage and costs efficiency.controlling stake in the commercial acquiring business of ANZ and creation of a 51%-49% joint-venture controlled by Worldline to operate and develop commercial acquiring services in Australia  a highly attractive market for Worldline with favorable dynamics  a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods.Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities  a meaningful card acquirer in the very dynamic Greek market. The transaction includes a long-term commercial partnership with the selling bank  Eurobank  aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute best-in-class payment product and services to physical and online merchants in the country.Finally  following the acquisition of Axepta Italy  the Group announced its project to acquire the merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage the bank’s network  in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Enrichment of Worldline value proposition in both instore and onlineWorldline also significantly enriched its value proposition for both instore and online merchants  notably through the acquisitions of a 40% stake in Online Payment Platform B.V. and of 55% of SoftPos.eu.:Online Payment Platform (OPP) is a Dutch online Payment Service Provider with a dedicated payment solution for marketplaces and platforms and a specific focus in the C2C segment. Perfectly in line with Worldline’s strategic roadmap as it expands its exposure into e-commerce  the transaction enriches the growth profile of Worldline  and enables synergy for both parties involved through Worldline’s sale infrastructure. Worldline  through OPP  is then perfectly positioned to comprehensively target the C2C marketplaces’ need to outsource their payment requirements and to focus on significant growth opportunities in the B2B and B2C marketplaces segments.As part of its strategy to explore new adjacencies through technologies and products acquisitions  Worldline also completed the acquisition of a 55% stake in SoftPos.eu  a fintech that converts Android devices into secure payment terminals  enabling merchants to accept card payments without the need for additional hardware. Based on SoftPos.eu  Worldline launched a new product internationally: Worldline Tap on Mobile. This unique end-to-end solution based on Android application that allows all merchants to accept payments using a smartphone  tablet  or enterprise device through one single tap. The solution is then fully in line with Worldline’s objective to provide payment solutions that are adapted to all forms of commerce and serve the business ambitions of its clients.Refocus of Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin AmericaWorldline has completed in Q4 2022 the disposal of its Mobility and e-Transactional services activities in Argentina and Chile to Bizland  a Lapachos Holding company. Lapachos Holding is an Argentinean group  owner and responsible for the management of multiple companies in the telecommunications  finance and retail sectors in Latin America. Worldline trusts Lapachos Holding  as a close player to the local business and its specificities  can provide Worldline’s former activity with the most-suited expertise and support for their development  all that in the best interest of its customers and employees. This disposal will allow Worldline to focus on its core activities as a global payments leader as these divested activities of digital services for transportation  healthcare and public sectors were subscale activities  far from Worldline’s payment services core activities  and without synergies with the Group.2022 results of the TRUST 2025 Corporate Social Responsibility programTo ensure shaping the future of payments while creating sustainable value for all stakeholders  Worldline is committed to reach specific and measurable CSR targets at the horizon of 2025 covering all areas of its business  from people  ethics and the value chain to the environment and the support for local communities.In 2022  significant progress was achieved towards these targets and the Group will soon report its achievement of the 19 KPIs defined as per the Group CSR program Trust 2025.2023 objectivesRevenue organic grow th : +8% to +10%OMDA margin : Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro formaFree cash flow: 46% to 48% OMDA conversion rate2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation.2024 Worldline ambition fully reiteratedThe Group ambitions to deliver:Revenue organic growth : +9% to +11% CAGR 1 over the 2022-2024 periodOMDA margin : above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024Free cash flow: circa 50% OMDA conversion rateAppendicesReconciliation of Q4 2021 statutory revenue with Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange ratesFor the analysis of the Group’s performance  revenue for Q4 2022 is compared to Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates as presented below per Global Business Lines:In € million Q4 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect Q4 2021* Merchant Services 693 +64.0 -0.3 757 Financial Services 251 -0.0 +1.9 252 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 91 -2.6 -3.2 86 Worldline 1 035 +61.3 -1.7 1 095* at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange ratesExchanges rates effect in Q4 were mainly due to the Euro depreciation vs the Swiss franc. Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side.Reconciliation of 2021 statutory revenue and OMDA with 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange ratesFor the analysis of the Group’s performance  2022 revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) are compared to 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. Reconciliation between 2021 reported revenue and OMDA and 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and foreign exchange rates is presented below per Global Business Lines:In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 2 416 +234.0 +17.0 2 667 Financial Services 927 -0.0 +8.1 935 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 347 -2.6 -4.2 340 Worldline 3 689 +231.3 +20.8 3 942 OMDA In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 629 +41.8 +0.5 672 Financial Services 291 +0.0 +4.6 296 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 52 -0.6 -0.7 51 Corporate costs -39 -0.0 -0.2 -39 Worldline 933 +41.2 +4.3 979 as a % of revenue 25.3% 24.8%* at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange ratesIn 2022  exchanges rates effect is mainly due to:the Euro depreciation versus the Swiss franc as well as  to a lesser extent  versus the Indian rupee  dollar related currencies (AUD  CAD  SGD  NZD)  and the British pound  andthe Euro appreciation versus the Turkish lira and Swedish krona.Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  Handelsbanken  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side.FY 2022 estimated pro formaFor the analysis of the Group’s organic performance  revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) in 2023 will be compared with 2022 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. FY 2022 estimated pro forma is presented below (per Global Business Lines):Estimated proforma revenue Estimated proforma OMDA OMDA% In € million Q1 Q2 H1 Q3 Q4 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 Merchant Services 677 757 1 434 823 829 1 653 3 086 341 506 847 23.8% 30.6% 27.5% Financial Services 222 235 457 241 260 500 958 128 155 283 28.0% 30.9% 29.5% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 85 88 172 81 89 170 343 22 24 46 12.7% 14.1% 13.4% Corporate costs - - - - - - - -32 -29 -61 -1.6% -1.2% -1.4% Worldline 984 1 079 2 063 1 145 1 178 2 323 4 386 459 656 1 115 22.2% 28.2% 25.4%* at December 2022 exchange ratesMain components of the estimated scope effect from 2022 reported to estimated 2022 pro forma:ANZ added contribution of 3 months (integrated for 9 months in 2022 reported)Eurobank added contribution of 6 months (integrated for 6 months in 2022 reported)Disposal of Mobility & e-Transactional Services activities in Latin America for 11 months (excluded for 1 month in 2022 reported) Impacts of the disposal of TSSConference callThe Management of Worldline invites you to an international conference call on the Group FY 2022 results  on Tuesday  February 21  2023 at 8:00 am (CET).The webcast will be available by following this link .Sell-side analysts wishing to participate to the Q&A session which will take place at the end of the conference need to pre-register through this link in order to receive by email the connection details (dial-in numbers and passcode).After the conference  a replay of the webcast will be available on worldline.com   in the Investors section.Forthcoming eventsApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 results October 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in payment services and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2022 Worldline generated a revenue of 4.4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342  its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation1 Rolling 3-week average transaction volumes on acquiring activities without any proforma effect from the recent acquisitions1 CAGR: Compound Annualized Growth RateAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.19,0.04,True,English,"['FY 2022 annual results', 'Worldline', 'solid free cash flow generation', 'The Global Business Unit', 'Net income Group share', 'basic EPS Group share', '8% to 10% organic revenue growth', '8% to 10% revenue organic growth', 'strong +10.7% revenue organic growth', 'double-digit organic growth', 'Solid guidance execution', 'strong +7.3% organic growth', 'La Défense', 'four-year integration plan', 'European market consolidation', 'tier-one external recognitions', 'several major projects', 'public transport sector', 'historical large contracts', 'Group Net debt', 'strong operational performance', 'premium global Paytech', 'Group leverage ratio', 'solid revenue flows', 'Steady commercial successes', 'new merchant gains', 'European payment industry', 'Merchant Services business', 'strong revenue growth', 'total Group revenue', 'FY 2021 conversion rate', 'Worldline value proposition', 'FCF conversion rate', 'FY 2021 statutory OMDA', 'solid growth', 'OMDA margin improvement', '45.9% cash conversion', 'organic improvement', '2022 Group revenue', 'FY 2022 revenue', 'strong positioning', 'global leader', 'unpredictable global', 'group structure', 'payment services', 'profitability rate', 'statutory revenue', 'commercial momentum', 'Operating Margin', 'Change Revenue', 'Financial Services', '45.9% OMDA conversion', '48% OMDA conversion', 'Strategic roadmap', 'attractive geographies', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'geopolitical headwinds', 'full benefit', 'inflationary environment', 'balance sheet', 'product strategy', 'targeted acquisitions', 'technological companies', 'micro-merchant segment', 'Trust 2025 program', 'CSR dimensions', 'strong 2022 year', 'strategic project', 'leading consolidator', '2022 key figures', 'rapid shift', 'digital payments', 'temporary impact', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', '+110 basis points', 'infrequent items', 'dilutive basis', '1.9x OMDA', 'WORLDLINE SA', 'Worldline flexibility', 'TSS activities', '2022 annual results', 'Ingenico combination', 'significant progress', 'continued operations', '46% to', '2022 results', 'motion', 'Completion', 'sale', 'Expansion', 'verticals', '2023 objectives1', '100 bps', 'Paris', 'February', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'CEO', 'parallel', 'disposal', 'marketplaces', '2025 targets', 'ratings', 'Story', '2024 ambition', 'achievement', 'widespread', 'Mobility', 'recovery', 'price', 'renewals', 'Equens', 'Depreciation', 'Amortization', 'unusual', 'tax', 'end', 'Decrease', '26.0', '€']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-AAAAI-2023-Congress-43046063/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  February 21  2023 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress DBV Technologies   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation at the American Academy of Allergy …,"Montrouge  France  February 21  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2023 CongressDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation at the American Academy of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology (AAAAI) Annual Scientific meeting  taking place February 24-27 in San Antonio  TX. Two scientific poster presentations have been accepted on efficacy and safety data from subgroups of patients from the Phase 3 EPITOPE study. DBV will also host a booth in the AAAAI exhibit hall (#1826).The clinical data to be presented will discuss the efficacy and safety profile of epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) with Viaskin Peanut 250 µg from the Phase 3 EPITOPE study in peanut-allergic children aged 1-3 years with and without certain comorbid atopic conditions. One poster compares efficacy and safety data in children with and without concomitant food allergies  while the second poster focuses on children with and without atopic dermatitis.This year’s meeting will also feature a non-CME Product Theater on the Immunological Role of the Skin in Food Allergy. Professors Dr. Hugh Sampson  MD from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Dr. Cecilia Berin  Ph.D.  Bunning Professor for Food Allergy Research from the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University  will discuss immune properties of the skin as they relate to food allergy and the putative mechanism of epicutaneous immunotherapy  a novel approach to allergen desensitization that leverages the skin’s immunological functions. The Product Theater is scheduled for Saturday  February 25  from 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. CST in the AAAAI Annual Meeting Exhibit Hall 2  lobby level.DBV is also proud to sponsor the AAAAI Fellows-in-Training (FIT) Program reception. The private reception will be open to current allergy/immunology Fellows-in-Training on Friday  February 24  from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. CST at the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter  Third Floor  Grand E.“We are proud to showcase the Phase 3 efficacy and safety data of our epicutaneous immunotherapy in peanut-allergic toddlers aged 1 – 3 years with either concomitant food allergy or atopic dermatitis at the AAAAI annual meeting  as these are common comorbid allergic conditions in young children with peanut allergy ” said Dr. Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer of DBV Technologies. “The results demonstrate consistency in safety and efficacy across multiple patient groups  further validating the potential benefit of using the Viaskin™ platform for the treatment of peanut allergy in young children. We are excited to bring this innovative therapy to the forefront of the medical community and look forward to continued research in peanut-allergic patients.""DBV Abstracts:Scientific PresentationsBoth e-posters will be accompanied by recorded author presentations and will be available on-demand at https://annualmeeting.aaaai.org/ beginning on Friday  February 24  2023.Please note that only registered attendees will be able to access the poster hall  which is available through the virtual AAAAI platform. Following the conclusion of the meeting  these presentations will be available on DBV’s website  www.dbv-technologies.com  for those who are unable to attend.Poster Presentations“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Concomitant Food Allergies in the EPITOPE Study” will be presented by David Fleischer  M.D.  Associate Professor of Pediatrics at Children’s Hospital Colorado.Presentation ID: A082Session Title: Food Immunotherapy: Outcome and MechanismPresentation Date: Friday  February 24  2023Presentation Time: 3:15 p.m. – 4:15 p.m. ESTPresentation Location: Convention Center  Lobby Level  Hall 2“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Atopic Dermatitis in the EPITOPE Study” will be presented by Amy Scurlock  M.D.  Associate Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences and Arkansas Children’s Hospital.Presentation ID: A085Session Title: Food Immunotherapy: Outcome and MechanismPresentation Date: Friday  February 24  2023Presentation Time: 3:15 p.m. – 4:15 p.m. ESTPresentation Location: Convention Center  Lobby Level  Hall 2About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress', 'DBV Technologies', 'AAAAI Annual Meeting Exhibit Hall', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'common comorbid allergic conditions', 'San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter', 'AAAAI) Annual Scientific meeting', 'Two scientific poster presentations', 'AAAAI exhibit hall', 'concomitant food allergies', 'comorbid atopic conditions', 'virtual AAAAI platform', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'CME Product Theater', 'Dr. Hugh Sampson', 'Dr. Cecilia Berin', 'The Product Theater', 'Dr. Pharis Mohideen', 'multiple patient groups', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'Upcoming AAAAI 2023 Congress', 'FIT) Program reception', 'current allergy/immunology Fellows', 'broad potential applications', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operation', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'food allergic patients', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'concomitant food allergy', 'Phase 3 EPITOPE study', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'Food Allergy Research', 'AAAAI Fellows', 'Scientific Presentations', 'aaaai.org', 'poster hall', 'Food Immunotherapy', 'Viaskin™ platform', 'upcoming participation', 'American Academy', 'clinical data', 'private reception', 'potential benefit', 'One poster', 'second poster', 'medical community', 'Medical Sciences', 'atopic dermatitis', 'author presentations', 'peanut allergy', 'Immunological Role', 'Icahn School', 'Mount Sinai', 'Ph.D.', 'Bunning Professor', 'Feinberg School', 'immune properties', 'novel approach', 'allergen desensitization', 'immunological functions', 'lobby level', 'Third Floor', 'Grand E.', 'peanut-allergic toddlers', 'innovative therapy', 'peanut-allergic patients', 'DBV Abstracts', 'registered attendees', '1-3 Years', 'David Fleischer', 'M.D.', 'Associate Professor', 'Presentation ID', 'Session Title', 'Presentation Date', 'Presentation Time', 'Presentation Location', 'Convention Center', 'Amy Scurlock', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'new class', 'global headquarters', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Phase 3 efficacy', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'safety data', 'safety profile', 'peanut-allergic children', 'young children', 'Northwestern University', 'Hospital Colorado', 'putative mechanism', 'intact skin', 'Arkansas Children', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Asthma', 'place', 'TX', 'subgroups', 'booth', 'µg', 'Professors', 'MD', 'Medicine', 'Saturday', '10:00 a', '10:30 a', 'Training', 'Friday', 'CST', 'results', 'consistency', 'treatment', 'forefront', 'posters', 'demand', 'conclusion', 'website', 'Subjects', 'Pediatrics', 'Outcome', 'EPIT™', 'care', '5:00', '6:00', '3:15', '4:15']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-pediatric-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-301750960.html,Pharming announces first patient enrolled in pediatric clinical trial of leniolisib,"The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiency LEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterd…","The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM)/(Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase III clinical trial (NCT05438407) evaluating the investigational drug leniolisib  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  in children with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS). There is currently no approved treatment for this complex and progressive disease caused by genetic variants.At sites in the United States  Europe  and Japan  the single-arm  open-label  multinational clinical trial will evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of leniolisib in approximately 15 children aged 4 to 11 years who have a confirmed APDS diagnosis. The study's primary efficacy endpoints are a reduction in index lymph node size and an increased proportion of naïve B cells out of total B cells from baseline at 12 weeks. Secondary endpoints include an assessment of the ability of leniolisib to modify health-related quality of life based on measures of physical  social  emotional  and school functioning using a validated patient questionnaire.Pharming plans to initiate a similar clinical trial in the third quarter of 2023 that will include children aged 1 to 6 years  with APDS  to evaluate a new pediatric formulation of leniolisib. Eligible patients enrolled in either of the pediatric trials will continue to receive leniolisib for a year after the initial 12-week treatment period through an open-label extension trial.Manish Butte  MD  PhD  E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair  Professor with tenure in the Department of Pediatrics  and Division Chief of Immunology  Allergy  and Rheumatology at UCLA  commented:""In treating APDS  the current standard of care is to use an array of supportive therapies. While these therapies can treat some of the manifestations of APDS  they do not target the underlying cause of the disease. Pharming's studies of leniolisib in children with APDS are important for evaluating the possibility of minimizing symptoms earlier in the disease progression.""Pharming's program for the clinical development of leniolisib in pediatric APDS is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III clinical trial that investigated the drug as a treatment for patients with the disease aged 12 years and older. As announced on February 2  2022  and recently detailed in Blood1  the international medical journal of the American Society of Hematology  the trial met both its co-primary endpoints  with patients who took leniolisib versus placebo achieving significant reductions in lymphoproliferation as measured by index lymph node size and increases in immunophenotype corrections as measured by the percentage of naïve B cells in peripheral blood.During the first half of 2022  positive opinions were received from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) on the Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for leniolisib as a treatment for APDS in children. The PIP(s) included the plans for both pediatric clinical trials.Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""I am pleased we have initiated the first trial in our Phase III pediatric clinical program evaluating leniolisib in children with APDS  and I look forward to our second pediatric trial getting underway. Building on the encouraging findings from our successful Phase II/III study in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  we are committed to bringing leniolisib to even younger patients with the goal of intervening before they develop immune-related symptoms likely to progress throughout their lives. While continuing to focus on patients of all ages with APDS  we are dedicated to collaborating with regulatory authorities with the goal of generating regulatory filings to gain approval that could support the treatment of children under 12 years of age who are living with this disease.""Based on the Phase II/III trial results and long-term open-label extension data  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is conducting a priority review of Pharming's New Drug Application for leniolisib as a treatment for adolescents and adults with APDS and has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of March 29  2023. In addition  Pharming's Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib in the same patient population is under evaluation by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Pharming expects that the CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesRao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21 . Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]US PREthan MetelenisE: [email protected]T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan CaleyE: [email protected]T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.13,0.38,True,English,"['pediatric clinical trial', 'first patient', 'Pharming', 'leniolisib', 'E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'single-arm, open-label, multinational clinical trial', 'Phase III pediatric clinical program', 'multinational Phase III study', 'index lymph node size', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Phase II/III trial results', 'successful Phase II/III study', 'naïve B cells', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'long-term open-label extension data', 'initial 12-week treatment period', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'open-label extension trial', '3-kinase delta syndrome', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'total B cells', 'similar clinical trial', 'second pediatric trial', 'pediatric clinical trials', 'new pediatric formulation', 'international medical journal', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Pediatric Investigation Plan', 'U.S. Food', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'New Drug Application', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'white blood cells', 'same patient population', 'The PIP(s', 'PDUFA) goal date', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'investigational drug leniolisib', 'clinical development', 'pediatric trials', 'first trial', 'primary endpoints', 'positive data', 'Medicinal Products', 'Drug Administration', 'UK Medicines', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory filings', 'Division Chief', 'first patient', 'Secondary endpoints', 'patient questionnaire', 'pediatric APDS', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'United States', 'increased proportion', 'health-related quality', 'school functioning', 'third quarter', 'Manish Butte', 'current standard', 'supportive therapies', 'underlying cause', 'American Society', 'significant reductions', 'immunophenotype corrections', 'peripheral blood', 'first half', 'positive opinions', 'Anurag Relan', 'encouraging findings', 'priority review', 'Human Use', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', '4 to 11 years', '1 to 6 years', 'genetic variants', 'immune-related symptoms', 'progressive disease', 'disease progression', 'Eligible patients', 'younger patients', 'leniolisib tablets', 'APDS diagnosis', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib MAA', '12 years', 'children', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'Nasdaq', 'complex', 'sites', 'Japan', 'tolerability', 'baseline', '12 weeks', 'assessment', 'life', 'measures', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'tenure', 'Department', 'Pediatrics', 'Immunology', 'Allergy', 'Rheumatology', 'UCLA', 'array', 'manifestations', 'studies', 'possibility', 'February', 'Hematology', 'placebo', 'increases', 'percentage', 'MHRA', 'lives', 'ages', 'approval', 'FDA', 'adolescents', 'adults', 'March', 'addition', 'evaluation', 'CHMP', '2H', 'million', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', '2022']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.com
18943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-pediatric-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-301750968.html,Pharming announces first patient enrolled in pediatric clinical trial of leniolisib,"The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiency LEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterd…","The multinational Phase III study is evaluating leniolisib tablets in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM)/(Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase III clinical trial (NCT05438407) evaluating the investigational drug leniolisib  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  in children with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS). There is currently no approved treatment for this complex and progressive disease caused by genetic variants.At sites in the United States  Europe  and Japan  the single-arm  open-label  multinational clinical trial will evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of leniolisib in approximately 15 children aged 4 to 11 years who have a confirmed APDS diagnosis. The study's primary efficacy endpoints are a reduction in index lymph node size and an increased proportion of naïve B cells out of total B cells from baseline at 12 weeks. Secondary endpoints include an assessment of the ability of leniolisib to modify health-related quality of life based on measures of physical  social  emotional  and school functioning using a validated patient questionnaire.Pharming plans to initiate a similar clinical trial in the third quarter of 2023 that will include children aged 1 to 6 years  with APDS  to evaluate a new pediatric formulation of leniolisib. Eligible patients enrolled in either of the pediatric trials will continue to receive leniolisib for a year after the initial 12-week treatment period through an open-label extension trial.Manish Butte  MD  PhD  E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair  Professor with tenure in the Department of Pediatrics  and Division Chief of Immunology  Allergy  and Rheumatology at UCLA  commented:""In treating APDS  the current standard of care is to use an array of supportive therapies. While these therapies can treat some of the manifestations of APDS  they do not target the underlying cause of the disease. Pharming's studies of leniolisib in children with APDS are important for evaluating the possibility of minimizing symptoms earlier in the disease progression.""Pharming's program for the clinical development of leniolisib in pediatric APDS is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III clinical trial that investigated the drug as a treatment for patients with the disease aged 12 years and older. As announced on February 2  2022  and recently detailed in Blood1  the international medical journal of the American Society of Hematology  the trial met both its co-primary endpoints  with patients who took leniolisib versus placebo achieving significant reductions in lymphoproliferation as measured by index lymph node size and increases in immunophenotype corrections as measured by the percentage of naïve B cells in peripheral blood.During the first half of 2022  positive opinions were received from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) on the Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for leniolisib as a treatment for APDS in children. The PIP(s) included the plans for both pediatric clinical trials.Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""I am pleased we have initiated the first trial in our Phase III pediatric clinical program evaluating leniolisib in children with APDS  and I look forward to our second pediatric trial getting underway. Building on the encouraging findings from our successful Phase II/III study in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  we are committed to bringing leniolisib to even younger patients with the goal of intervening before they develop immune-related symptoms likely to progress throughout their lives. While continuing to focus on patients of all ages with APDS  we are dedicated to collaborating with regulatory authorities with the goal of generating regulatory filings to gain approval that could support the treatment of children under 12 years of age who are living with this disease.""Based on the Phase II/III trial results and long-term open-label extension data  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is conducting a priority review of Pharming's New Drug Application for leniolisib as a treatment for adolescents and adults with APDS and has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of March 29  2023. In addition  Pharming's Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib in the same patient population is under evaluation by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Pharming expects that the CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesRao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21 . Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]US PREthan MetelenisE: [email protected]T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan CaleyE: [email protected]T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgThe content and accuracy of news releases published on this site and/or distributed by PR Newswire or its partners are the sole responsibility of the originating company or organisation. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of our services  such releases are not actively monitored or reviewed by PR Newswire or its partners and under no circumstances shall PR Newswire or its partners be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the use of such information. All information should be checked prior to publication.SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.13,0.38,True,English,"['pediatric clinical trial', 'first patient', 'Pharming', 'leniolisib', 'E. Richard Stiehm Endowed Chair', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'single-arm, open-label, multinational clinical trial', 'Phase III pediatric clinical program', 'multinational Phase III study', 'index lymph node size', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Phase II/III trial results', 'successful Phase II/III study', 'naïve B cells', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'long-term open-label extension data', 'initial 12-week treatment period', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'open-label extension trial', '3-kinase delta syndrome', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'total B cells', 'similar clinical trial', 'second pediatric trial', 'pediatric clinical trials', 'new pediatric formulation', 'international medical journal', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Pediatric Investigation Plan', 'U.S. Food', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'New Drug Application', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'white blood cells', 'same patient population', 'The PIP(s', 'PDUFA) goal date', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'investigational drug leniolisib', 'clinical development', 'pediatric trials', 'first trial', 'primary endpoints', 'positive data', 'Medicinal Products', 'Drug Administration', 'UK Medicines', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory filings', 'Division Chief', 'first patient', 'Secondary endpoints', 'patient questionnaire', 'pediatric APDS', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'United States', 'increased proportion', 'health-related quality', 'school functioning', 'third quarter', 'Manish Butte', 'current standard', 'supportive therapies', 'underlying cause', 'American Society', 'significant reductions', 'immunophenotype corrections', 'peripheral blood', 'first half', 'positive opinions', 'Anurag Relan', 'encouraging findings', 'priority review', 'Human Use', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', '4 to 11 years', '1 to 6 years', 'genetic variants', 'immune-related symptoms', 'progressive disease', 'disease progression', 'Eligible patients', 'younger patients', 'leniolisib tablets', 'APDS diagnosis', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib MAA', '12 years', 'children', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'Nasdaq', 'complex', 'sites', 'Japan', 'tolerability', 'baseline', '12 weeks', 'assessment', 'life', 'measures', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'tenure', 'Department', 'Pediatrics', 'Immunology', 'Allergy', 'Rheumatology', 'UCLA', 'array', 'manifestations', 'studies', 'possibility', 'February', 'Hematology', 'placebo', 'increases', 'percentage', 'MHRA', 'lives', 'ages', 'approval', 'FDA', 'adolescents', 'adults', 'March', 'addition', 'evaluation', 'CHMP', '2H', 'million', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', '2022']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.com
18945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-ADVANCED-METALLURGICA-55482/news/AMG-to-Host-Capital-Markets-Day-in-Frankfurt-Spotlighting-AMG-Lithium-43044670/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,AMG to Host Capital Markets Day in Frankfurt Spotlighting AMG Lithium,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  21 February 2023 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. is hosting a Capital Markets Day in Frankfurt  Germany  which will be held on March 30  2023 at 9:30am CEST. The presenters will include AMG’s CEO  Dr. Heinz Schimmelbu…,"Amsterdam  21 February 2023 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") is hosting a Capital Markets Day in Frankfurt  Germany  which will be held on March 30  2023 at 9:30am CEST.The presenters will include AMG’s CEO  Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  as well as AMG Lithium’s Managing Directors  Dr. Stefan Scherer and Mr. Fabiano Costa  and AMG LIVA’s Managing Director  Dr. Volker Kölln. In addition  there will be a guided AMG Lithium laboratory tour.Participants are asked to register at their earliest convenience since we are accepting confirmations on a first come  first served basis as there is only capacity to host 100 people in person. There will also be a live webcast of the Capital Markets Day available on the day of the event by registering for virtual attendance.Please confirm your attendance (either in person or virtual) using the following link by March 23  2023: https://amg.eventcube.io/For more information on this event  please see the Capital Markets Day flyer on AMG’s website.About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 400 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Capital Markets Day', 'AMG Lithium', 'Frankfurt', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'guided AMG Lithium laboratory tour', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'related vacuum furnace systems', 'Dr. Volker Kölln', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'Capital Markets Day flyer', 'other forward looking statements', 'critical materials company', 'energy storage solutions', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'Dr. Stefan Scherer', 'chemicals end markets', 'Mr. Fabiano Costa', 'tantalum value chains', 'customer service offices', 'mineral processing operations', 'CO 2 reduction trends', 'high-purity materials', 'capital expenditures', 'mineral products', 'CO 2 footprint', 'other information', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'AMG LIVA', 'Managing Directors', 'earliest convenience', 'first come', 'live webcast', 'following link', 'specialty metals', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'virtual attendance', 'global leaders', 'production facilities', 'future events', 'historical information', 'inherent risks', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'March', '9:30am', 'presenters', 'CEO', 'addition', 'Participants', 'confirmations', 'basis', 'capacity', '100 people', 'person', 'eventcube', 'website', 'forefront', 'services', 'transportation', 'infrastructure', 'recycling', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'vanadium', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,400 employees', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'development', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MDXHEALTH-SA-17498/news/MDxHealth-Shareholder-Transparency-Declaration-43046067/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,MDxHealth Shareholder Transparency Declaration,(marketscreener.com) NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 21  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CET   IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – 21 February 2023 – MDxHealth SA   a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  announces today in accordance with Artic…,"NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 21  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – 21 February 2023 – MDxHealth SA (Nasdaq and Euronext Brussels: MDXH) (the ""Company"" or ""mdxhealth"")  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  announces today in accordance with Article 14 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of important participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that it received the following notification.The Company was notified that the number of shares with respect to which Bleichroeder LP can exercise voting rights crossed below the threshold of 15% of the outstanding shares and voting rights of mdxhealth on 03 February 2023. Notably  it follows from the notification that an aggregate of 38 783 335 shares of mdxhealth  representing 14.75% of the 262 880 936 outstanding shares and voting rights of mdxhealth  is held through the following entities: 21 April Fund LP (8 024 518 shares)  21 April Fund LTD (20 342 162 shares)  Hill Family Alternative Investments LLC (10 000 000 shares)  and White Clover SA (416 670 shares) (the ""Funds""). The notification also stated that the voting rights attached to the shares are exercised on behalf of the Funds by the investment adviser Bleichroeder LP  a Delaware limited partnership  at its discretion  in the absence of specific instructions  that Bleichroeder Holdings LLC  a Delaware limited liability company  is the general partner of Bleichroeder LP  that  as the general partner  Bleichroeder Holdings LLC holds control over voting rights of Bleichroeder LP  and that Bleichroeder Holdings LLC is not a controlled entity.For further information  reference is made to the information published on mdxhealth's website (http://www.mdxhealth.com/investors/shareholder-information).Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights attached to the securities held by such persons in the Company reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.About mdxhealth®mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comNOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['MDxHealth Shareholder Transparency Declaration', 'Hill Family Alternative Investments LLC', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Delaware limited liability company', 'Delaware limited partnership', '21 April Fund LTD', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'Bleichroeder Holdings LLC', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'other urologic diseases', 'U.S. headquarters', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'White Clover SA', '21 April Fund LP', 'additional laboratory operations', 'actionable molecular information', 'Belgian Act', 'Bleichroeder LP', 'European headquarters', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'important participations', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'voting rights', 'investment adviser', 'specific instructions', 'general partner', 'controlled entity', 'Markets Authority', 'The Company', 'The Netherlands', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'other trademarks', 'service marks', 'respective owners', 'Resolve mdx', 'Monitor mdx', 'MDxHealth SA', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following entities', 'legal persons', 'total number', 'patient diagnosis', 'outstanding shares', 'mdxhealth logo', '38,783,335 shares', '024,518 shares', '0,000,000 shares', '416,670 shares', 'mdxhealth®', 'FEBRUARY', '30 CET', 'IRVINE', 'CA', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'Nasdaq', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'threshold', 'aggregate', 'Funds', 'behalf', 'discretion', 'absence', 'reference', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholder-information', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'percentage', 'securities', 'treatment', 'tests', 'epigenetic', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'NOTE', 'GPS', 'registered', 'property', 'Attachment', '4:30', '22']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIVORYON-THERAPEUTICS-N-V-60857040/news/Vivoryon-Therapeutics-N-V-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Conferences-43037301/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Present at Upcoming Conferences,(marketscreener.com) Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Present at Upcoming Conferences Halle / Munich  Germany  February 21  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.   a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modul…,"Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Present at Upcoming ConferencesHalle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  February 21  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today announced that Dr. Ulrich Dauer  CEO of Vivoryon Therapeutics  will present at the following investor conferences and industry events:BioCapital Europe 2023Date: March 9  2023Time: 09:40 am CETVenue: Hotel Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam; Amsterdam  The NetherlandsBarclays Global Healthcare ConferenceDate: March 16  2023Time: 08:00 am EDT / 01:00 pm CETVenue: Loews Miami Beach Hotel; Miami  USAA webcast of the presentation will be available via the ""Presentations & Webcasts"" page in the Investor Relations section on the Company's website at www.vivoryon.com and will be archived on the Company's website for 30 days following the conference.German Biotechnology Days (Deutsche Biotechnologietage) 2023Date: March 29  2023Time: 02:00 pm CESTVenue: RheinMain CongressCenter; Wiesbaden  Germany###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.eu",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Upcoming Conferences', 'Barclays Global Healthcare Conference Date', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Loews Miami Beach Hotel', 'innovative small molecule-based medicines', 'Investor Contact Stern IR', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Hotel Sofitel Legend', 'small molecule inhibitors', 'small molecule medicines', 'Dr. Ulrich Dauer', 'Investor Relations section', 'Upcoming Conferences Halle', 'German Biotechnology Days', 'clinical stage company', 'Phase 2 clinical development', 'other future conditions', 'annual financial statements', 'future financial results', 'investor conferences', 'Media Contact', 'financial effects', 'other factors', 'Actual results', 'future operations', 'BioCapital Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'Deutsche Biotechnologietage', 'RheinMain CongressCenter', 'ground-breaking science', 'depth expertise', 'post-translational modifications', 'lead program', 'solid pipeline', 'various indications', 'press release', 'business strategy', 'similar expressions', 'undue reliance', 'risk factors', 'Julie Seidel', 'Trophic Communications', 'Valeria Fisher', 'forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'future events', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'CET Venue', 'Grand Amsterdam', 'CEST Venue', 'The Company', 'industry events', 'severe diseases', 'disease settings', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'management plans', '30 days', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'February', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'CEO', 'March', 'Time', 'EDT', 'USA', 'webcast', 'presentation', 'page', 'website', 'Wiesbaden', 'passion', 'innovation', 'lives', 'patients', 'need', 'varoglutamstat', 'Alzheimer', 'cancer', 'fibrosis', 'limitation', 'objectives', 'estimates', 'projections', 'respect', 'market', 'products', 'forecasts', 'Words', 'anticipate', 'predict', 'will', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'trends', 'economy', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'outcome', 'obligation', 'information', 'law', 'Email', 'SternIR-Vivoryon', '09', '08:00', '01:00', '02:00']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Compliance-Solutions-shares-banking-rules-expertise-noting-significant-challenges-ah-43042251/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions shares banking rules expertise  noting significant challenges ahead,(marketscreener.com) Refurbished Community Reinvestment Act  new small business loan data collection rules loomhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Compliance-Solutions-shares-banking-rules-expertise-noting-sign…,Refurbished Community Reinvestment Act  new small business loan data collection rules loomWhile the introduction of new  major federal banking compliance legislation doesn’t appear likely on this year’s Congressional agenda  finalization of several significant rules around small business lending data collection—along with modernization of the Community Reinvestment Act regulations—will present substantial operational  analytical and resource challenges for banks as the year unfolds.That’s according to a senior regulatory compliance expert for Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions.Commenting on anticipated developments for 2023  Tim Burniston  Senior Advisor  Regulatory Strategy for Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions  says that “legislatively  I don’t think we’re going to see very much” in the way of new compliance and consumer protection laws and  he adds  if there are calls for new legislation  “getting it passed by both the House and Senate will be a challenge.” His insights are featured in the article  “Industry Experts Anticipate Less Legislation  More Regulation for 2023 ” as part of October Research’s annual State of the Industry Report.Instead  he notes that banks’ focus in 2023 will be on the expected finalization of modernized rules that implement the longstanding Community Reinvestment Act  which went into effect in 1977 to address inequities in access to credit for low- and moderate-income individuals and communities. The CRA regulations have since undergone a range of proposed changes by federal regulators to better reflect major technological and operational changes in banking in recent years.In addition  2023 will mark the release of a final rule by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in accordance with a requirement contained in the Dodd Frank Act. Section 1071 of the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) to require financial institutions to compile  maintain  and submit to the Bureau certain data on applications for credit for women-owned  minority-owned  and small businesses. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) is expected to issue a final rule by no later than March 31 that will impose a new set of data collection requirements for commercial loans.“I think we’re going to continue to see a reinvigoration of the CFPB ” Burniston said. “We’ll see that the CFPB’s actions will drive a lot of regulatory change  and when the CFPB does something  we’ll watch to see whether the prudential regulators will similarly respond.”Burniston anticipates the possible confluence of both major rules coming into play during 2023  which makes advance planning and preparation for implementing the new rules all the more critical to financial institutions’ ultimate success.“We could see modernized CRA regulations be released in close proximity to the Section 1071 regulations ” he said. “That would present a difficult challenge for the industry to manage the implementation of both of those  which are synced together. To some extent regulators will be using some of the [Section 1071] small-business lending data for CRA purposes as well.”For more than two decades  Wolters Kluwer has offered its CRA Wiz® software to help lenders monitor  track and report to regulators on their lending activities in compliance with the CRA regulations.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005287/en/,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.09,mixed,0.22,0.21,0.57,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'banking rules expertise', 'significant challenges', 'new small business loan data collection rules', 'small business lending data collection', 'new, major federal banking compliance legislation', 'The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'longstanding Community Reinvestment Act', 'Section 1071] small-business lending data', 'Community Reinvestment Act regulations', 'Equal Credit Opportunity Act', 'data collection requirements', 'senior regulatory compliance expert', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'consumer protection laws', 'The CRA regulations', 'Dodd Frank Act', 'several significant rules', 'deep domain knowledge', 'substantial operational, analytical', 'CRA Wiz® software', 'modernized CRA regulations', 'new legislation', 'new rules', 'small businesses', 'new compliance', 'major rules', 'expert solutions', 'modernized rules', 'financial institutions', 'lending activities', 'federal regulators', 'new set', 'software solutions', 'Less Legislation', 'major technological', 'Dodd-Frank Act', 'Section 1071 regulations', 'Senior Advisor', 'CRA purposes', 'Regulatory Strategy', 'regulatory change', 'regulatory sectors', 'Congressional agenda', 'resource challenges', 'More Regulation', 'October Research', 'annual State', 'moderate-income individuals', 'operational changes', 'recent years', 'final rule', 'commercial loans', 'possible confluence', 'advance planning', 'ultimate success', 'close proximity', 'two decades', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Industry Experts', 'Industry Report', 'banks’ focus', 'expected finalization', 'prudential regulators', 'difficult challenge', 'professional information', 'Tim Burniston', 'introduction', 'modernization', 'developments', 'way', 'calls', 'House', 'Senate', 'insights', 'article', 'part', 'effect', 'inequities', 'access', 'communities', 'range', 'addition', 'release', 'ECOA', 'applications', 'women-owned', 'minority-owned', 'CFPB', 'March', 'reinvigoration', 'actions', 'lot', 'something', 'play', 'preparation', 'implementation', 'extent', 'lenders', 'Euronext', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', '2023']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18963,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105614434/Notice-Of-Ericssons-Annual-General-Meeting-2023,Notice Of Ericsson's Annual General Meeting 2023,PRNewswire/ --<br />The Annual General Meeting of shareholders of Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (NASDAQ: eric ) will be,The Nomination Committee proposes among other things:Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt as new members of the Board and that Jan Carlson is elected as new Chair of the Board (item 9 and 11) Increase of the Board fees  the fees to the Chair of the Board  and the fees for work on all of the Committees of the Board (including Chair of the respective Committee)(item 10).The Board of Directors proposes among other things:A dividend of SEK 2.70 per share  to be paid in two equal installments (item 8.4).A Long-Term Variable Compensation Program for the Executive Team  with a one-year Group EBITA (operating income) target for 2023  three-year total shareholder return targets  all targets with a three-year vesting period (item 16).A Long-Term Variable Compensation Program for Executives  with a one-year Group EBITA (operating income) target for 2023  three-year total shareholder return targets  all targets with a three-year vesting period (item 17).Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on an acquisition offer in relation to the Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs 2022 and 2021 (item 18 and 19).Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange in relation to the Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs 2020 and 2019 (item 20). Resolution on new Guidelines for Remuneration to Group Management (item 21).Notice of the Annual General Meeting of shareholders 2023 of Telefonaktiebolaget LM EricssonThe shareholders of Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (reg. no 556016-0680) (' Company ' or ' Ericsson ') are invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting of shareholders (' AGM ') to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at 3 p.m. CEST at Kistamässan  Arne Beurlings Torg 5  Kista/Stockholm. Registration to the AGM starts at 1.30 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided to allow shareholders to exercise their voting rights by post before the AGM in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.The AGM will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notice of participationParticipation in personShareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must:be recorded as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB  concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023; andgive notice of participation to the Company at the latest on Thursday  March 23  2023by telephone +46 (0)8 402 90 54 on weekdays between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. CET;by post to Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson  AGM  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden;by e-mail to [email protected] ; or via Ericsson's website .When giving notice of participation  please state name  date of birth or registration number  address  telephone number and number of participating assistants  if any.ProxyIf the shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder  shall be issued for the representative. A power of attorney issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by the entity's certificate of registration (or a corresponding document of authority). In order to facilitate the registration at the AGM  the power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority should be sent to the Company well in advance of the AGM  but no later than March 23  2023 to the address above. Forms of power of attorney in Swedish and English are available on Ericsson's website  .Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must:be recorded as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB  concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023; and give notice of participation no later than Thursday  March 23  2023  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The form for postal voting is available on Ericsson's website . Completed and signed forms for postal voting can be sent by post to Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson  AGM  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to [email protected] . Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Ericsson's website  . Postal votes must be received by the Company/Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 23  2023.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions in the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions may be found in the form for postal voting and at Ericsson's website  .If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  the entity's certificate of registration (or a corresponding document of authority) shall also be enclosed with the form. Forms of power of attorney in Swedish and English are available on Ericsson's website  .A shareholder who has voted by post may also attend the meeting venue  provided that the notification has been made in accordance with the instructions under the heading Registration and notice of participation – participating in person above.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the AGM  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the AGM  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register of the Company as of Tuesday  March 21  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee.Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March23  2023 will be considered in the presentation of the share register.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of personal data in connection with the AGM  please see the integrity policy on Euroclear Sweden AB's website:Proposed agendaItem 1 Chair of the AGMThe Nomination Committee  appointed in accordance with the Instruction for the Nomination Committee resolved by the AGM 2012  is composed of the Chair of the Committee Johan Forssell (Investor AB)  Karl Åberg (AB Industrivärden)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF Tjänstepension & AMF Fonder)  Niko Pakalén (Cevian Capital Partners Limited) (replaced Jonas Synnergren on December 9  2022) and Ronnie Leten (Chair of the Board of Directors). The Nomination Committee proposes that Advokat Eva Hägg be elected Chair of the AGM.Item 2 Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company  based on the AGM's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and postal votes received.Item 8.4 Dividend and record datesThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 2.70 per share. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments  SEK 1.35 per share with the record date March 31  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share with the record date September 29  2023. Assuming these dates will be the record dates  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to disburse SEK 1.35 per share on April 5  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share on October 4  2023.Item 9 Number of Board members and deputies to be elected by the AGMAccording to the articles of association  the Board of Directors shall consist of no less than five and no more than twelve Board members  with no more than six deputies. The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Board members elected by the AGM shall be ten (previously eleven) and that no deputies be elected.Item 10 Fees payable to members of the Board of Directors elected by the AGM and to members of the Committees of the Board of Directors elected by the AGMThe Nomination Committee proposes that fees to non-employee Board members elected by the AGM and non-employee members of the Committees of the Board of Directors elected by the AGM be paid as follows:SEK 4 500 000 to the Chair of the Board of Directors (previously SEK 4 375 000);SEK 1 140 000 to each of the other Board members (previously SEK 1 100 000);SEK 495 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee (previouslySEK475 000);SEK 285 000 to each of the other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee (previouslySEK275 000);SEK 210 000 to each Chair of the Finance  the Remuneration and the Technology and Science Committee (previously SEK 205 000); and SEK 185 000 to each of the other members of the Finance  the Remuneration and the Technology and Science Committee (previously SEK 180 000).The Nomination Committee considered the Board fees with the objective of ensuring that they allow for the recruitment and retention of high quality individuals while also being appropriate in comparison to other technology companies operating globally and with similar size and complexity. As such  the Nomination Committee has concluded that an increase of the fees to all members of the Board and Board Committees  including their Chairs  in accordance with the above is reasonable  well-justified and in the best interests of the Company. The proposal of the Nomination Committee provides for an increase of the fees of approximately 3.3%[1] compared with the total fees to the corresponding number of Board and Committee members for Board and Committee work resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2022.Fees in the form of synthetic sharesBackgroundThe Nomination Committee believes that it is appropriate that Board members elected by the shareholders hold shares in Ericsson  in order to strengthen the Board members' and the shareholders' mutual interests in the Company. The Nomination Committee recommends that Board members elected by the shareholders  over a five year period  build a holding of shares or synthetic shares in Ericsson equal to at least the value of the annual Board fee (excluding fees for Committee work)  and that such holding be kept during the time the Board member remain Board member in Ericsson.To enable Board members to create an economic interest in the Company and considering that it is in many cases difficult for Board members to trade in the Company's share due to applicable insider rules  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Board members should  as previously  be offered the option of receiving part of the Board fees in the form of synthetic shares. A synthetic share constitutes a right to receive payment of an amount which corresponds to the market value of a share of series B in the Company on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of payment.ProposalThe Nomination Committee therefore proposes that the AGM 2023 resolve that part of the fees to the Board member  in respect of their Board assignment (however  not in respect of Committee work)  may be paid in the form of synthetic shares  on the following terms and conditions.A nominated Board member shall be able to choose to receive the fee in respect of his or her Board assignment  according to the following four alternatives:25 percent in cash – 75 percent in synthetic shares50 percent in cash – 50 percent in synthetic shares75 percent in cash – 25 percent in synthetic shares100 percent in cash.The number of synthetic shares to be allocated shall be valued at the average of the market price of shares of series B in the Company on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five trading days immediately following the publication of Ericsson's interim report for the first quarter of 2023. The synthetic shares are vested during the term of office  with 25 percent per quarter of the year.The synthetic shares give a right to  following the publication of Ericsson's year-end financial statement in 2028  receive payment of a cash amount per synthetic share corresponding to the market price of shares of series B in the Company in close connection with the time of payment.An amount corresponding to dividend in respect of shares of series B in the Company  resolved by the AGM during the holding period  shall be disbursed at the same time as the cash amount.Should the Board member's assignment to the Board of Directors come to an end no later than during the third calendar year after the year in which the AGM resolved on allocation of the synthetic shares  payment may take place the year after the assignment came to an end. The number of synthetic shares may be subject to recalculation in the event of bonus issues  splits  rights issues and similar measures  under the terms and conditions for the synthetic shares.The complete terms and conditions for the synthetic shares are described in Exhibit 1 to the Nomination Committee's proposal.The financial difference for the Company  should all Board members receive part of their fees in the form of synthetic shares compared with the fees being paid in cash only  is assessed to be limited.Item 11 Election of Board members and deputies of the Board of DirectorsProposalsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following persons be re-elected Board members:Item 12 Election of the Chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that Jan Carlson be elected Chair of the Board of Directors (new election).Information regarding proposed Board members and Chair (Item 11 and 12)Information regarding the proposed Board members and Chair is presented in Exhibit 2 to the Nomination Committee's proposal.ConsiderationsThe Nomination Committee primarily searches for potential Board member candidates for the upcoming mandate period  but also considers future competence needs. It is a long journey to identify the right candidates and long-term planning is essential. In assessing the appropriate composition of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Committee considers  among other things  experience and competence needed on the Board and its Committees  and the value of diversity in age  gender and cultural/geographic background as well as the need for renewal. The Nomination Committee believes that diversity on the Board will support Ericsson's sustainable development and therefore continually focuses on identifying Board member candidates with different backgrounds. While acknowledging increased expectations on transparency relating to diversity on the Board  applicable privacy regulations prevent Ericsson and the Nomination Committee from processing certain sensitive personal data about its Board members  such as information relating to demographic background. The Nomination Committee has applied the Swedish Corporate Governance Code  Section 4.1  as diversity policy. Focusing on improving the gender balance over time  the Nomination Committee particularly works to identify women candidates matching the current and future needs of the Board. The Nomination Committee also assesses the appropriateness of the number of Board members and whether the Board members can devote the necessary time required to fulfill their tasks as Board members in Ericsson.In its appraisal of qualifications and performance of the individual Board members  the Nomination Committee takes into account the competence and experience of each individual member along with the individual member's contribution to the Board work as a whole and to the Committee work. The Committee has familiarized itself with the results of the Board work evaluation that was led by the Chair of the Board of Directors. The Nomination Committee's objective is to propose and support the election of a Board that is comprised of individuals of the highest competency and integrity  while also holistically comprising a strong mix of needed skills and experience to effectively oversee and lead Ericsson.The Nomination Committee is of the opinion that the current Board of Directors and Board work is well functioning. Further  it is the Nomination Committee's view that the Board fulfills expectations in terms of composition and that the Board of Directors as well as the individual Board members fulfill expectations in terms of expertise. Competencies and experiences represented on the Board include broad international industry experience  experience from the telecom  IT and ICT sectors  technological and technical competencies and experiences (e.g. related to software and digitalization)  financial expertise and experience from private equity  M&A and new business. The Nomination Committee further believes that competencies and experiences within the Environmental  Social and Governance areas considered most relevant for Ericsson and the sector in which the Company operates are well represented on the Board  including for example related to the technologies the Company develops and delivers as well as relating to ethics and compliance. While the Board is well functioning and has a strong composition  the Nomination Committee believes that the Board would benefit from additional expertise within the software  technology and enterprise area.Ronnie Leten  Kurt Jofs and Nora Denzel have informed the Nomination Committee that they will not stand for re-election at the AGM 2023. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of current Board members Jon Fredrik Baksaas  Jan Carlson  Carolina Dybeck Happe  Börje Ekholm  Eric A. Elzvik  Kristin S. Rinne  Helena Stjernholm and Jacob Wallenberg  and new election of Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt as members of the Board.Jonas Synnergren has long-term international business experience as a Board member of Tieto Oyj and Veoneer Inc. and is currently a Board member of Nordea Oyj. In addition  Jonas Synnergren is Senior Partner in Cevian Capital AB  one of Ericsson's shareholders. Christy Wyatt has long-term international business experience from senior management roles within Motorola  Good Technology and DTEX Systems and is currently the President and CEO of Absolute Software.It is the Nomination Committee's assessment that the proposed new Chair of the Board of Directors  Jan Carlson  with his long career both as CEO and Chairman  good knowledge of Ericsson after serving many years on the Board  international experience  technology background and personal qualities will be an excellent successor as Chair of the Board. Further  it is the Nomination Committee's assessment that each of the proposed Board members  with their respective experiences  adds valuable expertise and experience to the Board  and that Jonas Synnergren's and Christy Wyatt's extensive international business experiences and deep software  enterprise and technology expertise will be of additional value to Ericsson and will further strengthen the Board.Out of the proposed Board members to be elected by the AGM of shareholders (excluding the President and CEO) 44% are women. Gender balance continues to be a key priority for the Nomination Committee  and the Committee works to improve the gender balance on the Board of Directors over time.Independence of Board membersThe Nomination Committee has made the following assessments in terms of applicable independence requirements:1.The Nomination Committee considers that the following Board members are independent of the Company and its senior management:a.Jon Fredrik Baksaasb.Jan Carlsonc.Carolina Dybeck Happed.Eric A. Elzvike.Kristin S. Rinnef.Helena Stjernholmg.Jonas Synnergrenh.Jacob Wallenbergi. Christy Wyatt2.From among the Board members reported in (i) above  the Nomination Committee considers that at least the following are independent of the Company's major shareholders:a.Jon Fredrik Baksaasb.Jan Carlsonc.Carolina Dybeck Happed.Eric A. Elzvike.Kristin S. Rinnef.Jonas Synnergreng.Christy WyattMoreover  the Nomination Committee considers that at least the following Board members are independent in respect of all applicable independence requirements:a.Jon Fredrik Baksaasb.Jan Carlsonc.Carolina Dybeck Happed.Eric A. Elzvike.Kristin S. Rinnef.Jonas Synnergreng.Christy WyattThe Nomination Committee concludes that the proposed composition of the Board of Directors meets the independence requirements applicable to Ericsson.Item 13 Number of auditorsAccording to the articles of association  the Company shall have no less than one and no more than three registered public accounting firms as auditor. The Nomination Committee proposes that the Company should have one registered public accounting firm as auditor.Item 14 Fees payable to the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  like previous years  that the auditor fees be paid against approved account.Item 15 Election of auditorIn accordance with the recommendation by the Audit and Compliance Committee  the Nomination Committee proposes that Deloitte AB be appointed auditor for the period from the end of the AGM 2023 until the end of the AGM 2024 (re-election).Item 16 Implementation of LTV I 2023 including transfer of treasury stock  directed share issue and authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on an acquisition offer of shares of series CBackgroundThe Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors evaluate the long-term variable compensation (' LTV ') programs to the Executive Team (' ET ') on an ongoing basis. The evaluation considers the LTV programs for effectiveness in serving their purpose to support achieving the Ericsson Group's strategic business objectives and sustainable long-term interests as well as their facility to increase the long-term focus of the members of the ET and align their interests with the long-term expectations and the interests of the shareholders.Upon evaluation of the currently ongoing LTV programs for 2020  2021 and 2022  the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors concluded that these ongoing LTV programs  which are all in essence the same in terms of plan structure  performance criteria and performance periods  enabled the Company to achieve its long-term objectives. The ongoing LTV programs further enabled the Company to remain committed to the targets for 2023 as well as the long-term target of 15-18% adjusted earnings (loss) before interest  taxes  amortization and write-downs of acquired intangible assets (' EBITA ')  in turn creating increased shareholder value. In order to further strengthen both Ericsson's and the ET's commitment to long-term sustainability and responsible business  the Board of Directors  upon recommendation from the Remuneration Committee  has concluded to propose to the AGM 2023 an LTV I 2023 for the ET.LTV I 2023 is an integral part of the Company's remuneration strategy and the Board of Directors in particular expects the members of the ET to build significant equity holdings to align the interests and expectations of the LTV program participants with those of shareholders.Proposals16.1 Implementation of the LTV I 2023The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolve on the LTV I 2023 for ET members comprising a maximum of 4.1 million shares of series B in the Company as set out below.Objectives of the LTV programThe LTV program is designed to provide long-term incentives for members of the ET (' Participants ')  thereby creating long-term value for the shareholders. The aim is to attract  retain and motivate executives in a competitive market through performance-based share related incentives  to encourage the build-up of significant equity holdings to align the interests of the Participants with those of shareholders and to further strengthen the ET's commitment to long-term sustainability and responsible business.The LTV Program in briefThe LTV Program is proposed to include all members (current and future) of the ET  currently comprising of 17 employees  including the President and CEO. Awards under LTV I 2023 (' Performance Share Awards ') will be granted free of charge entitling the Participant  provided that i.e. certain performance criteria set out below are met  to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following expiration of a three-year vesting period (' Vesting Period '). Allotment of shares pursuant to Performance Share Awards will be subject to the achievement of performance criteria  as set out below  and will generally require that the Participant retains his or her employment over the Vesting Period. All major decisions relating to LTV I 2023 will be taken by the Remuneration Committee  with approval by the full Board of Directors as required.Granting of Performance Share AwardsGranting of Performance Share Awards to the Participants will generally take place as soon as practicably possible following the AGM 2023. For 2023  the value of the underlying shares in respect of the Performance Share Awards made to the President and CEO will not exceed 190% of the Annual Base Salary at the time of grant  and for other Participants  the value will not exceed 70% of the Participants' respective Annual Base Salary at the time of grant  unless the Participant is employed in the USA where the value will not exceed 100% of Participants' Annual Base Salary.The share price used to calculate the number of shares to which the Performance Share Awards entitle will be the volume-weighted average of the market price of shares of series B in Ericsson on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five trading days immediately following the publication of the Company's interim report for the fourth quarter 2022.Performance criteriaThe vesting of the Performance Share Awards will be subject to the satisfaction of performance criteria related to 2023 Group EBITA (earnings (loss) before interest  taxes  amortizationsand write-downs of acquired intangible) (operating income) performance criterion  along with three-year total shareholder return (' TSR ' [2])  and Group Environmental Social Governance (' ESG ') performance criteria  which will determine what portion (if any) of the Performance Share Awards will vest at the end of the Vesting Period.The 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion relates to 45% of the Performance Share Awards and the maximum vesting level is 200%.The performance criteria based on TSR are absolute TSR development and relative TSR development for the Ericsson series B share over the period January 1  2023 – December 31  2025 (' Performance Period ' [3]). The absolute and relative TSR performance criteria relate to 25% and 20%  respectively  of the Performance Share Awards and the maximum vesting level for both TSR performance criteria is 200%.The Group ESG performance criterion measured over the Performance Period will relate to 10% of the Performance Share Awards  and the maximum vesting level is 200%.The following conditions will apply to the performance criteria:2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion45% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion for the 2023 financial year. The 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion established by the Board of Directors will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level. The 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) target is not disclosed due to stock market and competition considerations. The vesting level of Performance Share Awards related to 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion will be determined by the Board of Directors when the audited result for the financial year 2023 is available.If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the vesting will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum level of 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to the 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion. If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a linear pro-rata vesting of shares will occur. No vesting will occur if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. The allotment of the shares will not occur until the end of the Vesting Period in 2026.TSR performance criteriaAbsolute TSR performance criterion25% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfillment of an absolute TSR performance criterion over the Performance Period. If the absolute TSR development reaches or exceeds 14% per annum compounded  the maximum vesting of 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to absolute TSR performance criterion will occur. If the absolute TSR development is below or reaches only 6% per annum compounded  no vesting will occur in respect of the Performance Share Awards related to the absolute TSR performance criterion. A linear pro-rata vesting from 0% to 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to absolute TSR performance criterion will apply if the Company's absolute TSR performance is between 6% and 14% per annum compounded.Relative TSR performance criterion20% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a relative TSR performance criterion over the Performance Period  compared to a peer group consisting of 11 peer companies (' Peer Group '[4]). The vesting of the relative TSR related Performance Share Awards varies depending on the Company's TSR performance ranking versus the other companies in the Peer Group. If the Company's relative TSR performance is below the TSR development of the company ranked 6th in the Peer Group  no vesting will occur in respect of the Performance Share Awards related to relative TSR performance criterion. Vesting of the Performance Share Awards related to relative TSR performance criterion will occur at the following percentage levels  based on which ranking position in the Peer Group the Company's TSR performance corresponds to:Position within the Peer GroupAssociated vesting percentage level6 or lower0%550%4100%3150%2 or higher200%If the Company's TSR performance is between two of the ranked companies  a linear pro-rata vesting will apply between the vesting percentage levels for the relevant ranked positions.Group ESG performance criterion10% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a Group ESG performance criterion comprised of two equally weighted subcomponents covering environmental and social aspects of ESG measured over the Performance Period.Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions5% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfillment of a subcomponent of reducing greenhouse gas (' GHG ') emissions [5] from service fleet vehicles  energy consumption at facilities and from business travel [6].Subcomponent target- and corresponding achievement levels are defined in the schedule below and broken down for each of the three years [7] covered by the Performance Period. Vesting is determined at the end of each year  with each year corresponding to one third (1/3) of the total subcomponent Performance Share Awards. A linear pro-rata vesting of one third (1/3) of 0% to 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to reducing emissions in the subcomponent will apply if reported emissions in scope are between the minimum and maximum vesting levels for each of the years covered by the Performance Period. An illustrative example is included below.These target levels are aligned to the emissions reduction trajectory set for achieving Net Zero emissions from the Ericsson Group's own activities by 2030.AchievementGHG emissions target levels for emission in scope by fiscal year (ktonneCO2e)(%)2023202420250142132122100135126116200121113104Illustrative example: first  if reported emissions in scope for the year 2023 are 121 ktonne  the maximum vesting of one third of 200% (1/3 x 200% = 66.67%) of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent and year will occur. Next  if reported emissions for the year 2024 are 126 ktonne  vesting of one third of 100% (1/3 x 100% = 33.33%) of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent and fiscal year will occur. Last  if reported emissions in scope for the year 2025 are 122 ktonne  no vesting (1/3 x 0% = 0.00%) of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent will occur. Consequently  in this example total vesting of the Performance Share Award related to this subcomponent over the Performance Period will be (66.67% + 33.33% + 0.00%) 100%.Increasing the representation of women leaders in Ericsson5% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a subcomponent of increasing the representation of women leaders (i.e. women holding roles with people management responsibility) in the Ericsson Group to 24% by the end of the Performance Period  which is in line with achieving the target trajectory for increasing the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group to 30% by 2030.If the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group amounts to 25% or above by the end of the Performance Period  the maximum vesting of 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent will occur. If the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group amounts to 23% or below by the end of the Performance Period  no vesting will occur in respect of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent. A linear pro-rata vesting from 0% to 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to increasing the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group subcomponent will apply if the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group exceeds 23% but is below 25% by the end of the Performance Period.The vesting level of Performance Share Awards related to the Group ESG performance criterion will be determined by the Board of Directors when the audited results for both subcomponents at the end of the financial year 2025 are available.Information about the outcome of the performance criteria will be provided no later than in the annual report for the financial year 2025.Allotment of sharesProvided that the performance criteria above have been met and that the Participant has retained his or her employment (unless special circumstances are at hand) during the Vesting Period  allotment of vested shares will take place as soon as practicably possible following the expiration of the Vesting Period.When determining the final vesting level of Performance Share Awards  the Board of Directors shall examine whether the vesting level is reasonable considering the Company's financial results and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances  such as environmental  social  ethics and compliance factors  and if not  as determined by the Board of Directors  reduce the vesting level to the lower level deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.In the event delivery of shares to Participants cannot take place under applicable law or at a reasonable cost and employing reasonable administrative measures  the Board of Directors will be entitled to decide that Participants may  instead  be offered a cash settlement.The Company has the right to  before delivering vested shares to the Participants  retain and sell the number of shares required to cover the cost for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the Participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities. In such an event  net amount of vested shares will thus be delivered to the Participants after the vested Performance Share Awards are reduced by the number of shares retained by the Company for such purposes.FinancingThe Board of Directors has considered different financing methods for transfer of shares under the LTV I 2023 such as transfer of treasury stock and an equity swap agreement with a third party. The Board of Directors considers that a directed issue of shares of series C in the Company  followed by buy-back and transfer of treasury stock is the most cost efficient and flexible method to transfer shares under the LTV I 2023.The Company's current holding of treasury stock is not sufficient for the implementation of the LTV I 2023. Therefore  the Board of Directors proposes a directed share issue and buy back of shares as further set out below under item 16.2. Under the proposed transactions  shares are issued at the share's quota value and repurchased as soon as the shares have been subscribed for and registered. The purchase price paid by the Company to the subscriber equals the subscription price. As compensation to the subscriber for its assistance in the issuance and buy-back of shares under items 16  17  18 and 19 the Company will pay to the subscriber an amount totaling SEK 100 000.The procedure of issuance and buy-back of shares for the Company's LTV programs has previously been decided by the AGMs in 2001  2003  2008  2009  2012  2016  and 2017.Since the costs for the Company in connection with an equity swap agreement will be significantly higher than the costs in connection with transfer of treasury stock  the main alternative is that the financial exposure is secured by transfer of treasury stock and that an equity swap agreement with a third party is an alternative in the event that the required majority for approval is not reached.CostsThe total effect on the income statement of the LTV I 2023  including financing costs and social security fees  is estimated to range between SEK 100 million and SEK 230 million distributed over the years 2023-2026. The costs will depend on the future development of the price of Ericsson series B share.The administration cost for transfer of shares by way of an equity swap agreement is currently estimated to approximately SEK 30 million  compared to the cost of approximately SEK 100 000 for using newly issued and acquired shares in treasury (SEK 100 000 is the total cost paid to the subscriber in relation to items 16  17  18 and 19  regardless of the number of share issuances).DilutionThe Company has approximately 3.3 billion registered shares. As per December 31  2022  the Company held approximately 4 million shares in treasury. The number of shares that may be required for ongoing LTV programs (2019  2020  2021 and 2022) as per December 31  2022  is estimated to approximately 4.9 million shares  corresponding to approximately 0.15 percent of the number of registered shares of the Company. In order to implement the LTV I 2023  a total of up to 4.1 million shares are required  which corresponds to approximately 0.12 percent of the total number of registered shares of the Company  hence an issue of new shares is proposed for the implementation of LTV I 2023. The effect on important key figures is only marginal.16.2 Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer for the LTV I 2023a.Transfer of treasury stock under the LTV I 2023Transfer of no more than 3.4 million shares of series B in the Company less any shares retained by the Company as per item 16.2 c) may occur on the following terms and conditions:The right to acquire shares shall be granted to such persons within the Ericsson Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to the LTV I 2023. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Ericsson Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV I 2023.The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of the LTV I 2023  i.e. in 2026.Employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV I 2023 shall receive shares of series B in the Company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in the Company that may be transferred under the LTV I 2023 may be subject to recalculation in the event of bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or similar measures  under the terms and conditions of the LTV I 2023.b.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover expensesThe Company may  prior to the AGM in 2024  transfer no more than 700 000 shares of series B in the Company  in order to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm.c.Authorization to decide on transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover costs for tax and social security liabilities for the ParticipantsAuthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV I 2023  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested shares of series B in the Company in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the Participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm. These shares form a part of the final number of vested shares to the employees under LTV I 2023 and do not incur additional costs to the LTV I 2023 for the Company.d.Directed issue of shares of series C in the CompanyIncrease of the share capital in the Company with SEK 20 500 000.01 by an issue of 4.1 million shares of series C in the Company  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 5. The terms and conditions of the share issue are the following:The new shares shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – be subscribed for only by Investor AB or its subsidiaries.The new shares shall be subscribed for during the period as from Thursday  April 27  2023  up to and including Tuesday  May 2  2023. Over-subscription may not occur.The amount that shall be paid for each new share shall be the quota value (approximately SEK 5).Payment for the subscribed shares shall be made at the time of subscription.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the period for subscription and payment.The new shares shall not entitle the holders to dividend payment. It is noted that the new shares are subject to restrictions pursuant to Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion clause) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption clause) of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors proposes that the President and CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to the above resolutions that may prove to be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and principles on which the subscription price is basedThe Board of Directors considers that a directed issue of shares of series C in the Company  followed by buy-back and transfer of treasury stock is the most cost efficient and flexible method to transfer shares under the LTV I 2023. Shares are issued at the share's quota value and repurchased as soon as the shares have been subscribed for and registered. The purchase price paid by the Company to the subscriber equals the subscription price.e.Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a directed acquisition offerAuthorization for the Board of Directors to decide that 4.1 million shares of series C in Ericsson be acquired according to the following:Acquisition may occur by an offer to acquire shares directed to all holders of shares of series C in Ericsson.The authorization may be exercised until the AGM in 2024.The acquisition shall be made at a price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 per share). Payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash.16.3 Equity Swap Agreement with third party in relation to the LTV I 2023In the event that the required majority for approval is not reached under item 16.2 above  the financial exposure of the LTV I 2023 shall be hedged by the Company entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer shares of series B in the Company to employees covered by the LTV I 2023.Majority rulesThe resolution of the AGM on implementation of the LTV I 2023 according to item 16.1 requires that more than half of the votes cast at the AGM approve the proposal. The resolution of the AGM on transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer for the LTV I 2023 according to item 16.2 requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the proposal. The resolution of the AGM on an Equity Swap Agreement with third party according to item 16.3 requires that more than half of the votes cast at the AGM approve the proposal.Item 17 Implementation of LTV II 2023 including transfer of treasury stock  directed share issue and authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on an acquisition offerBackgroundIn addition to the LTV programs for the President and CEO and members of the ET  Ericsson has since 2017 operated a performance-based long-term variable compensation program for employees classified as Executives (approximately 180 employees) (the Ericsson Executive Performance Plan (' EPP ')). The EPP is identical to the LTV I  with the exception that the EPP is cash settled. The Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors have evaluated whether to implement an additional long-term variable compensation program  LTV II 2023  for Executives with delivery of shares of series B in Ericsson instead of cash settlement to further strengthen both Ericsson's and the Executives' commitment to long-term sustainability and responsible business. The Board of Directors  upon recommendation from the Remuneration Committee  has concluded to propose to the AGM 2023 the LTV II 2023 for Executives.LTV II 2023 is an integral part of the Company's remuneration strategy  and the Board of Directors in particular expects the Executives to build significant equity holdings to align the interests and expectations of the LTV program participants with those of shareholders.The criteria and vesting period for LTV II 2023 are the same as for LTV I 2023. Should the AGM 2023 not vote in favor of the proposal of implementing LTV II 2023 the EPP 2023 will be implemented.Proposals17.1 Implementation of the LTV II 2023The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolve on the LTV II 2023 for Executives  comprising a maximum of 5.9 million shares of series B in the Company as set out below.Objectives of the LTV programThe LTV program is designed to provide long-term incentives for Executives (' Participants ')  thereby creating long-term value for the shareholders. The aim is to attract  retain and motivate Executives in a competitive market through performance-based share related incentives  to encourage the build-up of significant equity holdings to align the interests of the Participants with those of shareholders and to further strengthen Ericsson's and the Executives' commitment to long-term sustainability and responsible business.The LTV program in briefThe LTV program is proposed to include all Executives (current and future)  currently comprising of 180 employees  excluding the President and CEO and ET. Awards under LTV II 2023 (' Performance Share Awards ') will be granted free of charge entitling the Participant  provided that i.e. certain performance criteria set out below are met  to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following expiration of a three-year vesting period (' Vesting Period '). Allotment of shares pursuant to Performance Share Awards will be subject to the achievement of performance criteria  as set out below  and will generally require that the Participant retains his or her employment over the Vesting Period. All major decisions relating to LTV II 2023 will be taken by the Remuneration Committee  with approval by the full Board of Directors as required.Granting of Performance Share AwardsGranting of Performance Share Awards to the Participants will generally take place as soon as practicably possible following the AGM 2023. For 2023  the value of the underlying shares in respect of the Performance Share Awards made to the Participants  will not exceed 70% of the Participants' respective Annual Base Salary at the time of grant  unless the Participant is employed in the USA where the value will not exceed 100% of Participant's Annual Base Salary.The share price used to calculate the number of shares to which the Performance Share Awards entitle will be the volume-weighted average of the market price of shares of series B in the Company on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five trading days immediately following the publication of the Company's interim report for the fourth quarter 2022.Performance criteriaThe vesting of the Performance Share Awards will be subject to the satisfaction of performance criteria related to 2023 Group EBITA (earnings (loss) before interest  taxes  amortizations and write-downs of acquired intangible) (operating income) performance criterion  along with three-year total shareholder return (' TSR ' [8])  and Group ESG performance criteria  which will determine what portion (if any) of the Performance Share Awards will vest at the end of the Vesting Period.The 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion relates to 45% of the Performance Share Awards and the maximum vesting level is 200%.The performance criteria based on TSR are absolute TSR development and relative TSR development for the shares of series B in Ericsson over the period January 1  2023 – December31 2025 (' Performance Period ' [9]). The absolute and relative TSR performance criteria relate to 25% and 20%  respectively  of the Performance Share Awards and the maximum vesting level for both TSR performance criteria is 200%.The Group ESG performance criterion measured over the Performance Period will relate to 10% of the Performance Share Awards  and the maximum vesting level is 200%.The following conditions will apply to the performance criteria:2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion45% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion for the 2023 financial year. The 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion established by the Board of Directors will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level. The 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) target is not disclosed due to stock market and competition considerations. The vesting level of Performance Share Awards related to 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion will be determined by the Board of Directors when the audited result for the financial year 2023 is available.If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the vesting will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum level of 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to the 2023 Group EBITA (operating income) performance criterion. If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a linear pro-rata vesting of shares will occur. No vesting will occur if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. The allotment of the shares will not occur until the end of the Vesting Period in 2026.TSR performance criteriaAbsolute TSR performance criterion25% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of an absolute TSR performance criterion over the Performance Period. If the absolute TSR development reaches or exceeds 14% per annum compounded  the maximum vesting of 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to absolute TSR performance criterion will occur. If the absolute TSR development is below or reaches only 6% per annum compounded  no vesting will occur in respect of the Performance Share Awards related to the absolute TSR performance criterion. A linear pro-rata vesting from 0% to 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to absolute TSR performance criterion will apply if the Company's absolute TSR performance is between 6% and 14% per annum compounded.Relative TSR performance criterion20% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a relative TSR performance criterion over the Performance Period  compared to a peer group consisting of 11 peer companies (' Peer Group '[10]). The vesting of the relative TSR related Performance Share Awards varies depending on the Company's TSR performance ranking versus the other companies in the Peer Group. If the Company's relative TSR performance is below the TSR development of the company ranked 6th in the Peer Group  no vesting will occur in respect of the Performance Share Awards related to relative TSR performance criterion. Vesting of the Performance Share Awards related to relative TSR performance criterion will occur at the following percentage levels  based on which ranking position in the Peer Group the Company's TSR performance corresponds to:Position within the Peer GroupAssociated vesting percentage level6 or lower0%550%4100%3150%2 or higher200%If the Company's TSR performance is between two of the ranked companies  a linear pro-rata vesting will apply between the vesting percentage levels for the relevant ranked positions.Group ESG performance criterion10% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a Group ESG performance criterion comprised of two equally weighted subcomponents covering environmental and social aspects of ESG measured over the Performance Period.Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions5% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfillment of a subcomponent of reducing greenhouse gas (' GHG ') emissions [11] from service fleet vehicles  energy consumption at facilities and from business travel [12].Subcomponent target and corresponding achievement levels are defined in the schedule below and broken down for each of the three years [13] covered by the Performance Period. Vesting is determined at the end of each year  with each year corresponding to one third (1/3) of the total subcomponent Performance Share Awards. A linear pro-rata vesting of one third (1/3) of 0% to 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to reducing emissions in the subcomponent will apply if reported emissions in scope are between the minimum and maximum vesting levels for each of the years covered by the Performance Period. An illustrative example is included below.These target levels are aligned to the emissions reduction trajectory set for achieving Net Zero emissions from the Ericsson Group's own activities by 2030.AchievementGHG emissions target levels for emission in scope by fiscal year (ktonneCO2e)(%)2023202420250142132122100135126116200121113104Illustrative example: first  if reported emissions in scope for the year 2023 are 121 ktonne  the maximum vesting of one third of 200% (1/3 x 200% = 66.67%) of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent and year will occur. Next  if reported emissions for the year 2024 are 126 ktonne  vesting of one third of 100% (1/3 x 100% = 33.33%) of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent and fiscal year will occur. Last  if reported emissions in scope for the year 2025 are 122 ktonne  no vesting (1/3 x 0% = 0.00%) of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent will occur. Consequently  in this example total vesting of the Performance Share Award related to this subcomponent over the Performance Period will be (66.67% + 33.33% + 0.00%) 100%.Increasing the representation of women leaders in Ericsson5% of the Performance Share Awards granted to a Participant will be subject to fulfilment of a subcomponent of increasing the representation of women leaders (i.e. women holding roles with people management responsibility) in the Ericsson Group to 24% by the end of the Performance Period  which is in line with achieving the target trajectory for increasing the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group to 30% by 2030.If the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group amounts to 25% or above by the end of the Performance Period  the maximum vesting of 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent will occur. If the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group amounts to 23% or below by the end of the Performance Period  no vesting will occur in respect of the Performance Share Awards related to this subcomponent. A linear pro-rata vesting from 0% to 200% of the Performance Share Awards related to increasing the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group subcomponent will apply if the representation of women leaders in the Ericsson Group exceeds 23% but is below 25% by the end of the Performance Period.The vesting level of Performance Share Awards related to the Group ESG performance criterion will be determined by the Board of Directors when the audited results for both subcomponents at the end of the financial year 2025 are available.Information about the outcome of the performance criteria will be provided no later than in the annual report for the financial year 2025.Allotment of sharesProvided that the performance criteria above have been met and that the Participant has retained his or her employment (unless special circumstances are at hand) during the Vesting Period  allotment of vested shares will take place as soon as practicably possible following the expiration of the Vesting Period.When determining the final vesting level of Performance Share Awards  the Board of Directors shall examine whether the vesting level is reasonable considering the Company's financial results and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances  such as environmental  social  ethics and compliance factors  and if not  as determined by the Board of Directors  reduce the vesting level to the lower level deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.In the event delivery of shares to Participants cannot take place under applicable law or at a reasonable cost and employing reasonable administrative measures  the Board of Directors will be entitled to decide that Participants may  instead  be offered a cash settlement.The Company has the right to  before delivering vested shares to the Participants  retain and sell the number of shares required to cover the cost for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the Participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities. In such an event  net amount of vested shares will thus be delivered to the Participants after the vested Performance Share Awards are reduced by the number of shares retained by the Company for such purposes.FinancingThe Board of Directors has considered different financing methods for transfer of shares under the LTV II 2023 such as transfer of treasury stock and an equity swap agreement with a third party. The Board of Directors considers that a directed issue of shares of series C in the Company  followed by buy-back and transfer of treasury stock is the most cost efficient and flexible method to transfer shares under the LTV II 2023.The Company's current holding of treasury stock is not sufficient for the implementation of the LTV II 2023. Therefore  the Board of Directors proposes a directed share issue and buy back of shares as further set out below under item 17.2. Under the proposed transactions  shares are issued at the share's quota value and repurchased as soon as the shares have been subscribed for and registered. The purchase price paid by the Company to the subscriber equals the subscription price. As compensation to the subscriber for its assistance in the issuance and buy-back of shares under items 16  17  18 and 19  the Company will pay to the subscriber an amount totaling SEK 100 000.Since the costs for the Company in connection with an equity swap agreement will be significantly higher than the costs in connection with transfer of treasury stock  the main alternative is that the financial exposure is secured by transfer of treasury stock and that an equity swap agreement with a third party is an alternative in the event that the required majority for approval is not reached.CostsThe total effect on the income statement of the LTV II 2023  including financing costs and social security fees  is estimated to range between SEK 146 million and SEK 333 million distributed over the years 2023-2026. The costs will depend on the future development of the price of shares of series B in Ericsson.The administration cost for transfer of shares by way of an equity swap agreement is currently estimated to approximately SEK 30 million  compared to the cost of approximately SEK 100 000 for using newly issued and acquired shares in treasury (SEK 100 000 is the total cost paid to the subscriber in relation to items 16  17  18 and 19  regardless of the number of share issuances).DilutionThe Company has approximately 3.3 billion registered shares. As per December 31  2022  the Company held approximately 4 million shares in treasury. The number of shares that may be required for ongoing LTV programs (2019  2020  2021 and 2022) as per December 31  2022  is estimated to approximately 4.9 million shares  corresponding to approximately 0.15 percent of the number of registered shares of the Company. In order to implement the LTV II 2023  a total of up to 5.9 million shares are required  which corresponds to approximately 0.18 percent of the total number of registered shares of the Company. Hence an issue of new shares is proposed for the implementation of LTV II 2023. The effect on important key figures is only marginal.17.2 Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer for the LTV II 2023a.Transfer of treasury stock under the LTV II 2023Transfer of no more than 4.9 million shares of series B in the Company less any shares retained by the Company as per item 17.2 c) may occur on the following terms and conditions:The right to acquire shares shall be granted to such persons within the Ericsson Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to the LTV II 2023. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Ericsson Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV II 2023.The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of the LTV II 2023  i.e. in 2026.Employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV II 2023 shall receive shares of series B in the Company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in the Company that may be transferred under the LTV II 2023 may be subject to recalculation in the event of bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or similar measures  under the terms and conditions of the LTV II 2023.b.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover expensesThe Company may  prior to the AGM in 2024  transfer no more than 1.0 million shares of series B in the Company  in order to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm.c.Authorization to decide on transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover costs for tax and social security liabilities for the ParticipantsAuthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV II 2023  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested shares of series B in the Company in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the Participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm. These shares form a part of the final number of vested shares to the employees under LTV II 2023 and do not incur additional costs to the LTV II 2023 for the Company.d.Directed issue of shares of series C in the CompanyIncrease of the share capital in the Company with SEK 29 500 000.01 by an issue of 5.9 million shares of series C in the Company  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 5. The terms and conditions of the share issue are the following:The new shares shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – be subscribed for only by Investor AB or its subsidiaries.The new shares shall be subscribed for during the period as from Thursday  April 27  2023  up to and including Tuesday  May 2  2023. Over-subscription may not occur.The amount that shall be paid for each new share shall be the quota value (approximately SEK 5).Payment for the subscribed shares shall be made at the time of subscription.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the period for subscription and payment.The new shares shall not entitle the holders to dividend payment. It is noted that the new shares are subject to restrictions pursuant to Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion clause) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption clause) of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors proposes that the President and CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to the above resolutions that may prove to be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and principles on which the subscription price is basedThe Board of Directors considers that a directed shares of series C in the Company  followed by buy-back and transfer of treasury stock is the most cost efficient and flexible method to transfer shares under the LTV II 2023. Shares are issued at the share's quota value and repurchased as soon as the shares have been subscribed for and registered. The purchase price paid by the Company to the subscriber equals the subscription price.e.Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a directed acquisition offerAuthorization for the Board of Directors to decide that 5.9 million shares of series C in Ericsson be acquired according to the following:Acquisition may occur by an offer to acquire shares directed to all holders of shares of series C in Ericsson.The authorization may be exercised until the AGM in 2024.The acquisition shall be made at a price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 per share). Payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash.17.3 Equity Swap Agreement with third party in relation to the LTV II 2023In the event that the required majority for approval is not reached under item 17.2 above  the financial exposure of the LTV II 2023 shall be hedged by the Company entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer shares of series B in the Company to employees covered by the LTV II 2023.Majority rulesThe resolution of the AGM on implementation of the LTV II 2023 according to item 17.1 requires that more than half of the votes cast at the AGM approve the proposal. The resolution of the AGM on transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer for the LTV II 2023 according to item 17.2 requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the proposal. The resolution of the AGM on an Equity Swap Agreement with third party according to item 17.3 requires that more than half of the votes cast at the AGM approve the proposal.Description of other ongoing long-term variable compensation programsIn addition to the LTV programs  which are directed at the President and CEO and the members of the ET  the Company has other ongoing long-term variable compensation programs directed at other employees within the Group (' Executives '). These programs are an integral part of the Company's remuneration strategy as well as a part of the Company's talent management strategy. The Company has decided to implement two other share-related compensation programs for 2023: The Executive Performance Plan 2023 (' EPP 2023 ') and the Key Contribution Plan 2023 (' KC Plan 2023 '). Ericsson has also implemented an all-employee share purchase plan in 2021.The Executive Performance Plan 2023  implemented only in case the AGM 2023 would not resolve in favor of item 17The EPP 2023 is designed to attract  retain and motivate Executives in a competitive market through performance based long-term cash incentive supporting the achievement of the Company's long-term strategies and business objectives. Approximately 180 Executives will be eligible for the EPP 2023. Participants are assigned a potential award defined as a percentage of the participants' annual gross salary  which is converted into a number of synthetic shares based on the same market price of shares of series B in Ericsson used for the LTV I 2023 at the time of grant. Award levels are assigned to Executives in range of 0-45% of annual base pay.The vesting level of the awards  occurring after a three-year vesting period  is subject to the achievement of the same performance criteria as for the LTV I 2023  and generally requires that the participant retains his or her employment over the three-year vesting period. At the end of the vesting period  the allotted synthetic shares are converted into a cash amount  based on the market price of the shares of series B in Ericsson at Nasdaq Stockholm at the vesting date  and this final amount is paid to the Participant in cash gross before tax. It is estimated that approximately 2.5 million synthetic shares will be awarded under the EPP 2023. The maximum total cost effect of the EPP 2023 on the income statement  including social security fees  is estimated to be approximately SEK 700 million distributed over the years 2023-2026. The costs will depend on the future development of the market price of the shares of series B in Ericsson.The Key Contribution Plan 2023The KC Plan 2023 is designed to recognize the best talent  individual performance  potential and critical skills as well as encourage the retention of key employees. Approximately 10% to 14% of Ericsson employees will be eligible for the KC Plan 2023. The award levels are assigned to employees mainly within in a range of 10 – 50% of Annual Base Salary to bring greater alignment with the local market conditions.Participants are assigned a potential award  which is converted into a number of synthetic shares based on the same market price of the shares of series B in Ericsson used for the LTV I 2023 at the time of grant. The plan has a three-year total service period (' Service Period ') during which the awards are paid on an annual rolling bases following the below payment schedule:25% of the award at the end of the first year 25% of the award at the end of the second year  and 50% of the award at the end of the full Service Period.The value of each synthetic share is driven by the absolute share price performance of shares of series B in Ericsson shares during the Service Period. At the date of vesting for each instalment of the above-described annual rolling payment schedule  the synthetic shares are converted into a cash amount  based on the market price of the Ericsson series B share on Nasdaq Stockholm at the respective vesting date  and this final amount is paid to the Participant in cash gross before tax. It is estimated that approximately 31 million synthetic shares will be awarded under the KC Plan 2023. The maximum total cost effect of the KC Plan 2023 on the income statement  including social security fees  is estimated to be approximately SEK 5 billion distributed over the years 2023-2026. The costs will depend on the future development of the market price of the Ericsson series B share.The Ericsson share purchase plan (' ESPP ')Ericsson is committed to helping employees thrive and to recognizing them for the impact they create by providing opportunities to enrich their working experience. In order to encourage employees to play an active role in achieving the Company's purpose  further create sense of belonging and ownership  the ESPP was launched in November 2021 (in 58 countries to approximately 58 900 eligible employees)  with continued deployment in 2022 to 20 additional countries and 30 100 eligible employees. In total the ESPP is now live in 78 countries for 89 000 eligible employees of which 16 319 were actually saving at year-end 2022.The ESPP is an all-employee share purchase plan that enables employees to purchase shares of series B in Ericsson up to a maximum value of SEK 50 000 per year via monthly payroll deduction. In recognition of the employees' commitment  Ericsson supports the participants with a net cash payment up to 15% of their elected contribution amounts and covers the tax on the Company supported amount  which is payable via payroll. Under the ESPP participants will acquire shares of series B in Ericsson at market price on Nasdaq Stockholm and the ESPP does therefore not have any dilutive effect.The Company's ongoing variable compensation programs are described in further detail in the Annual Report 2022 in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements  Note G3: Share-based compensation and on the Company's website.Item 18 Resolution on transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer in relation to the earlier resolution on the LTV 2022BackgroundThe AGM in 2022 resolved to implement LTV 2022 and to secure the Company's undertakings under LTV 2022 through an equity swap agreement with a third party. The Board of Directors still considers that transfer of treasury stock  a proposal that was withdrawn by the Board of Directors at the AGM 2022  is the most cost efficient and flexible method to secure the undertakings under LTV 2022.The Company has approximately 3.3 billion registered shares. For LTV 2022  a total of up to 2.0 million shares are required  which corresponds to approximately 0.1 percent of the total number of registered shares  hence an issue of new shares is proposed for LTV 2022. The effect on important key figures is only marginal.Proposal18.1 Transfer of treasury stock for the LTV 2022To secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms of the LTV 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolve that the Company shall have the right to transfer no more than 1.5 million shares of series B in the Company less any shares retained by the Company as per item 18.3 on the following terms and conditions:The right to acquire shares shall be granted to such persons within the Ericsson Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to the LTV 2022. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Ericsson Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV 2022.The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of the LTV 2022  i.e. in 2025.Employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV 2022 shall receive shares of series B in the Company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in the Company that may be transferred under the LTV 2022 may be subject to recalculation in the event of bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or similar measures  under the terms and conditions of the LTV 2022.18.2 Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover expenses for the LTV 2022The Company may  prior to the AGM in 2024  transfer no more than 500 000 shares of series B in the Company  in order to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm.18.3 Authorization to decide on transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover costs for tax and social security liabilities for the Participants for the LTV 2022Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2022  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested shares of series B in the Company in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the Participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm. These shares form a part of the final number of vested shares to the employees under LTV 2022 and do not incur additional costs to the LTV 2022 for the Company.18.4 Directed issue of shares of series C in the Company for the LTV 2022Increase of the share capital in the Company with SEK 10 000 000.01 by an issue of 2 million shares of series C in the Company  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 5. The terms and conditions of the share issue are the following:The new shares shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – be subscribed for only by Investor AB or its subsidiaries.The new shares shall be subscribed for during the period as from Thursday  April 27  2023  up to and including Tuesday  May 2  2023. Over-subscription may not occur.The amount that shall be paid for each new share shall be the quota value (approximately SEK 5).Payment for the subscribed shares shall be made at the time of subscription.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the period for subscription and payment.The new shares shall not entitle the holders to dividend payment. It is noted that the new shares are subject to restrictions pursuant to Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion clause) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption clause) of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors proposes that the President and CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to the above resolutions that may prove to be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and principles on which the subscription price is basedThe Board of Directors considers that a directed issue of shares of series C  followed by buy-back and transfer of treasury stock is the most cost efficient and flexible method to transfer shares under the LTV 2022. Shares are issued at the share's quota value and repurchased as soon as the shares have been subscribed for and registered. The purchase price paid by the Company to the subscriber equals the subscription price. As compensation to the subscriber for its assistance in the issuance and buy-back of shares under items 16  17  18 and 19  the Company will pay to the subscriber an amount totaling SEK 100 000.18.5 Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a directed acquisition offerfor the LTV 2022Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide that 2.0 million shares of series C in the Company be acquired according to the following:Acquisition may occur by an offer to acquire shares directed to all holders of shares of series C in Ericsson.The authorization may be exercised until the AGM in 2024.The acquisition shall be made at a price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 per share). Payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash.Majority rulesThe resolution of the AGM on items 18.1-18.5; transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer for the LTV 2022  is proposed to be taken as one decision  and requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the proposal.Item 19 Resolution on transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer in relation to the earlier resolution on the LTV 2021BackgroundThe AGM in 2021 resolved to implement LTV 2021 and to secure the Company's undertakings under LTV 2021 through an equity swap agreement with a third party. The Board of Directors still considers that transfer of treasury stock  a proposal that was withdrawn by the Board of Directors at the AGM 2022  is the most cost efficient and flexible method to secure the undertakings under LTV 2021.The Company has approximately 3.3 billion registered shares. For LTV 2021  a total of up to 2.1million shares are required  which corresponds to approximately 0.1 percent of the total number of registered shares  hence an issue of new shares is proposed for LTV 2021. The effect on important key figures is only marginal.Proposal19.1 Transfer of treasury stock for the LTV 2021To secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the LTV 2021  the Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolve that the Company shall have the right to transfer no more than 1.6 million shares of series B in the Company less any shares retained by the Company as per item 19.3 on the following terms and conditions:The right to acquire shares shall be granted to such persons within the Ericsson Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to the LTV 2021. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Ericsson Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV 2021.The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of the LTV 2021  i.e. in 2024.Employees covered by the terms and conditions of the LTV 2021 shall receive shares of series B in the Company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in the Company that may be transferred under the LTV 2021 may be subject to recalculation in the event of bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or similar measures  under the terms and conditions of the LTV 2021.19.2 Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover expenses for the LTV 2021The Company may  prior to the AGM in 2024  transfer no more than 500 000 shares of series B in the Company  in order to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm.19.3 Authorization to decide on transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover costs for tax and social security liabilities for the Participants for the LTV 2021Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2021  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested shares of series B in the Company in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the Participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm. These shares form a part of the final number of vested shares to the employees under LTV 2021 and do not incur additional costs to the LTV 2021 for the Company.19.4 Directed issue of shares of series C in the Company for the LTV 2021Increase of the share capital in the Company with SEK 10 500 000.01 by an issue of 2.1 million shares of series C in the Company  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 5. The terms and conditions of the share issue are the following:The new shares shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – be subscribed for only by Investor AB or its subsidiaries.The new shares shall be subscribed for during the period as from Thursday  April 27  2023  up to and including Tuesday  May 2  2023. Over-subscription may not occur.The amount that shall be paid for each new share shall be the quota value (approximately SEK 5).Payment for the subscribed shares shall be made at the time of subscription.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the period for subscription and payment.The new shares shall not entitle the holders to dividend payment. It is noted that the new shares are subject to restrictions pursuant to Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion clause) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption clause) of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors proposes that the President and CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to the above resolutions that may prove to be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and principles on which the subscription price is basedThe Board of Directors considers that a directed shares of series C in the Company  followed by buy-back and transfer of treasury stock is the most cost efficient and flexible method to transfer shares under the LTV 2021. Shares are issued at the share's quota value and bought back as soon as the shares have been subscribed for and registered. The purchase price paid by the Company to the subscriber equals the subscription price. As compensation to the subscriber for its assistance in the issuance and buy-back of shares under items 16  17  18 and 19  the Company will pay to the subscriber an amount totaling SEK 100 000.19.5 Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a directed acquisition offer for the LTV 2021Authorization for the Board of Directors to decide that 2.1 million shares of series C in Ericsson be acquired according to the following:Acquisition may occur by an offer to acquire shares directed to all holders of shares of series C in Ericsson.The authorization may be exercised until the AGM in 2024.The acquisition shall be made at a price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 per share). Payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash.Majority rulesThe resolution of the AGM on items 19.1-19.5; transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issue and acquisition offer for the LTV 2021  is proposed to be taken as one decision  and requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the proposal.Item 20 Resolutions on transfer of treasury stock in relation to the resolutions on the ongoing LTV 2019 and LTV 202020.1 Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover expensesThe AGM in 2022 resolved on a right for the Company to transfer in total not more than 1.4 million shares of series B in the Company on a stock exchange to cover certain payments  mainly social security payments  which may occur in relation to the LTV 2019 and the LTV 2020.The resolution is valid up to the following AGM. Resolutions on transfer of treasury stock for the purpose of the above-mentioned programs must therefore be repeated at subsequent AGMs.In accordance with the resolutions on transfer of in total not more than 1.4 million shares  no shares of series B in the Company have been transferred up to February 22  2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolve that the Company may  prior to the AGM in 2024  transfer no more than 1.4 million shares of series B in the Company  or the lower number of shares of series B  which as per March 29  2023 remains of the original 1.4 million shares for the purposes of covering certain payments  primarily social security payments that may occur in relation to the LTV 2019  and LTV 2020. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share.20.2 Authorization to decide on transfer of treasury stock on an exchange to cover costs for tax and social security liabilities for the ParticipantsThe AGMs in 2020 and in 2021 resolved to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in relation to the LTV 2019 and the LTV 2020 through transfer of no more than 4.1 million shares of series B in the Company to Participants and subsidiaries within the Ericsson Group.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorize the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested shares of series B in the Company in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the Participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities. Transfer of the shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share as disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm. These shares form a part of the final number of vested shares to the employees under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020 and do not incur additional costs to the LTV 2019 and LTV 2020 for the Company.Majority rulesThe resolutions of the AGM on transfer of treasury stock on an exchange according to each of items 20.1 and 20.2 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the proposals.Item 21 Resolution on proposal of new Guidelines for remuneration to Group managementGuidelines for Remuneration to Group ManagementThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM 2023 resolves on the following guidelines for remuneration to group management. In comparison with the guidelines decided by the AGM 2020  the guidelines have been updated in order to:Adapt the guidelines to ensure the Company's business strategies and ways of working can be supported through the lifecycle of the guidelines;Clarify the mandate for the Board of Directors and Remuneration Committee to define meaningful short-term variable compensation ('STV') targets linked to the business plan. This enables STV targets to be defined and weighed differently for different parts of the business given the phase in the business lifecycle they are in as required by the business strategy. Therefore  detailed requirements for mandatory weighting and definition of STV targets has been removed;Enable for the Board of Directors to potentially include STV in the remuneration package of the President and CEO. Any inclusion of STV for the future or current President and CEO will take into account the aggregated target opportunity of long-term variable compensation programs and STV; and Broaden the pension guidelines for Swedish members of the group management by removal of specific wordings related to the Swedish collective pension plan ITP1  to accommodate for potential future changes in collective pension plans and to allow for supplementary pension contributions or supplementary cash pension allowance  in excess of any caps of pension contributions allowed under collective pension plans.IntroductionThese Guidelines for Remuneration to Group Management (the 'Guidelines') apply to the Executive Team of Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (the 'Company' or 'Ericsson')  including the President and Chief Executive Officer (the 'President and CEO') ('Group Management'). These Guidelines apply to remuneration agreed and changes to previously agreed remuneration after the date of approval of the Guidelines and are intended to remain in place for four years until the Annual General Meeting of shareholders 2027. For employments outside of Sweden  due adaptations may be made to comply with mandatory local rules or established local practices. In such cases  the overall purpose of these Guidelines shall be accommodated to the largest extent possible. These Guidelines do not cover remuneration resolved by the general meeting of shareholders  such as long-term variable compensation programs ('LTV').ObjectiveThese Guidelines aim to ensure alignment with the current remuneration philosophy and practices applicable for the Company's employees based on the principles of competitiveness  fairness  transparency  and performance. In particular to:attract and retain highly competent  performing  and motivated people that have the ability  experience  and skill to deliver on the Ericsson strategy;encourage behavior consistent with Ericsson's culture and core values;ensure fairness in reward by delivering total remuneration that is appropriate but not excessive  and clearly explained;have a total compensation mix of fixed pay  variable pay and benefits that is competitive where Ericsson competes for talent; and encourage variable remuneration which aligns employees with clear and relevant targets  reinforces their performance and enables flexible remuneration costs for Ericsson.The Guidelines and the Company's strategy and sustainable long-term interestA successful implementation of the Company's strategy and sustainable long-term interests requires that the Company can attract  retain  and motivate the right talent and can offer competitive remuneration. These Guidelines aim to allow the Company to offer the members of the Group Management attractive and competitive total remuneration. Variable compensation covered by these guidelines shall be awarded against specific pre-defined and measurable business targets derived from the short and long-term business plan approved by the Board of Directors. Targets will include financial targets at Group  Business Area and/or Market Area level. In addition  strategic targets  operational targets  employee engagement targets  customer satisfaction targets  sustainability and corporate responsibility targets or other lead indicator targets will be applied as deemed appropriate by the Remuneration Committee.The Company operates long-term variable compensation programs for the Group Management as approved by the Annual General Meeting ('AGM'). Such decisions are not covered by these Guidelines. Details of Ericsson's current remuneration policy and how we deliver on our policy and guidelines and information on previously decided long-term variable compensation programs that have not yet become due for payment  including applicable performance criteria  can be found in the Remuneration Report and in Note G2  'Information regarding members of the Board of Directors  the Group management' and Note G3  'Share-based compensation' in the annual report.Governance of remuneration to Group ManagementThe Board has established a Remuneration Committee (the 'Committee') to handle compensation policies and principles and matters concerning remuneration to Group Management. The Board has authorized the Committee to determine and handle certain issues in specific areas. The Board may also on occasion provide extended authorization for the Committee to determine specific matters.The Committee is authorized to review and prepare for resolution by the Board salary and other remuneration for the President and CEO. Further  the Committee shall prepare for resolution by the Board proposals to the AGM on Guidelines for Remuneration to Group Management at least every fourth year and on Long-term Variable compensation programs and similar equity arrangements.The Committee has the mandate to resolve salary and other remuneration for the other members of Group Management except for the President and CEO  including targets for short-term variable compensation ('STV')  and payout of STV based on achievements and performance.To conduct its responsibilities  the Committee considers trends in remuneration  legislative changes  disclosure rules and the general global executive remuneration environment. Before preparing salary adjustment recommendations for the President and CEO for resolution by the Board and approving any salary adjustments for the other members of Group Management the Committee reviews salary survey data  Company results and individual performance. No employee is present at the Committee's meetings when issues relating to their own remuneration are being discussed. Similarly  the President and CEO is not present at Board meetings when issues relating to the President and CEO's own remuneration are being discussed. The Committee may appoint independent expert advisors to assist and advise in its work.The Chair of the Remuneration Committee along with the Chair of the Board work together with Ericsson's Investor Relations team  striving to ensure that healthy contact is maintained as necessary and appropriate with shareholders regarding remuneration to Group Management.Overview of remuneration package covered by these GuidelinesFor Group Management the remuneration package may consist of fixed salary  short-term and long-term variable compensation (STV and LTV)  pension and other benefits.Below are the key components of remuneration of Group Management covered by these Guidelines  including why they are used  their operation  opportunity levels and related performance measures. In addition  the AGM has resolved and may in the future decide to implement LTV for Group Management. The ongoing share-based LTV programs resolved by the AGM have been designed to provid,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Ericsson', 'A Long-Term Variable Compensation Program', 'three-year total shareholder return targets', 'Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs', 'three-year vesting period', 'two equal installments', 'Arne Beurlings Torg', 'one-year Group EBITA', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'Group Management', 'meeting venue', 'respective Committee', 'voting rights', 'other things', 'Jonas Synnergren', 'Christy Wyatt', 'new members', 'Jan Carlson', 'Executive Team', 'operating income', 'treasury stock', 'new Guidelines', 'Kistamässan', 'state name', 'participating assistants', 'corresponding document', 'other documents', 'special form', 'share issue', 'share register', 'Postal votes', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'The Board', 'legal entity', 'The AGM', 'dated power', 'new Chair', 'telephone number', '10 a', 'registration number', 'Board fees', 'item', 'Increase', 'work', 'Committees', 'Directors', 'SEK', 'Executives', 'Transfer', 'employees', 'exchange', 'authorization', 'acquisition', 'offer', 'relation', 'Resolution', 'Remuneration', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CEST', 'Kista/Stockholm', 'accordance', 'articles', 'association', 'Swedish', 'English', 'participation', 'person', 'proxy', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', 'Box', 'mail', 'website', 'birth', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'representative', 'certificate', 'authority', 'order', 'advance', 'Forms', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', '3', '4']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,menafn.com
18964,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-071100299.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Skanska AB (publ),"Reg. No 556000-4615 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting (the ""Meeting"") to be held on Wednesday March 29  2023 at 10.00 am CET at Sergel Hub  Sveavägen 10A  Stockholm ","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholders in Skanska AB (publ)  Reg. No 556000-4615 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting (the ""Meeting"") to be held on Wednesday March 29  2023 at 10.00 am CET at Sergel Hub  Sveavägen 10A  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration will begin at 9.00 am CET. Shareholders will also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the Meeting.The presentations by the Chairman of the Board of Directors (""Board"")  Hans Biörck  and the CEO  Anders Danielsson  will be available on the Company's website www.group.skanska.com/ under the heading ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting/AGM 2023"" after the Meeting.Right to participate and notice of participationShareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") concerning the circumstances on Tuesday March 21  2023.In addition  shareholders must notify of its intention to participate in the Meeting:A) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice of intent to participate to the Company no later than on Thursday March 23  2023  via Euroclear's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by writing to Skanska AB (publ)  ""Årsstämman""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE–101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 81 on weekdays between 9.00 am and 4.00 pm CET. When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and  if applicable  the number of attending counsels (no more than two).B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting by postal voting must give notice of intent to participate to the Company no later than on Thursday March 23  2023  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear no later than that day.Story continuesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting  in person  by proxy or by postal voting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the share register as of Tuesday March 21  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as required by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday March 23  2023  will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.For Skanska employees  who have invested in Skanska shares under the Skanska employee ownership programs Seop 1–6 (2008–2025) and who wish to participate in the Meeting and exercise the voting rights of their shares  the Company may assist with the registration of the shares in the employee's own name. Employees wishing the Company's assistance with such voting rights registration should inform the Company about this no later than on Wednesday March 8  2023  by telephone +46 (0)10 449 63 85 on weekdays between 9.00 am and 4.00 pm CET or by e-mail via arsstamma@skanska.se  stating full name  personal identification number  address and so-called global ID  received for the Skanska employee ownership programs. Such a request for voting-rights registration will be regarded as a notice to participate at the meeting venue in accordance with A) above. To participate by postal voting  Skanska employees must give notice of participation by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below.Postal votingA special form must be used for postal voting  which is available on the Company's website www.group.skanska.com/  under the heading ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting/AGM 2023"". In the case of postal voting only  no separate notification is required for the Meeting. The completed and signed postal voting form must be received by Euroclear no later than Thursday March 23  2023. Shareholders may sign the form electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. The completed form may also be sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or be posted to the address Skanska AB (publ)  ""Årsstämman""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may not assign specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. The postal voting form will be deemed to be invalid in its entirety in such case. Additional instructions and conditions are provided in the postal voting form.Shareholders wishing to attend the Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must notify their participation in accordance with the instructions under A) under the heading Right to participate and notice of participation above. This means that notification of participation by postal vote only is not sufficient for those who wish to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy.If a shareholder has voted by post and thereafter participates in the meeting venue in person or by proxy  the postal vote is still valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting procedure at the Meeting or otherwise withdraws the postal vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the Meeting  the vote cast will replace the previously submitted postal vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.Voting by proxyShareholders who are represented by a proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy signed by the shareholder. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a valid registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents must also be attached. The power of attorney with registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents (if applicable) should be sent to the address Skanska AB (publ)  ""Årsstämman""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  well in advance of the Meeting. If a postal vote takes place with the support of a power of attorney  the power of attorney with registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents (if applicable) must be attached to the postal voting form and should be sent in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting above.Proxy forms can be found on the Company's website www.group.skanska.com/ under the heading ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting/AGM 2023"". The power of attorney is valid for a maximum of one year from the date of issue  unless the power of attorney states a longer period of validity  however  for a maximum of five years from the time of issue.Proposed agendaOpening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman of the Meeting. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Report by the Chairman of the Board and by the CEO. Presentation of the annual report and auditors' report for 2022 and the consolidated accounts and the auditors' report on the consolidated accounts for 2022  as well as the auditor's statement regarding the application of guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives which have applied since the previous Annual General Meeting. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet. Resolution on the dispositions of the Company's results pursuant to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for dividend. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board and the CEO for the administration of the Company in 2022. Determination of the number of members of the Board to be elected by the Meeting and the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of the fees payable to members of the Board elected by the Meeting and to the auditor. Election of members of the Board and of the Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor. Presentation of the Board's remuneration report for 2022 for approval. Resolution on guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives. Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisition of own Class B shares to secure delivery of Class B shares to participants in the long-term employee ownership program for the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025 (Seop 6). Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisition of own Class B shares to give the Board increased freedom of action to be able to adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Closing of the Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2 - Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee  appointed in accordance with the instruction for the Nomination Committee resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2018  consists prior to the Meeting of the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Helena Stjernholm (AB Industrivärden)  Katarina Martinson (Lundberg Group)  Dick Bergqvist (AMF Tjänstepension & AMF Fonder)  Malin Björkmo (Handelsbanken Funds) and Hans Biörck (Chairman of the Board).The Nomination Committee proposes that attorney Patrik Marcelius is elected Chairman of the Meeting.Item 3 - Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear on behalf of the Company  based on the Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Item 10 - Dividend and record dateThe Board proposes a dividend for 2022 of SEK 7.50 per share. The Board proposes Friday March 31  2023  as the record date for receiving dividend. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear on Wednesday April 5  2023.Item 12 - Number of members of the Board to be elected by the Meeting and number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board elected by the Meeting shall be eight  and that one registered accounting firm be elected as auditor with no deputy auditors.Item 13 - Fees payable to members of the Board elected by the Meeting and to the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that fees to non-employee members of the Board elected by the Meeting and non-employee members of the committees of the Board elected by the Meeting be paid as follows until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024: SEK 2 325 000 to the Chairman of the Board (2022: SEK 2 250 000)  SEK 775 000 each to the other board members (2022: SEK 750 000)  SEK 280 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee (2022: SEK 270 000) and SEK 195 000 each to the other committee members (2022: SEK 190 000)  SEK 115 000 to the Chairman of the Compensation Committee (2022: SEK 115 000) and SEK 110 000 each to the other committee members (2022: SEK 110 000)  and SEK 225 000 to the Chairman of the Project Review Committee and to each of the other committee members (2022: SEK 220 000). This implies a proposed increase of the total remuneration of 3.0% (2022: 3.2%).The Nomination Committee also proposes  like previous years  that the auditor fees shall be paid against approved account.Item 14 - Election of members of the Board and of the Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024:Re-election of Hans Biörck  Pär Boman  Jan Gurander  Mats Hederos  Fredrik Lundberg  Catherine Marcus  Ann E. Massey and Åsa Söderström Winberg as members of the Board.Re-election of Hans Biörck as Chairman of the Board.The Nomination Committee's motivated statement and information about the proposed members of the Board are available on the Company's website www.group.skanska.com / under the heading ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting/AGM 2023"".Item 15 - Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB as the Company's external auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Item 17 - Guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executivesThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves on the following guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives of the Company. Senior executives include the CEO and other members of the Group Leadership Team. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Meeting. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided by the General Meeting  including any long-term share related incentive plans.The guidelines' promotion of the Company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityA prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability agenda  is that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the Company to offer the senior executives a competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability agenda. This is accomplished through the financial and non-financial targets that determines the outcome of the variable cash remuneration and are clearly linked to the Company's business strategy and sustainability agenda. The variable cash remuneration is further described in the section ""Variable cash remuneration"" below.The Company's objectives for having a variable cash remuneration program and a long-term share related incentive plan are to (i) drive behaviors that will support the Company's long and short-term business success and create shareholder value  (ii) make the Company attractive as an employer for top talents  (iii) retain key individuals within the Company  and (iv) increase employees' interest and involvement in the Company's business and development.For information regarding the Company's business strategy  see the Company's website: www.group.skanska.com/about-us/how-we-work/strategy/.Total remunerationThe combined remuneration for each senior executive shall be market-related and competitive in the labor market in which the senior executive is placed  and distinguished performance should be reflected in the total remuneration. The remuneration may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension and other benefits. Additionally  the General Meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. Fixed salary and variable remuneration shall be related to the senior executive's responsibility and authority.Variable cash remunerationThe satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration shall be capped and related to the fixed salary  and may amount to not more than 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.The variable cash remuneration shall take into account both financial and non-financial performance. The outcome in relation to predetermined and measurable financial targets shall determine the total (financial) bonus potential  i.e. the financial targets shall be the basis of the total bonus potential. This outcome may be reduced depending on the outcomes of the non-financial targets. The variable cash remuneration must be based on results in relation to established targets and be designed to increase the alignment between the shareholders and senior executives of the Company.The financial targets for the variable cash remuneration may be related to the Group's earnings before taxes  to relevant business unit's earnings before interest and taxes  etc.The non-financial targets shall be set to support the Company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability agenda  by for example being clearly linked to the Company's business strategy or sustainability agenda. The non-financial targets should together represent 50 percent of the total bonus which means that the total bonus outcome may be reduced with up to 50 percent if the non-financial targets are not met.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Board is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable cash remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other senior executives  the Compensation Committee is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the Company.The terms for variable cash remuneration shall be structured so that the Board  if exceptional economic conditions prevail  has the possibility to limit or refrain from paying variable remuneration  if such payment is considered unreasonable and incompatible with the Company's responsibility in general to the shareholders  employees and other stakeholders. There shall also be a possibility to limit or refrain from paying variable remuneration if the Board considers that this is appropriate for other reasons. Further  the Board shall have the possibility to reclaim paid out variable cash remuneration if it is discovered after the payment that the senior executive has violated Skanska's Code of Conduct or other Skanska values  policies  standards or procedures.Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and only made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining senior executives  or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration for the CEO shall be made by the Board based on a proposal from the Compensation Committee. Any resolution on such remuneration for other senior executives shall be made by the Compensation Committee based on a proposal from the CEO.PensionPension benefits shall be defined contribution schemes except where law or collective agreement require a defined benefit pension. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits  except when it follows under law or collective agreement. The pension premiums for defined-contribution pension shall amount to not more than 40 percent of the fixed annual cash salary unless a higher percentage results from the application of law or collective agreement.Other benefitsOther benefits may include  for example  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring)  health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring)  double accommodation  home travel  tax compensation  parking and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish rules  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Senior executives who are expatriates  i.e. based in another country than their home country  may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 50 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Long-term share saving programsLong-term share saving programs  Skanska Employee Ownership Programs (""Seop 5"" and ""Seop 6"") have been implemented in the Company. Such plans have been resolved by the General Meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. New plans may also be resolved by the General Meeting. Seop 5 and Seop 6 give present and future employees the opportunity of becoming shareholders of Skanska and include permanent employees in the Skanska Group. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the plans are clearly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the Company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability agenda. The performance criteria consist of financial targets at Group  Business Unit and/or Business Unit Cluster level and as of Seop 6  also a non-financial target at Group level  related to the Group's reduction of carbon emissions. At present  the financial target applicable at Group level is growth in earning per share (EPS). The financial targets applicable at Business Unit and/or Business Unit level vary depending on which business stream the relevant Business Unit or Business Unit Cluster belongs to  as set out in the table below.Construction Residential Development Commercial Development Investment Properties EBIT[1] EBIT1 EBIT1 EBIT1 - ROCE[2] Leasing SQM[3] -Seop 5 and Seop 6 are further conditional upon the participant's own investment and three-year holding and employment period. For more information on Seop 5 and Seop 6  including the criteria which the outcome depends on  please see the Company's website:www.group.skanska.com/corporate-governance/remuneration/incentive-programs/.Termination of employmentIn the event of employment termination by the Company  the normal period of notice is six months  combined with severance pay corresponding to a maximum of 18 months fixed cash salary  or  alternatively  a period of notice of maximum 12 months  combined with severance pay corresponding to a maximum of 12 months fixed cash salary. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and severance pay may not together exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed cash salary for two years. When termination is made by the senior executive  the notice period may not exceed 12 months  without any right to severance pay.Remuneration to board members in addition to board feesTo the extent that a non-employed board member elected by the General Meeting performs work for the Company  besides the board membership  consultant fee and other remuneration may be granted for such work. Decisions on consultant fees and other remuneration to non-employed board members elected by the General Meeting are made by the Compensation Committee.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board's proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Compensation Committee's and the Board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board has established a Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee's tasks include preparing the Board's decision to propose guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the General Meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting. The Compensation Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the senior executives  the application of the guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the Company. The members of the Compensation Committee are independent of the Company and its senior executives. The CEO and other members of the senior executives do not participate in the Board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability agenda  or to ensure the Company's financial viability. As set out above  the Compensation Committee's tasks include preparing the Board's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of significant changes compared to the previous guidelinesPension premiums have previously been restricted to 35 percent of the fixed annual cash salary for the CEO and to 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary together with up to 30 percent on variable cash remuneration for other senior executives. These guidelines have been changed to a single restriction of 40 percent of the fixed annual cash salary which applies to all senior executives in order to align the cap for pension premiums with prevailing Swedish market practice.The cap for other benefits has been increased from 15 percent to 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. This change has been made to ensure that any senior executives that require for example double accommodation and home travels can be granted such benefits within the limits of these guidelines.The only further changes are editorial changes primarily following from the implementation of Seop 6.The shareholders have not expressed any specific views on the guidelines adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2020.Item 18 - Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares to secure delivery of own Class B shares to participants in the long-term employee ownership program for the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025 (Seop 6)BackgroundThe Annual General Meeting 2022  resolved in accordance with the Board's proposal on a long-term employee ownership program for the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025  respectively (each an ""Annual Program"") for permanent employees in the Skanska Group (Skanska Employee Ownership Program  ""Seop 6""); that a maximum of 12 000 000 own Class B shares may be transferred free of charge to participants in Seop 6 at the time and on the other terms that participants in Seop 6 are entitled to acquire shares; that each Annual Program may comprise no more than 4 000 000 Class B shares; and that transfers may be made of Class B shares (i) which have previously been acquired to secure Skanska's obligations under earlier Skanska Employee Ownership Programs but which are no longer required for such purpose  (ii) which have been acquired in accordance with the authorization given by the Annual General Meeting 2022  and (iii) which are acquired under future authorizations to acquire Class B shares.Information on Seop 6  including the conditions which the outcome depends on  is available on the Company's website www.group.skanska.com/ under the heading ""Corporate Governance/Remuneration/Incentive programs"". Information on costs of the Skanska Employee Ownership Programs  etc. is available in note 37 in the annual and sustainability report for the financial year 2022.ProposalFor the purpose of securing deliveries of Class B shares to participants in Seop 6 on the terms and conditions adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2022  the Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares on the following terms and conditions.Acquisitions of Class B shares may only be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm. The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions  however at the latest until the Annual General Meeting 2024. No more than 3 500 000 Class B shares may be acquired to secure delivery of shares to participants in Seop 6. Acquisitions of Class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only be made at a price within the from time to time applicable range of prices (spread) on Nasdaq Stockholm  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The Board has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 19 – Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares to give the Board increased freedom of action to be able to adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder valueFor the purpose of giving the Board increased freedom of action to be able to adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  the Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares on the following terms and conditions.Acquisitions of Class B shares may only be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm. The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions  however at the latest until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Acquisitions may be made of such amount of Class B shares that the Company's holding of own shares after each acquisition amounts to a maximum of one-tenth of the total number of shares in the Company. Acquisitions of Class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only be made at a price within the from time to time applicable range of prices (spread) on Nasdaq Stockholm  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The Board has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolutions according to the Board's motions under item 18 and 19 on the agenda requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolutions.Complete proposals  etc.Complete proposals for resolutions on item 2–3  12–15 and 17–19 on the agenda are set forth above. The following documents will be available at the Company's offices  Warfvinges väg 25  SE-112 74 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the Company's website www.group.skanska.com/  under the heading ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting/AGM 2023""  as of Wednesday February 22  2023:the Nomination Committee's motivated statement including a description of the work of the Nomination Committee before the Meeting information on the proposed board members  andthe Board's statement according to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act (regarding item 18 and 19 on the agenda).The following documents will be available in accordance with the above  as of Wednesday March 8  2023:annual and sustainability report including auditor's report for the financial year 2022 and the Board's complete proposal on disposition of earnings (regarding item 10 on the agenda) and the Board's statement according to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act the Board's remuneration report for 2022 (regarding item 16 on the agenda)  andauditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the application of guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives.The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.Information at the MeetingIf requested by a shareholder and the Board deems that it can take place without causing significant damage to the Company  the Board and the CEO shall provide information at the Meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the Company's relation to other companies within the Group.Shares and votesAt the time of issuance of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 419 903 072 of which 19 653 244 are Class A shares (ten votes per share) and 400 249 828 are Class B shares (one vote per share). As per the same date  the Company's own shares amounted to 8 823 795 Class B shares  amounting to 8 823 795 votes in the Company. The Company may not vote for its own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on the Company's website www.group.skanska.com/ under the heading ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting/AGM 2023"".Stockholm  February 2023Skanska AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information please contact:Caroline Fellenius-Omnell  Executive Vice President  General Counsel  Skanska AB  tel +46 (0)10 449 29 23Antonia Junelind  Senior Vice President Investor Relations  Skanska AB  tel +46 (0)10 448 62 61Matti Kataja  Acting Head of Media Relations and Public Affairs  Skanska AB  tel +46 (0)10 449 67 98Direct line for media  tel +46 (0)10 448 88 99This and previous releases can also be found at www.skanska.com.About SkanskaSkanska Group uses knowledge & foresight to shape the way people live  work  and connect. Over 135 years in the making  we're one of the world's largest project development and construction companies  with 2022 revenue totaling SEK 162 billion. We operate across select markets in the Nordics  Europe and USA. Together with our customers and the collective expertise of our 28 000 teammates  we create innovative and sustainable solutions that support healthy living beyond our lifetime.[1] Earnings Before Interest and Taxes.[2] Return On Capital Employed.[3] Leasing Square Meters.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/95/3720412/1864745.pdf Press release 20230222 - Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Skanska AB (publ)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-of-skanska-ab-publ-301752752.htmlSOURCE Skanska",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.15,0.33,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Skanska AB', 'Notice', 'Skanska employee ownership programs', 'Sveavägen 10A', 'Hans Biörck', 'personal identification number', 'Voting rights registrations', 'corporate registration number', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting"", 'postal voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Skanska AB', 'special form', 'completed form', 'skanska.se', 'voting-rights registration', 'postal vote', 'Sergel Hub', 'Anders Danielsson', 'share register', 'Årsstämman', 'attending counsels', 'Such re-registration', 'global ID', 'separate notification', 'Skanska employees', 'telephone number', 'Wednesday March 29', 'Skanska shares', 'state name', 'full name', 'specific instructions', 'Additional instructions', 'meeting venue', 'Thursday March', 'Feb.', 'Reg.', 'Company', 'notice', 'CET', 'Stockholm', 'opportunity', 'presentations', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'website', 'heading', 'AGM', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'proxy', 'vpc', 'publ', 'Box', 'weekdays', 'address', 'accordance', 'Story', 'order', 'nominee', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'assistance', 'mail', 'arsstamma', 'case', 'BankID', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'conditions', 'entirety', '10.00', '8', '9.00', '4.00']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,yahoo.com
18965,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Wells Fargo plans financial planning upgrade to its mobile app #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0V0WVFHwzm #regtech,nan,Wells Fargo plans financial planning upgrade to its mobile app #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0V0WVFHwzm #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['financial planning upgrade', 'Wells Fargo', 'mobile app', 'Fintech', 'financial planning upgrade', 'Wells Fargo', 'mobile app', 'Fintech']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
18966,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Mousacisse1 How is that possible? When they pay don’t they have to pay via euroclear and euroclear is holding the… https://t.co/U7QYM47S3C,nan,@Mousacisse1 How is that possible? When they pay don’t they have to pay via euroclear and euroclear is holding the… https://t.co/U7QYM47S3C,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Mousacisse1', 'euroclear', 'U7QYM47S3C', 'Mousacisse1', 'euroclear', 'U7QYM47S3C']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
18967,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,National Australia Bank builds its own fintechs #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BV1abMYlfa #regtech,nan,National Australia Bank builds its own fintechs #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BV1abMYlfa #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['National Australia Bank', 'fintechs', 'BV1abMYlfa', 'regtech', 'National Australia Bank', 'fintechs', 'BV1abMYlfa', 'regtech']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
18968,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fintech backed by Citi  BofA takes on 'antiquated' syndicated loan trading #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1pLuoTjfUn #regtech,nan,Fintech backed by Citi  BofA takes on 'antiquated' syndicated loan trading #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1pLuoTjfUn #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""antiquated' syndicated loan trading"", 'Citi', 'BofA', 'Fintech', ""antiquated' syndicated loan trading"", 'Citi', 'BofA', 'Fintech']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
18969,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mineral-hill-industries-ltd-announces-113000343.html,MINERAL HILL INDUSTRIES LTD. ANNOUNCES THE RESULTS OF THE SPECIAL MEETING,"Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""MHI"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN""  and on OTC Market under the trading Symbol ""MHIFF"" ","VANCOUVER  BC  Feb. 22  2023 /CNW/ - Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""MHI"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN""  and on OTC Market under the trading Symbol ""MHIFF""  wishes to announce that its Special Meeting was held on February 21  2023 according to the Notice of Meeting given on January 17  2023.Disinterested shareholders resolved  that subject to the acceptance by the TSX Venture Exchange  the Shareholders of the Company approve the Call-Option transaction between Merfin Management Limited and Echos Holding AG and the transfer of up to 11 000 000 common shares of the Company from Merfin Management Limited to Echos Holding AG and its affiliates resulting in a change in control (the ""Call Option"").If exercised  the Call Option will result in a creation of a new control person of the Company. The Call Option is subject to the acceptance by the TSX Venture Exchange.THE COMPANY SEEKS SAFE HARBORNeither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.SOURCE Mineral Hill Industries Ltd.CisionView original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2023/22/c6007.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['MINERAL HILL INDUSTRIES LTD', 'SPECIAL MEETING', 'THE', 'RESULTS', 'SOURCE Mineral Hill Industries Ltd', 'up to 11,000,000 common shares', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'Merfin Management Limited', 'Echos Holding AG', 'Regulation Services Provider', 'new control person', 'The Call Option', 'THE COMPANY SEEKS', 'trading Symbol', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'OTC Market', 'Call-Option transaction', 'SAFE HARBOR', 'original content', 'Special Meeting', 'Disinterested shareholders', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'Feb.', 'MHI', 'Frankfurt', 'MLN', 'February', 'Notice', 'January', 'acceptance', 'transfer', 'affiliates', 'creation', 'term', 'policies', 'responsibility', 'adequacy', 'accuracy', 'release', 'Cision', 'newswire', 'archive']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18970,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/euronext-submits-preliminary-offer-buy-151145300.html,Euronext offers 5.5 billion euros in cash  shares to buy Allfunds,LONDON (Reuters) -Exchange operator Euronext has submitted an indicative offer in a combination of shares and cash to buy fund distribution firm Allfunds for 5.5 billion euros  according to a statement published on Wednesday.,FILE PHOTO: Skyscraper office properties in the La Defense business district in ParisBy Andres GonzalezLONDON (Reuters) -Exchange operator Euronext has submitted a preliminary offer to buy fund distribution firm Allfunds for 5.5 billion euros ($5.85 billion) in a deal that would help the Paris Stock Exchange operator advance diversification.Euronext said on Wednesday it was discussing with Allfunds' largest shareholders about a takeover  and Allfunds' board was considering the offer.Euronext  which also controls the Amsterdam stock exchange  is offering 8.75 euros per share  consisting of 5.69 euros per share in cash plus 0.04059 new shares.Although the offer values Madrid-based Allfunds above Tuesday's market cap of 4.6 billion euros  it is still below the 7.2 billion euros the distribution firm reached in its Amsterdam listing in 2021.Exchanges have been seeking to diversify their businesses away from trading of securities to bolster income and reduce their exposure to swings in asset prices.Over the past few years  Euronext has been involved in a series of acquisitions  including the integration of the Milan bourse  which the company bought in a 4.4 billion euro deal in 2021.Its bigger competitor  the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG)  bought financial data provider Refinitiv for $27 billion. Thomson Reuters  which owns Reuters News  has a minority shareholding in LSEG.Jefferies analysts said in a report published after the announcement that Deutsche Boerse could also emerge as a bidder  given its greater flexibility on calibrating a cash and share-based offer.Hellman & Friedman is Allfunds' largest shareholder  with a 34.3% stake  while BNP Paribas controls 12.1% of the group. Credit Suisse sold an 8.6% stake in Allfunds in October last year.In the first six months of 2022  Allfunds increased its adjusted EBITDA by 4% year-on-year to 188 million euros.Allfunds shares soared as much as 29% to 9.445 euros following the news  hitting their highest level since May and were last up 17.25% at 8.6 euros. Euronext shares fell 7.44%.Story continuesAllfunds' assets under administration decreased 8.6% year on year in the third quarter of 2022 to 1.29 trillion euros as a result of continued new client migrations offsetting outflows from existing clients.Euronext said there was no certainty that it would make a binding offer.The offer was first reported by Bloomberg.($1 = 0.9405 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones  Andres Gonzalez  Danilo Masoni; editing by Elisa Martinuzzi  Kirsten Donovan and Josie Kao),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.22,0.02,True,English,"['5.5 billion euros', 'Euronext', 'cash', 'shares', 'Allfunds', 'La Defense business district', 'Paris Stock Exchange operator', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Amsterdam stock exchange', 'Skyscraper office properties', 'financial data provider', 'first six months', 'new client migrations', 'fund distribution firm', ""Allfunds' largest shareholders"", '4.4 billion euro deal', '0.04059 new shares', 'Amsterdam listing', 'Andres Gonzalez', 'market cap', 'asset prices', 'Milan bourse', 'bigger competitor', 'minority shareholding', 'Jefferies analysts', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'greater flexibility', 'BNP Paribas', 'Credit Suisse', 'highest level', 'third quarter', 'existing clients', 'Huw Jones', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Elisa Martinuzzi', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Josie Kao', ""Allfunds' board"", 'Madrid-based Allfunds', 'Allfunds shares', ""Allfunds' assets"", '5.5 billion euros', '4.6 billion euros', '7.2 billion euros', 'Thomson Reuters', 'preliminary offer', 'share-based offer', '188 million euros', '1.29 trillion euros', 'binding offer', 'Reuters News', 'Euronext shares', '8.75 euros', '5.69 euros', '9.445 euros', '8.6 euros', '0.9405 euros', 'PHOTO', 'diversification', 'Wednesday', 'takeover', 'cash', 'Tuesday', 'Exchanges', 'businesses', 'trading', 'securities', 'income', 'exposure', 'swings', 'past', 'years', 'series', 'acquisitions', 'integration', 'company', 'LSEG', 'Refinitiv', 'report', 'announcement', 'bidder', 'Hellman', 'Friedman', '34.3% stake', '8.6% stake', 'October', 'EBITDA', 'May', 'Story', 'administration', 'result', 'outflows', 'certainty', 'Bloomberg']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,uk.news.yahoo.com
18971,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@ToffCap1 Maybe Deutsche Boerse steps in? Aligns nicely for them given they already have a fund biz.,nan,@ToffCap1 Maybe Deutsche Boerse steps in? Aligns nicely for them given they already have a fund biz.,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'fund biz', 'Aligns', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'fund biz', 'Aligns']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
18972,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/hS88ypbawd,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/hS88ypbawd,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
18973,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/CxboBmGTGW,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/CxboBmGTGW,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
18974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-management-increases-ownership-195000296.html,VEON Management increases ownership,VEON Management increases ownership Amsterdam  21 February 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides ...,VEON Ltd.VEON Management increases ownershipAmsterdam  21 February 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces the completion of a further management share transfer as part of the Group’s incentive program announced in February 2022.Further to our press release on 28 February 2022  today we can confirm the completion of a further share transfer to Group Executive Committee (“GEC”) member  Group Chief Internal Audit & Compliance Officer  Joop Brakenhoff. A total of 104 047 shares vested as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan. Of those  52 543 shares were transferred to Mr. Brakenhoff  with the remaining 51 504 withheld to cover local withholding tax. This award follows the completion of share transfers to the Group CEO and Group CFO announced on 11 July 2022 and the completion of share transfers to GEC members announced on 18 July 2022.As previously communicated  GEC members will over time accrue and then maintain a minimum level of VEON shares. This will be equivalent to 6.0x the annual base salary for the Group CEO and 2.0x annual base salary for other GEC members. Following this transaction  the total number of American Depositary Shares held by Joop Brakenhoff is 145 115 and the number of common shares held by Joop Brakenhoff is nil.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance  strategic and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Story continuesAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.28,0.48,True,English,"['VEON Management', 'ownership', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Chief Internal Audit', '2.0x annual base salary', 'global digital operator', 'local withholding tax', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Group Executive Committee', 'Deferred Share Plan', 'American Depositary Shares', 'management share transfer', 'other GEC members', 'Group CEO', 'Group CFO', 'other things', 'share transfers', 'management plans', 'GEC”) member', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'incentive program', 'Compliance Officer', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'Mr. Brakenhoff', 'minimum level', 'historical facts', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Nik Kershaw', 'VEON Management', 'common shares', 'VEON Ltd', 'press release', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'VEON shares', 'total number', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '104,047 shares', '52,543 shares', 'statements', 'ownership', 'NASDAQ', 'completion', 'part', 'February', 'award', '11 July', '18 July', 'time', 'transaction', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'strategic', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
18975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2612743/0/en/MDxHealth-Shareholder-Transparency-Declaration.html,MDxHealth Shareholder Transparency Declaration,NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 21  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CET       IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – 21 February 2023 – MDxHealth SA......,"English FrenchNEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 21  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – 21 February 2023 – MDxHealth SA (Nasdaq and Euronext Brussels: MDXH) (the ""Company"" or ""mdxhealth"")  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  announces today in accordance with Article 14 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of important participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that it received the following notification.The Company was notified that the number of shares with respect to which Bleichroeder LP can exercise voting rights crossed below the threshold of 15% of the outstanding shares and voting rights of mdxhealth on 03 February 2023. Notably  it follows from the notification that an aggregate of 38 783 335 shares of mdxhealth  representing 14.75% of the 262 880 936 outstanding shares and voting rights of mdxhealth  is held through the following entities: 21 April Fund LP (8 024 518 shares)  21 April Fund LTD (20 342 162 shares)  Hill Family Alternative Investments LLC (10 000 000 shares)  and White Clover SA (416 670 shares) (the ""Funds""). The notification also stated that the voting rights attached to the shares are exercised on behalf of the Funds by the investment adviser Bleichroeder LP  a Delaware limited partnership  at its discretion  in the absence of specific instructions  that Bleichroeder Holdings LLC  a Delaware limited liability company  is the general partner of Bleichroeder LP  that  as the general partner  Bleichroeder Holdings LLC holds control over voting rights of Bleichroeder LP  and that Bleichroeder Holdings LLC is not a controlled entity.For further information  reference is made to the information published on mdxhealth's website (http://www.mdxhealth.com/investors/shareholder-information).Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights attached to the securities held by such persons in the Company reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.About mdxhealth®mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comNOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['MDxHealth Shareholder Transparency Declaration', 'Hill Family Alternative Investments LLC', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Delaware limited liability company', 'Delaware limited partnership', '21 April Fund LTD', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'Bleichroeder Holdings LLC', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'other urologic diseases', 'U.S. headquarters', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'White Clover SA', '21 April Fund LP', 'additional laboratory operations', 'actionable molecular information', 'Belgian Act', 'Bleichroeder LP', 'European headquarters', 'English French', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'important participations', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'voting rights', 'investment adviser', 'specific instructions', 'general partner', 'controlled entity', 'Markets Authority', 'The Company', 'The Netherlands', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'other trademarks', 'service marks', 'respective owners', 'MDxHealth SA', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following entities', 'legal persons', 'total number', 'patient diagnosis', 'Resolve mdx', 'Monitor mdx', 'outstanding shares', 'mdxhealth logo', '38,783,335 shares', '024,518 shares', '0,000,000 shares', '416,670 shares', 'mdxhealth®', 'FEBRUARY', '30 CET', 'IRVINE', 'CA', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'Nasdaq', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'threshold', 'aggregate', 'Funds', 'behalf', 'discretion', 'absence', 'reference', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholder-information', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'percentage', 'securities', 'treatment', 'tests', 'epigenetic', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'NOTE', 'Confirm', 'GPS', 'registered', 'property', 'Attachment', '4:30', '22']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611719/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2483 £ 24.0138 Estimated MTD return -0.06 % 0.01 % Estimated YTD return -1.88 % -1.69 % Estimated ITD return 172.48 % 140.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.53 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.88 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.0785 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.1782The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '800 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611718/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2483 £ 24.0138 Estimated MTD return -0.06 % 0.01 % Estimated YTD return -1.88 % -1.69 % Estimated ITD return 172.48 % 140.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.53 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.88 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.0785 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.1782The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '800 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Partners-with-GlobalLogic-to-Open-a-Software-Facility-in-Poland-43040725/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Stellantis Partners with GlobalLogic to Open a Software Facility in Poland,(marketscreener.com) GlobalLogic Team Extends its Support of Stellantis by Creating a Dedicated Labhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Partners-with-GlobalLogic-to-Open-a-Software-Facility-in-Poland-43040725/?…,GlobalLogic Team Extends its Support of Stellantis by Creating a Dedicated LabGlobalLogic Inc.  a Hitachi Group Company and Digital Engineering Leader  today confirmed it is establishing a new automotive-centric software facility in Poland as part of its continued efforts to enable car manufacturers worldwide to develop software-defined vehicles (SDVs). The initiative was prompted by its ongoing collaboration with Stellantis as the global automaker and mobility provider advances its platform for SDVs. The companies’ new partnership phase enables Stellantis to maximize its ability to evolve and deliver customizable open automotive platforms.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005102/en/(Photo: Business Wire)According to a recent report from Goldman Sachs  “We are entering a new era where SDVs (software-centric automotive development) will determine who has the competitive edge in the auto industry.” Next generation vehicles rely on software to decrease hardware dependencies in ways that better the whole consumer experience  from driving to maintenance.Stellantis  a leading global automaker and mobility provider  is deploying next-generation technology platforms that build on existing connected vehicle capabilities to transform how customers interact with their vehicles. This transformation will move Stellantis’ vehicles to an open software-defined platform that seamlessly integrates with customers’ digital lives and greatly expands the options customers have to add innovative features and services via regular over-the-air (OTA) updates keeping vehicles fresh  exciting  and updated years after they have been built.“As newer digital technologies become available  the infrastructure around and inside our cars should adapt to meet driver expectations ” said Tara Vatcher  Senior Vice President  Software Architecture and Development  Stellantis. “Therefore  it’s important to us that we work with an engineering partner that is dialed in to the cutting edge of what’s possible with automotive solutions. GlobalLogic’s commitment to our success through the establishment of this new facility proves we’re making the right choice in extending our partnership.”GlobalLogic provides Stellantis with key talent expertise in software  verification and validation platforms  DevOps  and over-the-air integration supporting several Stellantis application platforms. The systems developed throughout this partnership continue to accelerate base software platform development for Stellantis vehicles worldwide.“GlobalLogic has a deep history of collaborating with global automotive manufacturers. We’re putting that knowledge to work as we  along with Stellantis will reimagine the driving experience using digital solutions. This partnership represents our continued focus on driving the industry towards powerful software-defined vehicle experiences ” stated Ramki Krishna  Senior Vice President & General Manager  Automotive & Industrial Business  GlobalLogic.GlobalLogic’s Automotive BusinessThe automotive industry faces the challenge of rapidly and affordably integrating new digital technologies into vehicles to transform the consumer experience in a safe and secure environment. GlobalLogic’s team of skilled Automotive Consultants have a rich working history with vehicle manufacturers and their ecosystem for creating unparalleled in-vehicle electronics solutions  advanced driver assistance systems  automated driving systems  cockpit electronics  modern cloud platforms  and much more. Learn how we can help shift your automotive technology into the fast lane.About GlobalLogicGlobalLogic (www.globallogic.com) is a leader in digital engineering. We help brands across the globe design and build innovative products  platforms  and digital experiences for the modern world. By integrating experience design  complex engineering  and data expertise – we help our clients imagine what’s possible and accelerate their transition into tomorrow’s digital businesses. Headquartered in Silicon Valley  GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world  extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive  communications  financial services  healthcare and life sciences  manufacturing  media and entertainment  semiconductor  and technology industries. GlobalLogic is a Hitachi Group Company operating under Hitachi  Ltd. (TSE: 6501)  which contributes to a sustainable society with a higher quality of life by driving innovation through data and technology as the Social Innovation Business.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2Move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.GlobalLogic is a trademark of GlobalLogic. All other brands  products or service names are or may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005102/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Stellantis Partners', 'Software Facility', 'GlobalLogic', 'Poland', 'existing connected vehicle capabilities', 'advanced driver assistance systems', 'powerful software-defined vehicle experiences', 'customizable open automotive platforms', 'several Stellantis application platforms', 'new automotive-centric software facility', 'base software platform development', 'open software-defined platform', 'Senior Vice President', 'rich working history', 'newer digital technologies', 'Hitachi Group Company', 'key talent expertise', 'modern cloud platforms', 'skilled Automotive Consultants', 'new digital technologies', 'automated driving systems', 'software-centric automotive development', 'next-generation technology platforms', 'Next generation vehicles', 'leading global automaker', 'vehicle electronics solutions', 'global automotive manufacturers', 'new partnership phase', 'Social Innovation Business', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Digital Engineering Leader', 'new facility', 'vehicle manufacturers', 'digital experiences', 'driver expectations', 'validation platforms', 'new era', 'software-defined vehicles', 'digital solutions', 'automotive solutions', 'Automotive Business', 'deep history', 'driving experience', 'leading automakers', 'Citroën', 'Software Architecture', 'digital lives', 'digital businesses', 'car manufacturers', 'deep expertise', 'automotive technology', 'Business Wire', 'Industrial Business', 'engineering partner', 'complex engineering', 'engineering centers', 'Dedicated Lab', 'continued efforts', 'ongoing collaboration', 'mobility provider', 'press release', 'full release', 'recent report', 'Goldman Sachs', 'competitive edge', 'hardware dependencies', 'consumer experience', 'innovative features', 'OTA) updates', 'Tara Vatcher', 'cutting edge', 'right choice', 'continued focus', 'Ramki Krishna', 'General Manager', 'secure environment', 'fast lane', 'innovative products', 'experience design', 'Silicon Valley', 'design studios', 'technology industries', 'sustainable society', 'higher quality', 'Euronext Paris', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'automotive industry', 'data expertise', 'modern world', 'auto industry', 'life sciences', 'iconic brands', 'financial services', 'Stellantis’ vehicles', 'Stellantis vehicles', 'GlobalLogic Inc.', 'GlobalLogic Team', 'Support', 'Poland', 'SDVs', 'initiative', 'companies', 'ability', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Photo', 'ways', 'maintenance', 'customers', 'transformation', 'options', 'regular', 'air', 'infrastructure', 'cars', 'commitment', 'success', 'establishment', 'verification', 'DevOps', 'integration', 'knowledge', 'The', 'challenge', 'safe', 'ecosystem', 'unparalleled', 'globe', 'clients', 'transition', 'tomorrow', 'communications', 'healthcare', 'manufacturing', 'entertainment', 'semiconductor', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2Move', 'Leasys', 'diversity']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/attractions-industry-expert-tim-samson-joins-catalate-301749974.html,Attractions Industry Expert  Tim Samson  Joins Catalate,Catalate's team of park and attractions experts continues to grow. PALO ALTO  Calif.  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Catalate is excited to welcome Tim Samson as Director of Sales  North America. Tim has 25 years of experience in the parks and attractions indu…,"Catalate's team of park and attractions experts continues to grow.PALO ALTO  Calif.  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Catalate is excited to welcome Tim Samson as Director of Sales  North America. Tim has 25 years of experience in the parks and attractions industry  most notably at Morey's Piers  a classic seaside amusement park in Wildwood  NJ. He brings varied experience across marketing  sales  operations  and analytics  all focused on ensuring highly effective park operations and business growth.Catalate's team of resort  park  and attraction industry experts continues to grow. Tweet this Catalate takes the hard work out of selling tickets & passes online.While at Morey's Piers  Tim was instrumental in establishing a partnership with Catalate in implementing Catalate's Dynamic Pricing with Cloud Store e-commerce to increase online revenue and improve operations by incentivizing advanced ticket sales. In their third year of partnership with Catalate  Morey's Piers continues to benefit from predictable online sales growth  world-class customer support  and improved operational efficiency. As a former park operator and Catalate partner  Tim is uniquely suited to educate resorts and attractions considering a new e-commerce and pricing strategy about the benefits of Catalate's platform.Tim is excited to put his expertise to use  helping businesses improve guest experience  streamline operations  and maximize average ticket rates. As Tim puts it  ""I've seen the positive impact that Catalate has. I understand park operators' unique challenges as I've experienced them firsthand; from technology and logistical hurdles to accounting  staffing  and guest service concerns.""Tim is also a member of IAAPA's Marketing and Communications Sub-committee  where he provides meaningful insight into the overarching Park & Attractions Industry. You'll be able to hear from Tim directly through Catalate's IAAPA Education Webinar on Wednesday  Apr 26  2023  at 1:00 PM EDT. Register today to learn how to address your business's greatest challenges and ensure superior guest experiences.Tim is joining a phenomenal team  which includes ski resort  waterpark  and attraction experts; Lauren Gusanders in the USA  Tony André who directs sales across EMEA  and Andreas Föger in the DACH region.For parks and attractions looking to gain Tim's valuable insight  you can book his time here .About CatalateCatalate  a Canopy Holdings AS (Canopy Holdings  Euronext Growth Oslo:CAN) company  is a global pricing and e-commerce company empowering ski resorts  parks  and attractions to increase online revenue. As the only purpose-built ticketing platform for the industry  Catalate has developed successful strategies for hundreds of partners across $1 billion in online sales.Media Contact: Katie Bottrell  [email protected]SOURCE Catalate Commerce",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.07,0.47,True,English,"['Attractions Industry Expert', 'Tim Samson', 'Catalate', 'classic seaside amusement park', ""park operators' unique challenges"", 'predictable online sales growth', 'world-class customer support', 'average ticket rates', 'Andreas Föger', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'guest service concerns', 'superior guest experiences', 'former park operator', 'Cloud Store e-commerce', 'advanced ticket sales', 'IAAPA Education Webinar', 'Canopy Holdings AS', 'built ticketing platform', 'SOURCE Catalate Commerce', 'effective park operations', 'attraction industry experts', 'greatest challenges', 'attraction experts', 'overarching Park', 'business growth', 'online revenue', 'new e-commerce', 'PALO ALTO', 'North America', 'hard work', 'Dynamic Pricing', 'third year', 'operational efficiency', 'pricing strategy', 'positive impact', 'logistical hurdles', 'Communications Sub-committee', 'meaningful insight', 'Lauren Gusanders', 'Tony André', 'DACH region', 'valuable insight', 'global pricing', 'successful strategies', 'Media Contact', 'Katie Bottrell', 'attractions experts', 'e-commerce company', 'varied experience', 'attractions industry', 'ski resort', 'Catalate partner', 'Tim Samson', 'resorts', 'team', 'Calif.', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Director', '25 years', 'parks', 'Morey', 'Piers', 'Wildwood', 'NJ.', 'marketing', 'analytics', 'highly', 'tickets', 'passes', 'partnership', 'benefits', 'expertise', 'businesses', 'technology', 'accounting', 'staffing', 'member', 'Wednesday', 'Apr', 'waterpark', 'EMEA', 'time', 'purpose', 'hundreds', '1:00']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.com
18980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEWLETT-PACKARD-ENTERPRIS-24843838/news/OL-Groupe-Selects-HPE-GreenLake-to-Support-Its-Energy-Efficiency-Plan-and-Improve-the-Visitor-and-Fa-43038692/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,OL Groupe Selects HPE GreenLake to Support Its Energy Efficiency Plan and Improve the Visitor and Fan Experience,(marketscreener.com) HPE and CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY provide Olympique Lyonnais soccer club's holding company with a next-generation IT environment to support the development of its new entertainment offerings HPE's solution cuts the energy footprint of OL Grou…,"HPE and CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY provide Olympique Lyonnais soccer club's holding company with a next-generation IT environment to support the development of its new entertainment offeringsHewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) today announced that OL Groupe has selected the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform to modernize its entire on-premises infrastructure. The HPE solution enables OL Groupe to increase its agility to deploy IT resources  reduce its environmental footprint and accelerate the development of its new entertainment offerings to its millions of fans worldwide.The OL Group owns the Olympique Lyonnais professional soccer club and operates its own stadium  the Groupama Stadium  located in Décines-Charpieu  365 days a year. The group operates in many domains such as soccer and other major sports events and entertainment. The group needed to evolve its technology environment and meet the very strong requirements of these activities in terms of availability  agility  security  resilience  and profitability.A flexible architecture to meet the group's new offersAs part of the renewal of its equipment  OL Groupe called on HPE and its partner CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY to provide integration and managed services  as well as to design and deploy a modern and resilient on-premises technology platform  distributed over two data centers hosted within the Groupama Stadium  in order to respond to the rapid development of new services  while allowing better cost management.This new platform  delivered on a pay-per-use basis with HPE GreenLake and managed from a single cloud interface  leverages HPE Alletra cloud-native data infrastructure and HPE ProLiant high-performance general-purpose servers.The main missions of this new software-defined platform are to:Ensure business continuity 365 days a year  24 hours a day   via a rapid disaster recovery solution running on two separate data centers and capable of providing greater resiliency  including HPE data protection solutions and HPE StoreOnce backup appliances that support all stadium data streams.  via a rapid disaster recovery solution running on two separate data centers and capable of providing greater resiliency  including HPE data protection solutions and HPE StoreOnce backup appliances that support all stadium data streams. Improve visitor safety in the stadium   with expanded computing and storage capabilities for better management of video surveillance devices and higher image definition.  with expanded computing and storage capabilities for better management of video surveillance devices and higher image definition. Improve performance   to support the development of OL Groupe activities and the multiplication of public events  concerts  sports and esports competitions  especially during the operation phase of the future LDLC Arena  owned by OL Group  by the end of 2023.  to support the development of OL Groupe activities and the multiplication of public events  concerts  sports and esports competitions  especially during the operation phase of the future LDLC Arena  owned by OL Group  by the end of 2023. Control its environmental impact by using an efficient and flexible on-premises technology platform to avoid over-provisioning while cutting energy costs in half.Addressing environmental issues through technologyAs the first French League 1 soccer club to be awarded a label certifying its action for the preservation of the environment1  Olympique Lyonnais reaffirms its commitment to the environmental cause by choosing the HPE GreenLake solution. This solution has enabled OL Groupe to reduce the energy cost of its IT structure by nearly 50% and is helping it to achieve its bold objective of reducing its energy footprint by 20% each year.Specifically  the new HPE infrastructure and services delivered by CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY have enabled the group to increase its computing capacity fourfold and improve its storage  all while reducing the demand on resources to power and cool it and ensuring that additional capacity is always available.""The continuation of our collaboration with HPE allows us to fully enter the concrete phase of our energy efficiency plan  with the objective of reducing our energy consumption by 20% while guaranteeing the continuation of our sports and entertainment activities "" said Emmanuelle Sarrabay  Deputy Director General for Finance and Information Systems and Corporate Legal Affairs. ""The challenge is to deliver the best service and an optimized fan experience and we have full confidence in HPE's teams to help us achieve our goals with their expertise.”""We are very proud of the choice made by Olympique Lyonnais to modernize its technology environment and commit to the environment with HPE technologies "" said Alain Melon  general manager of Hewlett Packard Enterprise in France. “Our HPE GreenLake platform provides Olympique Lyonnais with a scalable and flexible infrastructure capable of meeting the group's future technology needs to continue to deliver an exceptional experience to its fans and visitors.""CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY  a long-time Platinum Partner of HPE and Olympique Lyonnais  brought its expertise and experience to enable a seamless installation of the infrastructure and continues its collaboration with future projects  such as the LDCL Arena  a 16 000-seat event venue owned by OL Groupe that will open in the last quarter of 2023.“We are delighted to continue the adventure with Olympique Lyonnais alongside HPE ” said Claude FOURNIER  Regional Director of CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY. “In 2015  when we implemented the previous infrastructure  the qualities sought were mainly performance  resilience and security. During this renewal  we added a strong criterion on the environmental impact. The gains obtained are in line with the objectives of our service centers which continue to ensure the daily remote operation of this new architecture.”Additional Resources:To learn more about HPE GreenLake  visit hpe.com/greenlake.To learn more about OL Groupe  visit ol.fr.Pour en savoir plus sur CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY  visit cheops.fr.About HPE GreenLakeThe HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform enables customers to accelerate data-first modernization and provides cloud services that can run on-premises  at the edge  in a colocation facility  and in the public cloud. In its final fiscal quarter of 2022  HPE reported Annualized Revenue Run-Rate (ARR) of $936 million with total as-a-service orders growth of 33% compared to the prior-year period. HPE GreenLake has 65 000 customers  powers more than two million connected devices and manages more than one exabyte of data under management with customers worldwide. These organizations benefit from one control plane from which to automate  orchestrate  and run their hybrid cloud strategy. The scalable  pay-as-you go HPE GreenLake platform also delivers robust security  compliance  and control  and supports a broad partner ecosystem – including channel partners  distributors  independent software vendors  public cloud providers  service providers  and system integrators. For more information on HPE GreenLake  please visit: https://www.hpe.com/us/en/greenlake.htmlAbout Olympique Lyonnais GroupeOrganized around Olympique Lyonnais  a soccer club founded in 1950 and chaired by Jean-Michel Aulas since 1987  OL Groupe is a leading player in the entertainment and sports sector in France  listed since 2007 (Euronext Paris). Olympique Lyonnais has won 53 titles  including 32 with the women's team (15 French championships  9 French cups and 8 UEFA Women's Champions League) and 21 (including a record 7 consecutive L1 titles) with the men's team  which participated in its 24ème European cups this season. This approach to parity is also reflected in the creation of its mixed Academy  whose U19 team won the Gambardella Cup 2022.Since the inauguration of its new stadium in January 2016  Olympique Lyonnais  like the biggest European clubs  has had a 100% private  ultra-modern and multifunctional stadium  open 365 days a year  which is part of a global strategy  offering entertainment activities in the sports  artistic  cultural and corporate fields. In addition to the stadium  a project to build a new 16 000-seat arena on the OL Vallée site  which will host concerts and sports activities  is currently underway for delivery in late 2023.About Hewlett Packard EnterpriseHewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) is the global company behind the world's leading edge-to-coud platform as a service  which helps organizations accelerate business by harnessing the value of all their data  wherever it resides. Building on decades of rethinking the future and innovating to advance the way we live and work  HPE delivers unique  open  and intelligent technology-as-a-service solutions spanning compute  storage  software  intelligent edge  high-performance computing  and mission-critical solutions. With a consistent experience across all cloud and edge environments  HPE solutions and services enable customers to develop new business models and modes of engagement and improve operational performance. For more information  visit www.hpe.comAbout CHEOPS TECHNOLOGYCHEOPS TECHNOLOGY is a specialist in secure IT infrastructures and is one of the leaders in Cloud Computing in France. Organized in 4 Divisions  Cloud & Managed Services  Infrastructure  Network-Security & Unified Communications  Technological Modernization  CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY has obtained the highest expertise labels delivered by the major players of the IT market. With its 600 employees and its 13 agencies in France  CHEOPS TECHNOLOGY ensures the performance and availability of your information system and guarantees a real proximity relationship.1 According to a study published by the English association Sport Positive  https://www.sportpositiveleagues.com/ligue-1-2022-francais/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005172/en/",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.78,0.14,0.08,True,English,"['Energy Efficiency Plan', 'OL Groupe', 'HPE GreenLake', 'Fan Experience', 'Visitor', 'first French League 1 soccer club', 'HPE ProLiant high-performance general-purpose servers', 'Olympique Lyonnais professional soccer club', 'HPE Alletra cloud-native data infrastructure', 'two separate data centers', 'HPE StoreOnce backup appliances', 'Olympique Lyonnais soccer club', 'HPE data protection solutions', 'rapid disaster recovery solution', 'other major sports events', 'two data centers', 'video surveillance devices', 'higher image definition', 'Corporate Legal Affairs', 'stadium data streams', 'future LDLC Arena', 'single cloud interface', 'Deputy Director General', 'optimized fan experience', 'new software-defined platform', 'new HPE infrastructure', 'energy efficiency plan', 'HPE GreenLake solution', 'HPE GreenLake platform', 'new entertainment offerings', 'next-generation IT environment', 'premises technology platform', 'OL Groupe activities', 'The OL Group', 'premises infrastructure', 'HPE solution', 'new platform', 'cloud platform', 'flexible infrastructure', 'public events', 'HPE technologies', 'new offers', 'rapid development', 'entertainment activities', 'general manager', 'exceptional experience', 'future technology', 'IT structure', 'new services', 'energy costs', 'energy footprint', 'energy consumption', 'holding company', 'Packard Enterprise', 'environmental footprint', 'Groupama Stadium', 'Décines-Charpieu', 'many domains', 'strong requirements', 'use basis', 'main missions', 'business continuity', 'greater resiliency', 'visitor safety', 'esports competitions', 'operation phase', 'environmental impact', 'environmental issues', 'environmental cause', 'additional capacity', 'concrete phase', 'Emmanuelle Sarrabay', 'Information Systems', 'best service', 'full confidence', 'Alain Melon', 'IT resources', 'flexible architecture', 'managed services', 'storage capabilities', 'technology environment', 'bold objective', 'cost management', 'computing capacity', 'NYSE', 'entire', 'agility', 'millions', 'fans', 'terms', 'availability', 'security', 'resilience', 'profitability', 'part', 'renewal', 'equipment', 'integration', 'modern', 'resilient', 'order', 'multiplication', 'concerts', 'end', 'efficient', 'provisioning', 'half', 'label', 'action', 'preservation', 'commitment', 'demand', 'continuation', 'collaboration', 'Finance', 'challenge', 'teams', 'goals', 'expertise', 'choice', 'France', 'scalable', 'visitors']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-receives-EUR-1-million-from-Pregene-in-accordance-with-terminated-license-agreement-and-exp-43037308/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,BioSenic receives EUR 1 million from Pregene in accordance with terminated license agreement and expect new negotiations on common revisited grounds,(marketscreener.com) Following the regaining of ALLOB global rights  BioSenic has received a final payment from Pregene linked to a previously achieved development milestone which has a significant impact on the financial fundamentals of BioSenic BioSenic con…,Following the regaining of ALLOB global rights  BioSenic has received a final payment from Pregene linked to a previously achieved development milestone which has a significant impact on the financial fundamentals of BioSenicBioSenic continues to conduct preliminary discussions with Pregene  Link Health and other potential partners to move forward with the development and commercialization of ALLOB in other geographies  including the USMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  February 21  2023  7am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune / inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces it has received EUR 1 million (minus 6% taxes) from Pregene.On 5 October 2020  BioSenic  Pregene and Link Health Pharma Co.  Ltd (“Link Health”) signed an exclusive license agreement for the manufacturing  clinical development and commercialization of ALLOB in China (including Hong Kong and Macau)  Taiwan  Singapore  South Korea  and Thailand).Following new legislation and regulatory internal rules Pregene informed BioSenic that they had to terminate their agreement  A statement from Pregene read: “Our termination was necessitated by regulatory reasons. Due to the introduction of new laws and regulations  projects involving foreign human cells and related clinical trials will be prohibited in mainland China.”As such  Pregene’s participation in all activities ceased and all data and information related to ALLOB were transferred back to BioSenic.As per the terminated license agreement  Pregene owed BioSenic a payment further to the achievement of development milestone. BioSenic has now received a payment of EUR 1 million (minus 6% taxes) from Pregene after achieving this milestone a few months ago and as a final payment for any remaining amount due.ALLOB is being developed to improve the efficacy and safety of bone cell therapy  through the use of partially differentiated bone-forming cells derived from bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells of healthy adult donors. ALLOB is currently in Phase IIb trials for the treatment of patients with high-risk tibial fractures.Although Chinese regulatory changes have halted establishment of ALLOB in the Chinese market  BioSenic has started preliminary discussions with Pregene  Link Health and other potential partners to move forward with the development and commercialization of ALLOB in other geographies  including the US. This expansion to other markets will enable the global potential of ALLOB to be realized  giving patients with bone disorders  worldwide access to life-changing bone cell therapy.About BioSenicBioSenic is a biotech company focused on (i) the development of innovative products to address high unmet needs in orthopedics and (ii) exploiting the possibilities offered by the therapeutic use of arsenic salts (mainly arsenic trioxide (ATO)) for patients with autoimmune diseases. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process  and have already revealed their potential in a successful preliminary Phase 1/2a  following a single injection of ALLOB cells on the site of delayed-union fractures of long bones  including about one third of tibial fractures. Following a further CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['common revisited grounds', 'license agreement', 'new negotiations', 'BioSenic', 'EUR', 'Pregene', 'accordance', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'successful preliminary Phase 1/2a', 'life-changing bone cell therapy', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'Link Health Pharma Co.', 'Phase IIb trials', 'gene therapy platform', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'related clinical trials', 'high unmet needs', 'Key target indications', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'double basic effect', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'foreign human cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'clinical stage company', 'regulatory internal rules', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'tissue repair protection', 'optimized production process', 'differentiated bone-forming cells', 'healthy adult donors', 'Chinese regulatory changes', 'single local injection', 'other potential partners', 'exclusive license agreement', 'ALLOB global rights', 'cell repair', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'bone disorders', 'innovative products', 'arsenic salts', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'allogeneic cell', 'bone regeneration', 'healthy donors', 'single injection', 'global potential', 'preliminary discussions', 'delayed-union fractures', 'clinical development', 'regulatory reasons', 'Chinese market', 'biotech company', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'regulatory authorities', 'other geographies', 'other markets', 'organ repair', 'significant impact', 'financial fundamentals', 'Euronext Brussels', 'serious autoimmune', 'inflammatory diseases', 'Hong Kong', 'South Korea', 'new legislation', 'new laws', 'remaining amount', 'worldwide access', 'autoimmune diseases', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'strong IP', 'new arsenal', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'long bones', 'one third', 'CTA approval', 'patient recruitment', 'ALLOB cells', 'final payment', 'mainland China', 'Further information', 'therapeutic use', 'development milestone', 'regaining', 'Pregene', 'commercialization', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'February', '7am', 'Paris', '6% taxes', '5 October', 'Macau', 'Taiwan', 'Singapore', 'Thailand', 'statement', 'termination', 'introduction', 'regulations', 'projects', 'participation', 'activities', 'data', 'achievement', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'treatment', 'patients', 'establishment', 'expansion', 'orthopedics', 'possibilities', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'strengths', 'Medsenic', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'hospitals', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611714/0/en/BioSenic-receives-EUR-1-million-from-Pregene-in-accordance-with-terminated-license-agreement-and-expect-new-negotiations-on-common-revisited-grounds.html,BioSenic receives EUR 1 million from Pregene in accordance with terminated license agreement and expect new negotiations on common revisited grounds,Following the regaining of ALLOB global rights  BioSenic has received a final payment from Pregene linked to a previously achieved development milestone which has a significant impact on the financial fundamentals of BioSenic,English FrenchFollowing the regaining of ALLOB global rights  BioSenic has received a final payment from Pregene linked to a previously achieved development milestone which has a significant impact on the financial fundamentals of BioSenicBioSenic continues to conduct preliminary discussions with Pregene  Link Health and other potential partners to move forward with the development and commercialization of ALLOB in other geographies  including the USMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  February 21  2023  7am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune / inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces it has received EUR 1 million (minus 6% taxes) from Pregene.On 5 October 2020  BioSenic  Pregene and Link Health Pharma Co.  Ltd (“Link Health”) signed an exclusive license agreement for the manufacturing  clinical development and commercialization of ALLOB in China (including Hong Kong and Macau)  Taiwan  Singapore  South Korea  and Thailand).Following new legislation and regulatory internal rules Pregene informed BioSenic that they had to terminate their agreement  A statement from Pregene read: “Our termination was necessitated by regulatory reasons. Due to the introduction of new laws and regulations  projects involving foreign human cells and related clinical trials will be prohibited in mainland China.”As such  Pregene’s participation in all activities ceased and all data and information related to ALLOB were transferred back to BioSenic.As per the terminated license agreement  Pregene owed BioSenic a payment further to the achievement of development milestone. BioSenic has now received a payment of EUR 1 million (minus 6% taxes) from Pregene after achieving this milestone a few months ago and as a final payment for any remaining amount due.ALLOB is being developed to improve the efficacy and safety of bone cell therapy  through the use of partially differentiated bone-forming cells derived from bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells of healthy adult donors. ALLOB is currently in Phase IIb trials for the treatment of patients with high-risk tibial fractures.Although Chinese regulatory changes have halted establishment of ALLOB in the Chinese market  BioSenic has started preliminary discussions with Pregene  Link Health and other potential partners to move forward with the development and commercialization of ALLOB in other geographies  including the US. This expansion to other markets will enable the global potential of ALLOB to be realized  giving patients with bone disorders  worldwide access to life-changing bone cell therapy.About BioSenicBioSenic is a biotech company focused on (i) the development of innovative products to address high unmet needs in orthopedics and (ii) exploiting the possibilities offered by the therapeutic use of arsenic salts (mainly arsenic trioxide (ATO)) for patients with autoimmune diseases. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process  and have already revealed their potential in a successful preliminary Phase 1/2a  following a single injection of ALLOB cells on the site of delayed-union fractures of long bones  including about one third of tibial fractures. Following a further CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['common revisited grounds', 'license agreement', 'new negotiations', 'BioSenic', 'EUR', 'Pregene', 'accordance', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'serious autoimmune / inflammatory diseases', 'bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'successful preliminary Phase 1/2a', 'life-changing bone cell therapy', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'Link Health Pharma Co.', 'Phase IIb trials', 'gene therapy platform', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'related clinical trials', 'high unmet needs', 'Key target indications', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'double basic ef', 'foreign human cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'clinical stage company', 'regulatory internal rules', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'tissue repair protection', 'differentiated bone-forming cells', 'optimized production process', 'healthy adult donors', 'Chinese regulatory changes', 'single local injection', 'other potential partners', 'exclusive license agreement', 'autoimmune diseases', 'ALLOB global rights', 'cell repair', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'bone disorders', 'innovative products', 'arsenic salts', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'allogeneic cell', 'bone regeneration', 'healthy donors', 'single injection', 'global potential', 'preliminary discussions', 'delayed-union fractures', 'clinical development', 'regulatory reasons', 'Chinese market', 'biotech company', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'regulatory authorities', 'other geographies', 'other markets', 'organ repair', 'English French', 'significant impact', 'financial fundamentals', '7am CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Hong Kong', 'South Korea', 'new legislation', 'new laws', 'remaining amount', 'worldwide access', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'strong IP', 'new arsenal', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'long bones', 'one third', 'CTA approval', 'patient recruitment', 'ALLOB cells', 'final payment', 'mainland China', 'Further information', 'therapeutic use', 'development milestone', 'regaining', 'Pregene', 'commercialization', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'February', 'Paris', '6% taxes', '5 October', 'Macau', 'Taiwan', 'Singapore', 'Thailand', 'statement', 'termination', 'introduction', 'regulations', 'projects', 'participation', 'activities', 'data', 'achievement', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'treatment', 'patients', 'establishment', 'expansion', 'orthopedics', 'possibilities', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'strengths', 'Medsenic', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'hospitals', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/music-licensing-inc-otc-song-seeks-to-reapply-to-otcqb-and-apply-to-international-stock-exchanges-301750195.html,Music Licensing  Inc. (OTC: SONG) Seeks to Reapply to OTCQB and Apply to International Stock Exchanges,NAPLES  Fla.  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Music Licensing  Inc. (OTC: SONG)  a leading provider of music licensing  Artificial Intelligence (A.I.)  & copyright solutions  is pleased to announce its plans to reapply to OTCQB and apply to other international …,"NAPLES  Fla.  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Music Licensing  Inc. (OTC: SONG)  a leading provider of music licensing  Artificial Intelligence (A.I.)  & copyright solutions  is pleased to announce its plans to reapply to OTCQB and apply to other international stock exchanges around the world.The company has been working diligently to meet the listing requirements of OTCQB and other international stock exchanges. This move will enable Music Licensing  Inc. to expand its reach and offer its shareholders greater exposure to global markets.Music Licensing  Inc. CEO  Jake P. Noch  said  ""We are excited about our plans to reapply to OTCQB and apply to other international stock exchanges around the world. This will allow us to reach a broader audience and enhance the value proposition we offer to our shareholders. We are confident that this move will lead to increased visibility  liquidity  and a stronger shareholder base.""The company is actively pursuing listings on the Nigerian Stock Exchange  Nasdaq Stockholm  The Jamaican Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam  The Australian Stock Exchange  the London AIM Stock Exchange  the TSX Venture Exchange in Canada  and A2X in South Africa. These listings will enable Music Licensing  Inc. to tap into new markets  expand its reach  and offer its shareholders greater opportunities for growth.Music Licensing  Inc. is committed to enhancing shareholder value and will continue to pursue growth opportunities. The company has a solid track record of providing innovative solutions to the music licensing industry  and its expansion into new markets is a testament to its commitment to excellence.About Pro Music Rights  Inc. ( ProMusicRights.com )Pro Music Rights is the 5th public performance rights organization (PRO) to be formed in the United States. Its licensees include notable companies such as TikTok  iHeart Media  Triller  Napster  7Digital  Vevo  and many others. Pro Music Rights holds an estimated market share of 7.4% in the United States  representing over 2 500 000 works that feature notable artists such as A$AP Rocky  Wiz Khalifa  Pharrell  Young Jeezy  Juelz Santana  Lil Yachty  MoneyBaggYo  Larry June  Trae Pound  Sause Walka  Trae Tha Truth  Sosamann  Soulja Boy  Lex Luger  Lud Foe  SlowBucks  Gunplay  OG Maco  Rich The Kid  Fat Trel  Young Scooter  Nipsey Hussle  Famous Dex  Boosie Badazz  Shy Glizzy  2 Chainz  Migos  Gucci Mane  Young Dolph  Trinidad James  Fall Out Boy  and countless others  as well as Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) Created Music.This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. Investors are cautioned that  all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  including without limitation  the ability of Music Licensing  Inc. & Pro Music Rights  Inc. to accomplish its stated plan of business. Music Licensing  Inc. & Pro Music Rights  Inc. believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable  any of the assumptions could be inaccurate  and therefore  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein  the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Pro Music Rights  Inc.  Music Licensing  Inc.  or any other person.SOURCE Music Licensing  Inc.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['International Stock Exchanges', 'Music Licensing', 'SONG', 'OTCQB', '5th public performance rights organization', 'other international stock exchanges', 'London AIM Stock Exchange', 'The Jamaican Stock Exchange', 'The Australian Stock Exchange', 'Nigerian Stock Exchange', 'Rich The Kid', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'Jake P. Noch', 'solid track record', 'stronger shareholder base', 'Trae Tha Truth', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'Pro Music Rights', 'A$AP Rocky', 'music licensing industry', 'SOURCE Music Licensing', 'other person', 'Securities Act', 'shareholder value', 'Trae Pound', 'A.I.', 'leading provider', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'copyright solutions', 'listing requirements', 'greater exposure', 'global markets', 'broader audience', 'value proposition', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'South Africa', 'new markets', 'greater opportunities', 'innovative solutions', 'United States', 'notable companies', 'iHeart Media', 'many others', 'market share', 'notable artists', 'Wiz Khalifa', 'Young Jeezy', 'Juelz Santana', 'Lil Yachty', 'Larry June', 'Sause Walka', 'Lex Luger', 'Lud Foe', 'OG Maco', 'Fat Trel', 'Young Scooter', 'Nipsey Hussle', 'Famous Dex', 'Boosie Badazz', 'Shy Glizzy', 'Gucci Mane', 'Young Dolph', 'Trinidad James', 'countless others', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'safe harbors', 'stated plan', 'growth opportunities', 'Soulja Boy', 'significant uncertainties', 'NAPLES', 'Fla.', 'Feb.', 'OTC', 'SONG', 'plans', 'world', 'company', 'move', 'reach', 'shareholders', 'increased', 'visibility', 'liquidity', 'listings', 'Canada', 'A2X', 'expansion', 'testament', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'ProMusicRights', 'licensees', 'TikTok', 'Triller', 'Napster', '7Digital', 'Vevo', '2,500,000 works', 'Pharrell', 'MoneyBaggYo', 'Sosamann', 'SlowBucks', 'Gunplay', '2 Chainz', 'Migos', 'meaning', 'Section', 'Investors', 'risks', 'limitation', 'ability', 'business', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'light', 'inclusion', 'information', 'representation']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.com
18984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611716/0/en/2022-annual-results-Edenred-s-results-break-new-records-driven-by-top-line-growth-of-25-in-2022.html,2022 annual results: Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022,2022 annual results  Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 Further acceleration of growth in 2022 ...,"English French2022 annual resultsEdenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022Further acceleration of growth in 2022  notably in the fourth quarter  fueled by the Group’s business and innovation momentumFurther penetration in markets still largely underpenetrated across the three business lines  notably in the SME segmentIncreased use of Edenred solutions to improve employees’ purchasing power  be it Ticket Restaurant ® or Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) Highly attractive Beyond Fuel offering  illustrated by the success of the fully digital maintenance and toll solutions Total revenue of over €2 billion  up 24.8% as reported and up 21.2% like-for-like versus 2021 Operating revenue up 19.2% like-for-like  including 22.3% growth in the fourth quarteror Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) Other revenue up twofold to €87 million  driven by strong business volume growth and higher interest rates Record financial performance in line with top line growthEBITDA of €836 million  up 24.9% as reported and up 23.3% like-for-likeEBITDA margin of 41.2%  up 0.7 percentage points like-for-like Net profit  Group share of €386 million  up 23.3%Free cash flow of €881 million  while accelerating technology investmentsNet debt/EBITDA ratio at 0.4x Proposed dividend of €1.00 per share1  up 11% Extra-financial performance living up to the Group’s ESG commitmentsEdenred included in the Euronext CAC 40 ESG index 2022 extra-financial targets exceededIndustry-leading ESG ratings Edenred is ideally positioned to continue generating profitable growth in 2023 and beyondDeployment of the Beyond 22-25 plan to further penetrate existing markets and accelerate the implementation of the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies  scaling the Edenred platform to aggregate  orchestrate and distribute more solutionsplan to further penetrate existing markets and accelerate the implementation of the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies  scaling the Edenred platform to aggregate  orchestrate and distribute more solutions Further investments to strengthen Edenred’s technology leadership and provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutionsEdenred confirms its Beyond 22-25 targets for 2023: Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12% Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70% 2targets for 2023:***Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “Business volume of €38 billion pushed our revenue up 25%  past the €2 billion mark. In line with this strong top line growth  our results once again broke new records this year. I would like to congratulate Edenred’s 10 000 employees for their unwavering commitment. They can be happy with this good performance  and proud of the progress we have made toward our extra-financial goals. As the world leader in earmarked funds solutions  Edenred is reaping the rewards of the sustained investments we’ve been making in technology to innovate and disrupt our markets. Our strong business momentum  combined with our relevant  user-friendly solutions  continues to drive new client wins.Edenred provides concrete solutions in a multitude of areas  including changing work practices  reduced purchasing power  employee engagement  fleet electrification and corporate payment efficiency and security. Our new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan is based on organically developing our portfolio of solutions  forming new partnerships and leveraging our ability to seize future external growth opportunities. We’re uniquely positioned to keep penetrating our markets while scaling our platform advantage by aggregating  orchestrating and distributing a growing number of solutions. That’s why we are fully confident in our prospects of generating sustainable and profitable growth in 2023 and beyond.”2022 ANNUAL RESULTSThe consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022 were reviewed by the Board of Directors on February 20  20233.2022 key financial metrics:(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Operating revenue 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2% Other revenue 87 44 +96.1% +95.5% Total revenue 2 031 1 627 +24.8% +21.2% EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3% EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1% Net profit  Group share 386 313 +23.3%Total revenue: €2 031 millionTotal revenue for 2022 amounted to €2 031 million  up 24.8% as reported compared with 2021. This year-on-year increase includes a favorable 3.6% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  total revenue was up 21.2%.In the fourth quarter  total revenue climbed 29.6% as reported and 26.3% like-for-like  marking a further acceleration compared with the first nine months of the year. Currency and scope effects were positive in the quarter  respectively adding 2.5% and 0.8% to total revenue.Operating revenue: €1 944 millionOperating revenue increased by 22.8% as reported to €1 944 million in 2022. This rise takes into account a favorable 3.7% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  operating revenue grew by 19.2% versus 2021.Fourth-quarter operating revenue totaled €569 million  up 25.8% as reported and up 22.3% like-for-like. These figures mark a further acceleration in business  reflecting Edenred’s ability to scale its platform advantage to step up market penetration and win new clients  particularly in the SME segment. Growth was notably driven by a solid performance from end-of-year gift card campaigns despite a high basis of comparison  and by the continued success of Beyond Fuel solutions.Operating revenue by business line(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 1 152 961 +19.9% +17.8% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 539 414 +30.2% +23.5% Complementary Solutions 253 208 +21.6% +16.9% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 349 279 +25.4% +23.1% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 144 114 +26.2% +22.4% Complementary Solutions 77 61 +26.5% +18.1% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3%The Employee Benefits business line generated €1 152 million in operating revenue in 2022  representing an increase of 19.9% as reported (+17.8% like-for-like) and accounting for 59% of Group operating revenue.This strong growth reflects the good business momentum and the continued success of the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering among both large corporate accounts and SMEs  a segment that remains largely untapped with a penetration rate three to five times lower on average than that of large corporates. It also reflects the impact of companies’ starting to use the higher maximum face values set by law  enabling them to protect their employees’ purchasing power.In addition to meal vouchers  Edenred also benefited from the draw of its Beyond Food solutions. These solutions are particularly suited to companies seeking to boost employee engagement  especially amid today’s reduced purchasing power and war for talent. In September 2022 in France  for example  Edenred partnered with Betterway  a pioneer in corporate sustainable mobility  in order to harness the potential offered by this market. This strategic partnership  consolidated in late 2022 by Edenred’s contributions to the company’s capital increase  will enable the two partners to jointly offer the Mobility Pass  a solution that covers all employer subsidies for employee commutes (sustainable mobility  public transportation and fuel allowances).In the fourth quarter  operating revenue for Employee Benefits amounted to €349 million  up 25.4% as reported (+23.1% like-for-like) compared with the same period in 2021. This performance mainly reflects an excellent end-of-year gift card campaign despite a high basis of comparison  along with the enhanced attractiveness of Edenred’s solutions in the current macroeconomic context.In the Fleet & Mobility Solutions business line  which accounted for 28% of the Group’s business  operating revenue came to €539 million in 2022  up 30.2% as reported over the period (+23.5% like-for-like).This performance reflects the success of the Beyond Fuel strategy in both Europe and Latin America  notably driven by the attractiveness of maintenance and toll solutions. In February 2022 as part of this strategy  Edenred acquired Greenpass  an issuer of electronic toll solutions in Brazil  with the aim of accelerating its development in a fast-growing market with significant cross-selling potential. The business line also benefited from strong commercial momentum in the underpenetrated SME segment  reporting a 21% increase in the number of new contracts signed over the year  driven by the relevance of the Group’s digital  multi-product offering.During the year Edenred also expanded its solutions for fleet managers  joining forces with ChargePoint  a leading electric vehicle charging network provider in Europe and the United States. Thanks to this partnership  UTA Edenred can support fleet managers in the transition to electric vehicle usage by giving them access to over 400 000 public electric charge points across 33 European countries through an all-in-one solution.In the fourth quarter  Fleet & Mobility Solutions operating revenue came to €144 million  up 26.2% as reported (+22.4% like-for-like) compared with 2021.Complementary Solutions  which includes Corporate Payment Services  Incentive & Rewards and Public Social Programs  generated operating revenue of €253 million in 2022  representing 13% of the Group total. This business line grew by 21.6% year-on-year as reported (+16.9% like-for-like).This performance reflects good commercial dynamism in Corporate Payment Services in North America operated through Edenred CSI  spurred by new contract wins in segments into which the company has recently expanded  such as property management. In addition  Edenred CSI rounded out its corporate payment offering in the United States in October 2022 with the acquisition of IPS  a leader in invoice automation.Complementary Solutions’ performance also reflects the continued success of the Group’s innovative programs  such as Benefit Xpress in Taiwan and the new value-added services accessible via the C3Pay mobile app in the United Arab Emirates.In the fourth quarter  Complementary Solutions delivered operating revenue of €77 million  a rise of 26.5% as reported (+18.1% like-for-like) versus 2021 despite a high basis of comparison.Operating revenue by region(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 1 189 1 010 +17.7% +17.7% Latin America 603 452 +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the World 152 121 +25.2% +32.7% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 355 294 +20.7% +21.1% Latin America 172 128 +34.3% +20.5% Rest of the World 42 31 +38.1% +40.5% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3%In Europe   operating revenue amounted to €1 189 million in 2022  an increase of 17.7% both as reported and like-for-like. Europe represented 61% of Group operating revenue. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue was up 20.7% as reported and 21.1% like-for-like.In France  operating revenue amounted to €315 million in 2022  an increase of 10.2% as reported and like-for-like  including growth of 9.8% in the fourth quarter. Fourth-quarter growth was driven by an acceleration in Employee Benefits solutions  as the digital Ticket Restaurant® benefit continued to attract many clients among large corporate accounts and SMEs. Performance was also fueled by the success of Beyond Food solutions and particularly the employee engagement platform ProwebCE  the leading solution for works councils in France  with 13 000 clients and nearly 7 million employees able to access deals from 2 000 partners. This strong momentum was further enhanced by the acquisition of Enjoy Mon CSE in September 2022.Operating revenue in Europe excluding France totaled €874 million in 2022  up 20.7% as reported and like-for-like. Fourth-quarter operating revenue for the region rose by 25.3% as reported (+25.7% like-for-like)  lifted in particular by a very good performance in Employee Benefits. This is the result of the strong traction enjoyed by the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering. It also reflects the enhanced attractiveness of Beyond Food solutions  illustrated by the success of the multi-benefit  single-card offering developed in several countries (including Belgium  Portugal and Finland) and the end-of-year gift card campaign.The region’s performance also reflects robust growth in Edenred’s Fleet & Mobility Solutions thanks to the continued deployment of its Beyond Fuel strategy  as well as its agility in adapting to the changing needs of its clients  as illustrated by the new partnership with Chargepoint in April 2022.Operating revenue amounted to €603 million in Latin America in 2022  up 33.6% as reported (+18.7% like-for-like). The region accounted for 31% of consolidated operating revenue in 2022. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue increased by 34.3% as reported (+20.5% like-for-like).In Brazil  operating revenue rose by 16.7% like-for-like in 2022 versus 2021. Fourth-quarter operating revenue climbed 16.5% like-for-like. This robust growth reflects a very good performance in Employee Benefits spurred by the success of the Ticket Superflex multi-benefit offering and the growing contribution of the Itaú partnership in the SME segment. Performance was also driven by Fleet & Mobility Solutions  thanks to strong business momentum in the SME segment and the ongoing success of the Beyond Fuel strategy  with maintenance and toll solutions continuing to prove extremely popular with fleet managers.In Hispanic Latin America  operating revenue climbed 23.0% like-for-like in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue advanced 29.0% like-for-like  reflecting both accelerating growth in Employee Benefits solutions and another good performance from Fleet & Mobility Solutions.In the Rest of the World   operating revenue amounted to €152 million  up 25.2% as reported and up 32.7% like-for-like over the period. This very good performance was notably driven by robust business momentum for Edenred CSI’s Corporate Payment Services  illustrated by the 38% year-on-year increase in virtual cards issued in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue rose by 38.1% as reported (+40.5% like-for-like).Other revenue: €87 millionOther revenue represented €87 million in 2022  a rise of 96.1% as reported (+95.5% like-for-like). In the fourth quarter  other revenue totaled €33 million  up 172.0% as reported (+174.9% like-for-like). This significant increase reflects the impact of business growth on the float4  as well as favorable changes in interest rates in all regions where the Group operates  with a gradual acceleration quarter after quarter. This results from the steady rise in interest rates observed for several quarters now in Latin America and Europe (outside the euro zone)  and from the more recent increase in the euro zone.Record EBITDA: €836 millionEBITDA came in at an all-time high of €836 million in 2022  [at the top end of the range announced in October 20225]  delivering record growth of 24.9% as reported and of 23.3% like-for-like.The EBITDA margin was 0.7 percentage point higher like-for-like  at 41.2%. Edenred kept a tight rein on operating expenses while accelerating spending on innovation and technology to fuel its future growth  illustrating its operating leverage. Edenred also benefited from the contribution of other revenue.Net profit: €386 millionNet profit  Group share came in at €386 million  up 23.3% in line with the growth in EBITDA.Net profit takes into account other income and expenses for a net expense of €30 million (versus a net expense of €33 million in 2021)  a net financial expense of €54 million (versus €19 million in 2021)6  a net income tax expense of €188 million (versus €151 million in 2021)  and €(31) million attributable to non-controlling interests (versus €(30) million in 2021).Strong cash flow generationEdenred leveraged its strongly cash generative business model to deliver record-high funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) of €673 million in 2022  up 21% as reported.In 2022  Edenred continued to invest in its platform to fuel the Group’s sustainable and profitable growth and lengthen its technology lead. Capital expenditure in 2022 amounted to €151 million  or 7.4% of Group total revenue  in line with the 7%-8% expected under the Beyond 22-25 plan.In all  free cash flow was a record €881 million in 2022  lifted by the increase in the float – notably due to the good fourth-quarter performance – and by the positive impact of regulatory changes affecting the Ticket City product in Germany  for which the related cash was considered as restricted until January 1  2022. Excluding the one-off impact of this change in regulations  free cash flow would have amounted to €711 million for 2022  compared with €518 million for 2021  with a free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate of 85% versus 77% in the previous year.Even stronger financial positionAt December 31  2022  Edenred had net debt of €307 million  versus €816 million at December 31  2021. This sharp year-on-year decrease in net debt notably reflects free cash flow generation of €881 million over 2022  €240 million returned to shareholders  and a €43 million negative impact from currency effects and non-recurring items.The Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio therefore stood at 0.4x in 2022  versus 1.2x in 2021.Edenred enjoys a robust financial position with a high level of liquidity and a solid balance sheet. In April 2022  Standard & Poor’s affirmed the Group’s BBB+ Strong Investment Grade rating and upgraded its outlook from stable to positive.The cost of the Group’s debt was 2.2% in 2022 versus 0.7% in the prior year  a rise of 1.5 percentage points notably due to higher interest rates in the euro zone.Commitment to ESG and extra-financial performanceThroughout 2022  Edenred continued to implement its corporate social responsibility policy  “Ideal”  which is aimed at improving quality of life (People)  protecting the environment (Planet) and creating value ethically and responsibly (Progress). The Group exceeded its extra-financial objectives for 2022. Under the People component  for example  33% of executive positions are now held by women (2 points above target). Regarding its Planet goals  greenhouse gas emissions intensity has been reduced by 51% since 2013 (compared with the 36% target). Lastly  regarding the Progress pillar  58% of users and merchants have now been made aware of balanced nutrition and food waste (against a target of 52%).Moreover  the Group is increasingly recognized for its commitment to environmental  social and governance (ESG) practices. In September 2022  for example  Edenred joined the Paris stock exchange’s Euronext CAC 40 ESG index  taking its place alongside other companies demonstrating ESG best practices.Over the long term  Edenred confirms that it will step up its ESG commitments  as announced at its Capital Markets Day in October 2022. At this event  the Group placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  committing to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets7 and stepping up the objectives of its “Ideal” CSR policy  with the aim of cementing its status as an employer of choice and a trustworthy Tech for Good company through its solutions that encourage more virtuous and responsible behaviors.€1.00 dividend proposed for 2022Edenred is proposing a dividend of €1.00 per share for 2022  representing an 11% increase compared with the prior year  in line with the Group’s policy of progressive dividend growth. This dividend will be submitted to shareholders for approval at Edenred’s Combined General Meeting on May 11  2023. Payment of the dividend will be made solely in cash.Dividend payment schedule:June 7  2023: Ex-date.June 8  2023: Record date.June 9  2023: Dividend payment date.OUTLOOKOn the strength of its record-breaking 2022 performance  the Group is confident as it moves into 2023  and expects to see continued strong business growth in all regions and all business lines.2023 will continue to be shaped by structural trends such as changes in the working world and the start of a new era of mobility coupled with global ecosystem digitization. Against this backdrop  the Group will push ahead with scaling its unique platform advantage  deploying its Beyond 22-25 strategic plan with three priorities:Scale the Core: grow further in its existing markets  which are still largely underpenetrated  notably by capitalizing on a segmented go-to-market strategy  and cross-selling and up-selling in its client portfolio;Extend Beyond: accelerate the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies by launching and deploying more value-added services for its clients  partner merchants and users;Expand in New Businesses: expand into promising new geographies.While the economic environment remains relatively uncertain  Edenred continues to benefit from the increased attractiveness of its solutions amid reduced purchasing power  a talent war  and the need for better control of fleet expenses.Boasting low leverage and high cash flow generation  Edenred will continue to invest in order to strengthen its technology leadership and fuel its innovation strategy. Edenred also plans to seize external growth opportunities to support the three development priorities of its Beyond 22 - 25 plan in each of its business lines  boosted by more than €2 billion in M&A fire power.Lastly  Edenred confirms the targets set out in its new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan for 2023  namely:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%8SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE FOURTH QUARTEREdenred expands its Corporate Payment invoice automation capabilities in the US  with the acquisition of IPSEdenred announced the acquisition of IPS  a leading invoice automation vendor  through its corporate payment subsidiary Edenred CSI. This acquisition enhances Edenred CSI’s value proposition by expanding along the procure-to-pay value chain and integrating a turnkey invoice automation solution into its digital platform.By combining suppliers’ invoice processing and payment automation  Edenred CSI clients will have access to an end-to-end integrated solution that further simplifies and streamlines the management of the entire accounts payable process.Edenred presents Beyond 22-25   its new strategic plan through 2025  to coincide with its Capital Markets Day on October 25  2022In an environment shaped by accelerating new structural trends such as changes in the working world  a new era of mobility and global ecosystem digitization  Edenred aims to become the global platform of choice at work in larger markets.Edenred operates in markets that are still largely underpenetrated and that therefore harbor considerable growth opportunities  reinforced by widespread adoption of new behaviors. Against this backdrop  the Group intends to leverage to the full its unique global platform advantage by developing a common approach in each of its business lines based on three priorities: Scale the Core  Extend Beyond and Expand in New Businesses.The Beyond 22-25 strategic plan will drive sustainable and profitable growth and generate high levels of free cash flow over the 2022-2025 period. Edenred has also placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  announcing an acceleration in its extra-financial commitments  including a commitment to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets.Edenred acquires a stake in Betterway to accelerate the development of sustainable corporate mobilityEdenred announced that it had acquired a €4 million stake in Betterway  a pioneer in corporate mobility passes. The two companies had been business partners since September 2022. This new alliance will consolidate their strategic vision. By contributing to Betterway’s development  Edenred is strengthening its leadership position in the employee benefits market. The joint Edenred-Betterway mobility offering will provide the Group’s clients with the most comprehensive and innovative solution on the French market.UPCOMING EVENTSApril 20  2023: First-quarter 2023 revenueMay 11  2023: General MeetingJuly 25  2023: First-half 2023 resultsOctober 19  2023: Third-quarter 2023 revenue▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73 baptiste.fournier@edenred.comAPPENDICESGlossary and list of references neededfor a proper understanding of financial informationa) Main termsLike-for-like  impact of changes in the scope of consolidation  currency effect:Like-for-like or organic growth corresponds to comparable growth  i.e.  growth at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation. This indicator reflects the Group’s business performance.Changes in activity (like-for-like or organic growth) represent changes in amounts between the current period and the comparative period  adjusted for currency effects and for the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals.The impact of acquisitions is eliminated from the amount reported for the current period. The impact of disposals is eliminated from the amount reported for the comparative period. The sum of these two amounts is known as the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation or the scope effect.The calculation of changes in activity is translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period and divided by the adjusted amount for the comparative period.The currency effect is the difference between the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate for the reported period and the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period.Business volume:Business volume comprises total issue volume of Employee Benefits  Incentive and Rewards  Public Social Program solutions and Corporate Payment Services  plus the transaction volume of Fleet & Mobility Solutions and other solutions.Issue volume:Issue volume is the total face value of the funds preloaded on all of the payment solutions issued by Edenred to its corporate and public sector clients.Transaction volume:Transaction volume represents the total value of the transactions paid for with payment instruments  at the time of the transaction.b) Alternative performance measurement indicators included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportThe alternative performance measurement indicators outlined below are presented and reconciled with accounting data in the Annual Financial Report.Indicator Reference note in Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Operating revenueOperating revenue corresponds to:operating revenue generated by prepaid vouchers managed by Edenred and operating revenue from value-added services such as incentive programs  human services and event-related services.It corresponds to the amount billed to the client company and is recognized on delivery of the solutions. Other revenueOther revenue is interest generated by investing cash over the period between:the issue date and the reimbursement date for vouchers and the loading date and the redeeming date for cards. The interest represents a component of operating revenue and as such is included in the determination of total revenue.EBITDAThis aggregate corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses.It is used as the benchmark for determining senior management and other executive compensation as it reflects the economic performance of the business.EBITThis aggregate is the ""Operating profit before other income and expenses""  which corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses  depreciation  amortization (mainly intangible assets  internally generated or acquired assets) and non-operating provisions.EBIT excludes the net profit from equity-accounted companies and excludes the other income and expenses booked in the “Operating profit including share of net profit from equity-accounted companies”.Other income and expenses See Note 10.1 of consolidated financial statements Funds from operations (FFO) See consolidated statement of cash flows (Part 1.4)c) Alternative performance measurement indicators not included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportIndicator Definitions and reconciliations with Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Free cash flow Free cash flow corresponds to cash generated by operating activities less investments in intangible assets and property  plant and equipment.Operating revenueQ1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 270 237 281 238 283 241 355 294 1 189 1 010 France 76 69 74 66 71 65 94 86 315 286 Rest of Europe 194 168 207 172 212 176 261 208 874 724 Latin America 123 97 148 107 161 120 172 128 603 452 Rest of the world 33 29 36 28 40 33 42 31 152 121 Total 426 363 465 373 484 393 569 454 1 944 1 583 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +13.8% +13.4% +18.1% +18.0% +17.5% +17.6% +20.7% +21.1% +17.7% +17.7% France +10.3% +10.3% +12.2% +12.2% +8.7% +8.7% +9.8% +9.8% +10.2% +10.2% Rest of Europe +15.3% +14.8% +16.9% +16.8% +24.3% +24.4% +25.3% +25.7% +20.7% +20.7% Latin America +26.5% +16.5% +38.0% +17.2% +34.6% +19.9% +34.3% +20.5% +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the world +14.3% +26.0% +26.9% +36.7% +21.1% +27.7% +38.1% +40.5% +25.2% +32.7% Total +17.3% +15.3% +24.5% +19.2% +23.0% +19.1% +25.8% +22.3% +22.8% +19.2%Other revenueQ1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn € millions2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 5 3 6 3 9 3 17 5 37 14 France 2 1 1 1 1 1 3 3 7 6 Rest of Europe 3 2 5 2 8 2 14 2 30 8 Latin America 7 6 10 6 11 6 14 7 42 25 Rest of the world 1 1 2 1 2 1 3 2 8 5 Total 13 10 18 10 23 11 33 13 87 44 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +40.5% +39.1% +89.8% +88.9% +165.4% +165.3% +342.8% +344.8% +166.8% +166.8% France +5.6% +5.6% -2.0% -2.0% +4.0% +4.0% +70.5% +70.5% +20.0% +20.0% Rest of Europe +66.0% +63.5% +159.5% +158.0% +281.4% +281.2% +511.2% +514.4% +269.7% +269.7% Latin America +33.5% +22.8% +71.1% +44.1% +74.7% +54.0% +80.0% +63.4% +66.3% +47.6% Rest of the world -18.9% +35.3% +10.1% +78.4% +60.0% +149.1% +185.2% +334.8% +50.3% +136.4% Total +28.9% +29.7% +69.1% +63.0% +100.1% +99.7% +172.0% +174.9% +96.1% +95.5%Total revenueQ1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 275 240 287 241 292 244 372 299 1 226 1 024 France 78 70 75 67 72 67 97 88 322 292 Rest of Europe 197 170 212 174 220 178 275 210 904 732 Latin America 130 103 158 113 172 126 186 135 645 477 Rest of the world 34 30 38 30 42 34 45 32 160 126 Total 439 373 482 384 506 405 603 465 2 031 1 627 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +14.2% +13.8% +19.1% +19.0% +19.6% +19.6% +24.9% +25.3% +19.7% +19.7% France +10.2% +10.2% +11.9% +11.9% +8.6% +8.6% +10.8% +10.8% +10.4% +10.4% Rest of Europe +15.9% +15.3% +18.4% +18.3% +27.3% +27.4% +30.7% +31.3% +23.5% +23.5% Latin America +26.9% +16.8% +39.6% +18.6% +36.7% +21.7% +36.8% +22.9% +35.3% +20.2% Rest of the world +12.9% +26.5% +26.1% +38.6% +22.8% +32.9% +42.6% +49.4% +26.3% +36.9% Total +17.6% +15.7% +25.7% +20.4% +25.2% +21.4% +29.6% +26.3% +24.8% +21.2%EBITDA et EBITIn € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 536 426 +26.1% +26.0% France 117 107 +9.7% +9.7% Rest of Europe 419 319 +31.6% +31.5% Latin America 276 209 +32.1% +17.8% Rest of the world 38 33 +14.5% +38.9% Others (14) 2 N/A N/A EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3%In € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 458 354 +29.5% +29.5% France 93 85 +9.3% +9.3% Rest of Europe 365 269 +35.9% +35.9% Latin America 232 174 +33.3% +20.3% Rest of the world 21 18 +19.4% +66.0% Others (24) (8) N/A N/A EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1%Summarized balance sheetIn € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021In € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021ASSETS LIABILITIES Goodwill 1 605 1 506 Total equity (613) (869) Intangible assets 738 677 Property  plant & equipment 157 156 Gross debt and other financial liabilities 3 341 3 538 Investments in associates 67 67 Provisions and deferred tax 168 185 Other non-current assets 164 178 Float (Trade receivables  net) 1 562 1 322 Vouchers in circulation (Float) 5 840 5 258 Working capital excl. float (assets) 1 731 1 267 Working capital excl. float (liabilities) 2 438 2 211 Restricted cash 2 120 2 428 Cash & cash equivalents and other current financial assets 3 030 2 722 TOTAL ASSETS 11 174 10 323 TOTAL LIABILITIES 11 174 10 323 Dec. 2022 Dec. 2021 Total working capital 4 985 4 880 Of which float: 4 278 3 936From Net profit  Group share to Free Cash FlowsIn € millions 2022 2021 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 386 313 Non-controlling interests 31 30 Dividends received from equity-accounted companies 10 14 Difference between income tax paid and income tax expense 26 16 Non-cash impact from other income and expenses 220 183 = Funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) 673 556 Decrease (Increase) in working capital 11 84 (145) Recurring decrease (Increase) in restricted cash 275 221 = Net cash from (used in) operating activities 1 032 632 - Recurring capital expenditure (151) (114) = Free cash flows (FCF) 881 (9) 518(10)1 To be proposed at the General Meeting of May 11  2023.2 Based on constant regulations and methods.3 Turkey is now qualified as a hyperinflationary economy. The Group has therefore applied IAS 29 – Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies to its operations in this country since January 1  2022.4 The float corresponds to a portion of the operating working capital from the preloading of funds by corporate clients.5 In October 2022  the Group upgraded its EBITDA outlook to between €810 million and €840 million  compared with a target range of between €770 million and €810 million announced in July 2022.6 Net financial expense in 2022 takes into account the negative impact of exchange rates and of hyperinflation in Argentina and Turkey. In 2021  net financial expense included the increase in the fair value of Edenred’s investments in the Partech funds.7 For scopes 1  2 and 3a.8 Based on constant regulations and methods.9 Including a one-off positive impact of €170 million from the change in regulations in Germany in 2022.10 Including payment of the €157 million fine issued by France’s antitrust authority.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.2,0.2,True,English,"['top line growth', 'new records', '2022 annual results', 'Edenred', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG index', 'future external growth opportunities', 'strong top line growth', 'strong business volume growth', 'higher interest rates', 'Free cash flow', 'Industry-leading ESG ratings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'reduced purchasing power', 'first nine months', 'strong business momentum', '22-25 strategic plan', 'three business lines', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'corporate payment efficiency', '2022 key financial metrics', 'employees’ purchasing power', 'new client wins', 'favorable 3.6% currency effect', 'favorable 3.7% currency effect', 'EBITDA conversion rate', 'relevant, user-friendly solutions', 'Beyond 22-25 plan', 'ESG commitments', '0.0% scope effect', 'profitable growth', 'innovation momentum', 'EBITDA growth', 'financial performance', 'Net profit', 'Payment strategies', 'financial statements', '22-25 targets', 'English French', 'new records', 'Further penetration', 'SME segment', 'Increased use', 'Ticket Restaurant ®', 'employee engagement', 'digital maintenance', 'Further investments', 'Bertrand Dumazy', '€2 billion mark', 'unwavering commitment', 'good performance', 'extra-financial goals', 'world leader', 'sustained investments', 'work practices', 'fleet electrification', 'new partnerships', 'platform advantage', 'growing number', 'scope effects', 'Total revenue', 'Other revenue', 'Operating revenue', 'EBITDA margin', 'fourth quarter', 'toll solutions', 'funds solutions', 'concrete solutions', 'technology investments', 'extra-financial targets', 'technology leadership', '2022 annual results', 'Further acceleration', 'existing markets', 'Fuel offering', 'year increase', 'Edenred platform', 'Food solutions', 'Group share', 'Edenred solutions', '22.3% growth', '10,000 employees', 'mobility', 'success', '0.4x', 'Deployment', 'implementation', 'efficient', 'Chairman', 'progress', 'rewards', 'multitude', 'areas', 'security', 'portfolio', 'ability', 'prospects', 'sustainable', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', '2021 % change', 'basis', 'rise', 'account', '2023']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/2022-annual-results-Edenred-s-results-break-new-records-driven-by-top-line-growth-of-25-in-2022-43037339/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,2022 annual results: Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022,(marketscreener.com)          2022 annual results Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 Further acceleration of growth in 2022  notably in the fourth quarter  fueled by the Group’s business and innovation momentum Furt…,"2022 annual results: Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 02/21/2023 | 01:02am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields2022 annual results Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 Further acceleration of growth in 2022  notably in the fourth quarter  fueled by the Group’s business and innovation momentumFurther penetration in markets still largely underpenetrated across the three business lines  notably in the SME segmentIncreased use of Edenred solutions to improve employees’ purchasing power  be it Ticket Restaurant ® or Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) Highly attractive Beyond Fuel offering  illustrated by the success of the fully digital maintenance and toll solutions Total revenue of over €2 billion  up 24.8% as reported and up 21.2% like-for-like versus 2021 Operating revenue up 19.2% like-for-like  including 22.3% growth in the fourth quarteror Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) Other revenue up twofold to €87 million  driven by strong business volume growth and higher interest rates Record financial performance in line with top line growthEBITDA of €836 million  up 24.9% as reported and up 23.3% like-for-likeEBITDA margin of 41.2%  up 0.7 percentage points like-for-like Net profit  Group share of €386 million  up 23.3%Free cash flow of €881 million  while accelerating technology investmentsNet debt/EBITDA ratio at 0.4x Proposed dividend of €1.00 per share1  up 11% Extra-financial performance living up to the Group’s ESG commitmentsEdenred included in the Euronext CAC 40 ESG index 2022 extra-financial targets exceededIndustry-leading ESG ratings Edenred is ideally positioned to continue generating profitable growth in 2023 and beyondDeployment of the Beyond 22-25 plan to further penetrate existing markets and accelerate the implementation of the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies  scaling the Edenred platform to aggregate  orchestrate and distribute more solutionsplan to further penetrate existing markets and accelerate the implementation of the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies  scaling the Edenred platform to aggregate  orchestrate and distribute more solutions Further investments to strengthen Edenred’s technology leadership and provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutionsEdenred confirms its Beyond 22-25 targets for 2023: Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12% Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70% 2targets for 2023:***Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “Business volume of €38 billion pushed our revenue up 25%  past the €2 billion mark. In line with this strong top line growth  our results once again broke new records this year. I would like to congratulate Edenred’s 10 000 employees for their unwavering commitment. They can be happy with this good performance  and proud of the progress we have made toward our extra-financial goals. As the world leader in earmarked funds solutions  Edenred is reaping the rewards of the sustained investments we’ve been making in technology to innovate and disrupt our markets. Our strong business momentum  combined with our relevant  user-friendly solutions  continues to drive new client wins.Edenred provides concrete solutions in a multitude of areas  including changing work practices  reduced purchasing power  employee engagement  fleet electrification and corporate payment efficiency and security. Our new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan is based on organically developing our portfolio of solutions  forming new partnerships and leveraging our ability to seize future external growth opportunities. We’re uniquely positioned to keep penetrating our markets while scaling our platform advantage by aggregating  orchestrating and distributing a growing number of solutions. That’s why we are fully confident in our prospects of generating sustainable and profitable growth in 2023 and beyond.” 2022 ANNUAL RESULTS The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022 were reviewed by the Board of Directors on February 20  20233. 2022 key financial metrics: (in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Operating revenue 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2% Other revenue 87 44 +96.1% +95.5% Total revenue 2 031 1 627 +24.8% +21.2% EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3% EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1% Net profit  Group share 386 313 +23.3% Total revenue: €2 031 millionTotal revenue for 2022 amounted to €2 031 million  up 24.8% as reported compared with 2021. This year-on-year increase includes a favorable 3.6% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  total revenue was up 21.2%.In the fourth quarter  total revenue climbed 29.6% as reported and 26.3% like-for-like  marking a further acceleration compared with the first nine months of the year. Currency and scope effects were positive in the quarter  respectively adding 2.5% and 0.8% to total revenue. Operating revenue: €1 944 million Operating revenue increased by 22.8% as reported to €1 944 million in 2022. This rise takes into account a favorable 3.7% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  operating revenue grew by 19.2% versus 2021. Fourth-quarter operating revenue totaled €569 million  up 25.8% as reported and up 22.3% like-for-like. These figures mark a further acceleration in business  reflecting Edenred’s ability to scale its platform advantage to step up market penetration and win new clients  particularly in the SME segment. Growth was notably driven by a solid performance from end-of-year gift card campaigns despite a high basis of comparison  and by the continued success of Beyond Fuel solutions. Operating revenue by business line(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 1 152 961 +19.9% +17.8% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 539 414 +30.2% +23.5% Complementary Solutions 253 208 +21.6% +16.9% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 349 279 +25.4% +23.1% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 144 114 +26.2% +22.4% Complementary Solutions 77 61 +26.5% +18.1% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3% The Employee Benefits business line generated €1 152 million in operating revenue in 2022  representing an increase of 19.9% as reported (+17.8% like-for-like) and accounting for 59% of Group operating revenue. This strong growth reflects the good business momentum and the continued success of the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering among both large corporate accounts and SMEs  a segment that remains largely untapped with a penetration rate three to five times lower on average than that of large corporates. It also reflects the impact of companies’ starting to use the higher maximum face values set by law  enabling them to protect their employees’ purchasing power. In addition to meal vouchers  Edenred also benefited from the draw of its Beyond Food solutions. These solutions are particularly suited to companies seeking to boost employee engagement  especially amid today’s reduced purchasing power and war for talent. In September 2022 in France  for example  Edenred partnered with Betterway  a pioneer in corporate sustainable mobility  in order to harness the potential offered by this market. This strategic partnership  consolidated in late 2022 by Edenred’s contributions to the company’s capital increase  will enable the two partners to jointly offer the Mobility Pass  a solution that covers all employer subsidies for employee commutes (sustainable mobility  public transportation and fuel allowances). In the fourth quarter  operating revenue for Employee Benefits amounted to €349 million  up 25.4% as reported (+23.1% like-for-like) compared with the same period in 2021. This performance mainly reflects an excellent end-of-year gift card campaign despite a high basis of comparison  along with the enhanced attractiveness of Edenred’s solutions in the current macroeconomic context. In the Fleet & Mobility Solutions business line  which accounted for 28% of the Group’s business  operating revenue came to €539 million in 2022  up 30.2% as reported over the period (+23.5% like-for-like). This performance reflects the success of the Beyond Fuel strategy in both Europe and Latin America  notably driven by the attractiveness of maintenance and toll solutions. In February 2022 as part of this strategy  Edenred acquired Greenpass  an issuer of electronic toll solutions in Brazil  with the aim of accelerating its development in a fast-growing market with significant cross-selling potential. The business line also benefited from strong commercial momentum in the underpenetrated SME segment  reporting a 21% increase in the number of new contracts signed over the year  driven by the relevance of the Group’s digital  multi-product offering. During the year Edenred also expanded its solutions for fleet managers  joining forces with ChargePoint  a leading electric vehicle charging network provider in Europe and the United States. Thanks to this partnership  UTA Edenred can support fleet managers in the transition to electric vehicle usage by giving them access to over 400 000 public electric charge points across 33 European countries through an all-in-one solution. In the fourth quarter  Fleet & Mobility Solutions operating revenue came to €144 million  up 26.2% as reported (+22.4% like-for-like) compared with 2021. Complementary Solutions  which includes Corporate Payment Services  Incentive & Rewards and Public Social Programs  generated operating revenue of €253 million in 2022  representing 13% of the Group total. This business line grew by 21.6% year-on-year as reported (+16.9% like-for-like). This performance reflects good commercial dynamism in Corporate Payment Services in North America operated through Edenred CSI  spurred by new contract wins in segments into which the company has recently expanded  such as property management. In addition  Edenred CSI rounded out its corporate payment offering in the United States in October 2022 with the acquisition of IPS  a leader in invoice automation. Complementary Solutions’ performance also reflects the continued success of the Group’s innovative programs  such as Benefit Xpress in Taiwan and the new value-added services accessible via the C3Pay mobile app in the United Arab Emirates. In the fourth quarter  Complementary Solutions delivered operating revenue of €77 million  a rise of 26.5% as reported (+18.1% like-for-like) versus 2021 despite a high basis of comparison. Operating revenue by region(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 1 189 1 010 +17.7% +17.7% Latin America 603 452 +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the World 152 121 +25.2% +32.7% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 355 294 +20.7% +21.1% Latin America 172 128 +34.3% +20.5% Rest of the World 42 31 +38.1% +40.5% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3% In Europe   operating revenue amounted to €1 189 million in 2022  an increase of 17.7% both as reported and like-for-like. Europe represented 61% of Group operating revenue. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue was up 20.7% as reported and 21.1% like-for-like. In France  operating revenue amounted to €315 million in 2022  an increase of 10.2% as reported and like-for-like  including growth of 9.8% in the fourth quarter. Fourth-quarter growth was driven by an acceleration in Employee Benefits solutions  as the digital Ticket Restaurant® benefit continued to attract many clients among large corporate accounts and SMEs. Performance was also fueled by the success of Beyond Food solutions and particularly the employee engagement platform ProwebCE  the leading solution for works councils in France  with 13 000 clients and nearly 7 million employees able to access deals from 2 000 partners. This strong momentum was further enhanced by the acquisition of Enjoy Mon CSE in September 2022. Operating revenue in Europe excluding France totaled €874 million in 2022  up 20.7% as reported and like-for-like. Fourth-quarter operating revenue for the region rose by 25.3% as reported (+25.7% like-for-like)  lifted in particular by a very good performance in Employee Benefits. This is the result of the strong traction enjoyed by the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering. It also reflects the enhanced attractiveness of Beyond Food solutions  illustrated by the success of the multi-benefit  single-card offering developed in several countries (including Belgium  Portugal and Finland) and the end-of-year gift card campaign.The region’s performance also reflects robust growth in Edenred’s Fleet & Mobility Solutions thanks to the continued deployment of its Beyond Fuel strategy  as well as its agility in adapting to the changing needs of its clients  as illustrated by the new partnership with Chargepoint in April 2022. Operating revenue amounted to €603 million in Latin America in 2022  up 33.6% as reported (+18.7% like-for-like). The region accounted for 31% of consolidated operating revenue in 2022. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue increased by 34.3% as reported (+20.5% like-for-like). In Brazil  operating revenue rose by 16.7% like-for-like in 2022 versus 2021. Fourth-quarter operating revenue climbed 16.5% like-for-like. This robust growth reflects a very good performance in Employee Benefits spurred by the success of the Ticket Superflex multi-benefit offering and the growing contribution of the Itaú partnership in the SME segment. Performance was also driven by Fleet & Mobility Solutions  thanks to strong business momentum in the SME segment and the ongoing success of the Beyond Fuel strategy  with maintenance and toll solutions continuing to prove extremely popular with fleet managers. In Hispanic Latin America  operating revenue climbed 23.0% like-for-like in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue advanced 29.0% like-for-like  reflecting both accelerating growth in Employee Benefits solutions and another good performance from Fleet & Mobility Solutions. In the Rest of the World   operating revenue amounted to €152 million  up 25.2% as reported and up 32.7% like-for-like over the period. This very good performance was notably driven by robust business momentum for Edenred CSI’s Corporate Payment Services  illustrated by the 38% year-on-year increase in virtual cards issued in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue rose by 38.1% as reported (+40.5% like-for-like). Other revenue: €87 million Other revenue represented €87 million in 2022  a rise of 96.1% as reported (+95.5% like-for-like). In the fourth quarter  other revenue totaled €33 million  up 172.0% as reported (+174.9% like-for-like). This significant increase reflects the impact of business growth on the float4  as well as favorable changes in interest rates in all regions where the Group operates  with a gradual acceleration quarter after quarter. This results from the steady rise in interest rates observed for several quarters now in Latin America and Europe (outside the euro zone)  and from the more recent increase in the euro zone. Record EBITDA: €836 million EBITDA came in at an all-time high of €836 million in 2022  [at the top end of the range announced in October 20225]  delivering record growth of 24.9% as reported and of 23.3% like-for-like.The EBITDA margin was 0.7 percentage point higher like-for-like  at 41.2%. Edenred kept a tight rein on operating expenses while accelerating spending on innovation and technology to fuel its future growth  illustrating its operating leverage. Edenred also benefited from the contribution of other revenue. Net profit: €386 million Net profit  Group share came in at €386 million  up 23.3% in line with the growth in EBITDA.Net profit takes into account other income and expenses for a net expense of €30 million (versus a net expense of €33 million in 2021)  a net financial expense of €54 million (versus €19 million in 2021)6  a net income tax expense of €188 million (versus €151 million in 2021)  and €(31) million attributable to non-controlling interests (versus €(30) million in 2021). Strong cash flow generation Edenred leveraged its strongly cash generative business model to deliver record-high funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) of €673 million in 2022  up 21% as reported. In 2022  Edenred continued to invest in its platform to fuel the Group’s sustainable and profitable growth and lengthen its technology lead. Capital expenditure in 2022 amounted to €151 million  or 7.4% of Group total revenue  in line with the 7%-8% expected under the Beyond 22-25 plan. In all  free cash flow was a record €881 million in 2022  lifted by the increase in the float – notably due to the good fourth-quarter performance – and by the positive impact of regulatory changes affecting the Ticket City product in Germany  for which the related cash was considered as restricted until January 1  2022. Excluding the one-off impact of this change in regulations  free cash flow would have amounted to €711 million for 2022  compared with €518 million for 2021  with a free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate of 85% versus 77% in the previous year. Even stronger financial positionAt December 31  2022  Edenred had net debt of €307 million  versus €816 million at December 31  2021. This sharp year-on-year decrease in net debt notably reflects free cash flow generation of €881 million over 2022  €240 million returned to shareholders  and a €43 million negative impact from currency effects and non-recurring items.The Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio therefore stood at 0.4x in 2022  versus 1.2x in 2021.Edenred enjoys a robust financial position with a high level of liquidity and a solid balance sheet. In April 2022  Standard & Poor’s affirmed the Group’s BBB+ Strong Investment Grade rating and upgraded its outlook from stable to positive. The cost of the Group’s debt was 2.2% in 2022 versus 0.7% in the prior year  a rise of 1.5 percentage points notably due to higher interest rates in the euro zone. Commitment to ESG and extra-financial performanceThroughout 2022  Edenred continued to implement its corporate social responsibility policy  “Ideal”  which is aimed at improving quality of life (People)  protecting the environment (Planet) and creating value ethically and responsibly (Progress). The Group exceeded its extra-financial objectives for 2022. Under the People component  for example  33% of executive positions are now held by women (2 points above target). Regarding its Planet goals  greenhouse gas emissions intensity has been reduced by 51% since 2013 (compared with the 36% target). Lastly  regarding the Progress pillar  58% of users and merchants have now been made aware of balanced nutrition and food waste (against a target of 52%). Moreover  the Group is increasingly recognized for its commitment to environmental  social and governance (ESG) practices. In September 2022  for example  Edenred joined the Paris stock exchange’s Euronext CAC 40 ESG index  taking its place alongside other companies demonstrating ESG best practices. Over the long term  Edenred confirms that it will step up its ESG commitments  as announced at its Capital Markets Day in October 2022. At this event  the Group placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  committing to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets7 and stepping up the objectives of its “Ideal” CSR policy  with the aim of cementing its status as an employer of choice and a trustworthy Tech for Good company through its solutions that encourage more virtuous and responsible behaviors. €1.00 dividend proposed for 2022Edenred is proposing a dividend of €1.00 per share for 2022  representing an 11% increase compared with the prior year  in line with the Group’s policy of progressive dividend growth. This dividend will be submitted to shareholders for approval at Edenred’s Combined General Meeting on May 11  2023. Payment of the dividend will be made solely in cash. Dividend payment schedule: June 7  2023: Ex-date.June 8  2023: Record date.June 9  2023: Dividend payment date.OUTLOOK On the strength of its record-breaking 2022 performance  the Group is confident as it moves into 2023  and expects to see continued strong business growth in all regions and all business lines.2023 will continue to be shaped by structural trends such as changes in the working world and the start of a new era of mobility coupled with global ecosystem digitization. Against this backdrop  the Group will push ahead with scaling its unique platform advantage  deploying its Beyond 22-25 strategic plan with three priorities: Scale the Core: grow further in its existing markets  which are still largely underpenetrated  notably by capitalizing on a segmented go-to-market strategy  and cross-selling and up-selling in its client portfolio;Extend Beyond: accelerate the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies by launching and deploying more value-added services for its clients  partner merchants and users;Expand in New Businesses: expand into promising new geographies.While the economic environment remains relatively uncertain  Edenred continues to benefit from the increased attractiveness of its solutions amid reduced purchasing power  a talent war  and the need for better control of fleet expenses. Boasting low leverage and high cash flow generation  Edenred will continue to invest in order to strengthen its technology leadership and fuel its innovation strategy. Edenred also plans to seize external growth opportunities to support the three development priorities of its Beyond 22 - 25 plan in each of its business lines  boosted by more than €2 billion in M&A fire power. Lastly  Edenred confirms the targets set out in its new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan for 2023  namely: Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%8 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE FOURTH QUARTER Edenred expands its Corporate Payment invoice automation capabilities in the US  with the acquisition of IPS Edenred announced the acquisition of IPS  a leading invoice automation vendor  through its corporate payment subsidiary Edenred CSI. This acquisition enhances Edenred CSI’s value proposition by expanding along the procure-to-pay value chain and integrating a turnkey invoice automation solution into its digital platform.By combining suppliers’ invoice processing and payment automation  Edenred CSI clients will have access to an end-to-end integrated solution that further simplifies and streamlines the management of the entire accounts payable process. Edenred presents Beyond 22-25   its new strategic plan through 2025  to coincide with its Capital Markets Day on October 25  2022 In an environment shaped by accelerating new structural trends such as changes in the working world  a new era of mobility and global ecosystem digitization  Edenred aims to become the global platform of choice at work in larger markets.Edenred operates in markets that are still largely underpenetrated and that therefore harbor considerable growth opportunities  reinforced by widespread adoption of new behaviors. Against this backdrop  the Group intends to leverage to the full its unique global platform advantage by developing a common approach in each of its business lines based on three priorities: Scale the Core  Extend Beyond and Expand in New Businesses. The Beyond 22-25 strategic plan will drive sustainable and profitable growth and generate high levels of free cash flow over the 2022-2025 period. Edenred has also placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  announcing an acceleration in its extra-financial commitments  including a commitment to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets. Edenred acquires a stake in Betterway to accelerate the development of sustainable corporate mobilityEdenred announced that it had acquired a €4 million stake in Betterway  a pioneer in corporate mobility passes. The two companies had been business partners since September 2022. This new alliance will consolidate their strategic vision. By contributing to Betterway’s development  Edenred is strengthening its leadership position in the employee benefits market. The joint Edenred-Betterway mobility offering will provide the Group’s clients with the most comprehensive and innovative solution on the French market.UPCOMING EVENTS April 20  2023: First-quarter 2023 revenueMay 11  2023: General MeetingJuly 25  2023: First-half 2023 resultsOctober 19  2023: Third-quarter 2023 revenue ▬▬ About Edenred Edenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients. Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards). True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility. Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day. In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards. Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe. The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners. ▬▬ CONTACTS Communications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73 baptiste.fournier@edenred.comAPPENDICES Glossary and list of references neededfor a proper understanding of financial information a) Main termsLike-for-like  impact of changes in the scope of consolidation  currency effect:Like-for-like or organic growth corresponds to comparable growth  i.e.  growth at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation. This indicator reflects the Group’s business performance. Changes in activity (like-for-like or organic growth) represent changes in amounts between the current period and the comparative period  adjusted for currency effects and for the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals. The impact of acquisitions is eliminated from the amount reported for the current period. The impact of disposals is eliminated from the amount reported for the comparative period. The sum of these two amounts is known as the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation or the scope effect. The calculation of changes in activity is translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period and divided by the adjusted amount for the comparative period. The currency effect is the difference between the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate for the reported period and the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period. Business volume:Business volume comprises total issue volume of Employee Benefits  Incentive and Rewards  Public Social Program solutions and Corporate Payment Services  plus the transaction volume of Fleet & Mobility Solutions and other solutions. Issue volume:Issue volume is the total face value of the funds preloaded on all of the payment solutions issued by Edenred to its corporate and public sector clients. Transaction volume:Transaction volume represents the total value of the transactions paid for with payment instruments  at the time of the transaction. b) Alternative performance measurement indicators included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportThe alternative performance measurement indicators outlined below are presented and reconciled with accounting data in the Annual Financial Report. Indicator Reference note in Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Operating revenueOperating revenue corresponds to:operating revenue generated by prepaid vouchers managed by Edenred and operating revenue from value-added services such as incentive programs  human services and event-related services.It corresponds to the amount billed to the client company and is recognized on delivery of the solutions. Other revenueOther revenue is interest generated by investing cash over the period between:the issue date and the reimbursement date for vouchers and the loading date and the redeeming date for cards. The interest represents a component of operating revenue and as such is included in the determination of total revenue.EBITDAThis aggregate corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses.It is used as the benchmark for determining senior management and other executive compensation as it reflects the economic performance of the business.EBITThis aggregate is the ""Operating profit before other income and expenses""  which corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses  depreciation  amortization (mainly intangible assets  internally generated or acquired assets) and non-operating provisions.EBIT excludes the net profit from equity-accounted companies and excludes the other income and expenses booked in the “Operating profit including share of net profit from equity-accounted companies”.Other income and expenses See Note 10.1 of consolidated financial statements Funds from operations (FFO) See consolidated statement of cash flows (Part 1.4) c) Alternative performance measurement indicators not included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportIndicator Definitions and reconciliations with Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Free cash flow Free cash flow corresponds to cash generated by operating activities less investments in intangible assets and property  plant and equipment.Operating revenue Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 270 237 281 238 283 241 355 294 1 189 1 010 France 76 69 74 66 71 65 94 86 315 286 Rest of Europe 194 168 207 172 212 176 261 208 874 724 Latin America 123 97 148 107 161 120 172 128 603 452 Rest of the world 33 29 36 28 40 33 42 31 152 121 Total 426 363 465 373 484 393 569 454 1 944 1 583 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +13.8% +13.4% +18.1% +18.0% +17.5% +17.6% +20.7% +21.1% +17.7% +17.7% France +10.3% +10.3% +12.2% +12.2% +8.7% +8.7% +9.8% +9.8% +10.2% +10.2% Rest of Europe +15.3% +14.8% +16.9% +16.8% +24.3% +24.4% +25.3% +25.7% +20.7% +20.7% Latin America +26.5% +16.5% +38.0% +17.2% +34.6% +19.9% +34.3% +20.5% +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the world +14.3% +26.0% +26.9% +36.7% +21.1% +27.7% +38.1% +40.5% +25.2% +32.7% Total +17.3% +15.3% +24.5% +19.2% +23.0% +19.1% +25.8% +22.3% +22.8% +19.2% Other revenue Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn € millions2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 5 3 6 3 9 3 17 5 37 14 France 2 1 1 1 1 1 3 3 7 6 Rest of Europe 3 2 5 2 8 2 14 2 30 8 Latin America 7 6 10 6 11 6 14 7 42 25 Rest of the world 1 1 2 1 2 1 3 2 8 5 Total 13 10 18 10 23 11 33 13 87 44 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +40.5% +39.1% +89.8% +88.9% +165.4% +165.3% +342.8% +344.8% +166.8% +166.8% France +5.6% +5.6% -2.0% -2.0% +4.0% +4.0% +70.5% +70.5% +20.0% +20.0% Rest of Europe +66.0% +63.5% +159.5% +158.0% +281.4% +281.2% +511.2% +514.4% +269.7% +269.7% Latin America +33.5% +22.8% +71.1% +44.1% +74.7% +54.0% +80.0% +63.4% +66.3% +47.6% Rest of the world -18.9% +35.3% +10.1% +78.4% +60.0% +149.1% +185.2% +334.8% +50.3% +136.4% Total +28.9% +29.7% +69.1% +63.0% +100.1% +99.7% +172.0% +174.9% +96.1% +95.5% Total revenue Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 275 240 287 241 292 244 372 299 1 226 1 024 France 78 70 75 67 72 67 97 88 322 292 Rest of Europe 197 170 212 174 220 178 275 210 904 732 Latin America 130 103 158 113 172 126 186 135 645 477 Rest of the world 34 30 38 30 42 34 45 32 160 126 Total 439 373 482 384 506 405 603 465 2 031 1 627 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +14.2% +13.8% +19.1% +19.0% +19.6% +19.6% +24.9% +25.3% +19.7% +19.7% France +10.2% +10.2% +11.9% +11.9% +8.6% +8.6% +10.8% +10.8% +10.4% +10.4% Rest of Europe +15.9% +15.3% +18.4% +18.3% +27.3% +27.4% +30.7% +31.3% +23.5% +23.5% Latin America +26.9% +16.8% +39.6% +18.6% +36.7% +21.7% +36.8% +22.9% +35.3% +20.2% Rest of the world +12.9% +26.5% +26.1% +38.6% +22.8% +32.9% +42.6% +49.4% +26.3% +36.9% Total +17.6% +15.7% +25.7% +20.4% +25.2% +21.4% +29.6% +26.3% +24.8% +21.2% EBITDA et EBIT In € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 536 426 +26.1% +26.0% France 117 107 +9.7% +9.7% Rest of Europe 419 319 +31.6% +31.5% Latin America 276 209 +32.1% +17.8% Rest of the world 38 33 +14.5% +38.9% Others (14) 2 N/A N/A EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3%In € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 458 354 +29.5% +29.5% France 93 85 +9.3% +9.3% Rest of Europe 365 269 +35.9% +35.9% Latin America 232 174 +33.3% +20.3% Rest of the world 21 18 +19.4% +66.0% Others (24) (8) N/A N/A EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1% Summarized balance sheet In € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021In € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021ASSETS LIABILITIES Goodwill 1 605 1 506 Total equity (613) (869) Intangible assets 738 677 Property  plant & equipment 157 156 Gross debt and other financial liabilities 3 341 3 538 Investments in associates 67 67 Provisions and deferred tax 168 185 Other non-current assets 164 178 Float (Trade receivables  net) 1 562 1 322 Vouchers in circulation (Float) 5 840 5 258 Working capital excl. float (assets) 1 731 1 267 Working capital excl. float (liabilities) 2 438 2 211 Restricted cash 2 120 2 428 Cash & cash equivalents and other current financial assets 3 030 2 722 TOTAL ASSETS 11 174 10 323 TOTAL LIABILITIES 11 174 10 323 Dec. 2022 Dec. 2021 Total working capital 4 985 4 880 Of which float: 4 278 3 936 From Net profit  Group share to Free Cash Flows In € millions 2022 2021 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 386 313 Non-controlling interests 31 30 Dividends received from equity-accounted companies 10 14 Difference between income tax paid and income tax expense 26 16 Non-cash impact from other income and expenses 220 183 = Funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) 673 556 Decrease (Increase) in working capital 11 84 (145) Recurring decrease (Increase) in restricted cash 275 221 = Net cash from (used in) operating activities 1 032 632 - Recurring capital expenditure (151) (114) = Free cash flows (FCF) 881 (9) 518(10)1 To be proposed at the General Meeting of May 11  2023.2 Based on constant regulations and methods.3 Turkey is now qualified as a hyperinflationary economy. The Group has therefore applied IAS 29 – Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies to its operations in this country since January 1  2022. 4 The float corresponds to a portion of the operating working capital from the preloading of funds by corporate clients.5 In October 2022  the Group upgraded its EBITDA outlook to between €810 million and €840 million  compared with a target range of between €770 million and €810 million announced in July 2022.6 Net financial expense in 2022 takes into account the negative impact of exchange rates and of hyperinflation in Argentina and Turkey. In 2021  net financial expense included the increase in the fair value of Edenred’s investments in the Partech funds.7 For scopes 1  2 and 3a.8 Based on constant regulations and methods.9 Including a one-off positive impact of €170 million from the change in regulations in Germany in 2022. 10 Including payment of the €157 million fine issued by France’s antitrust authority. Attachment 2023 02 02 - Edenred Results FY 2022 - CP ENG vDEF© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about EDENRED SE 02/21 Global markets live: Airbus  Walmart  Meta  Home Depot... 02/21 Edenred : Decisions of February 20  2023 PU 02/21 Edenred profits beat forecasts as employers boost staff benefits RE 02/21 Transcript : Edenred SA  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 21  2023 CI 02/21 French voucher provider Edenred beats full-year profit estimate RE 02/21 2022 Annual Results : Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25.. GL 02/21 2022 Annual Results : Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25.. GL 02/08 Edenred : Déclaration du nombre d'actions et de droits de vote au 31 janvier 2023 PU 01/25 Edenred : Diane Coliche is appointed Chief Operating Officer of Edenred's Fleet & Mobility.. PU 01/19 Edenred : Betterway raises 4 million in funding from Edenred to accelerate the developmen.. PU Analyst Recommendations on EDENRED SE 2021 Analyst recommendations: Casey's  D.R. Horton  Microsoft  Unilev.. 2021 Analyst recommendations: Apple  Aviva  Biogen  Comerica Incorpor.. 2012 Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners  S.A.S.  Iris Capital  Edenred SA and Patrice .. CIFinancials EUR USD Sales 2022 1 983 M 2 109 M 2 109 M Net income 2022 401 M 426 M 426 M Net Debt 2022 483 M 513 M 513 M P/E ratio 2022 33 8x Yield 2022 1 88% Capitalization 13 348 M 14 190 M 14 190 M EV / Sales 2022 6 97x EV / Sales 2023 5 96x Nbr of Employees 8 984 Free-Float 99 4% Chart EDENRED SE Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends EDENRED SE Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus BUY Number of Analysts 15 Last Close Price 53 56 € Average target price 59 18 € Spread / Average Target 10 5% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Bertrand Dumazy Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Julien Tanguy Executive Vice President-Finance Dave Ubachs Executive Vice President-Global Technology Jean-Romain Arnauld Lhomme Independent Director Maëlle Gavet Independent Director Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) EDENRED SE 4.09% 14 084",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.14,0.22,True,English,"['top line growth', 'new records', '2022 annual results', 'Edenred', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG index', 'future external growth opportunities', 'strong top line growth', 'strong business volume growth', 'multiple email addresses', 'higher interest rates', 'Free cash flow', 'Industry-leading ESG ratings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'reduced purchasing power', 'strong business momentum', '22-25 strategic plan', 'three business lines', 'first nine months', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'corporate payment efficiency', '2022 key financial metrics', 'employees’ purchasing power', 'new client wins', 'EBITDA conversion rate', 'favorable 3.6% currency effect', 'relevant, user-friendly solutions', 'Beyond 22-25 plan', 'ESG commitments', 'profitable growth', 'innovation momentum', '0.0% scope effect', 'EBITDA growth', 'financial performance', 'Net profit', 'Payment strategies', 'financial statements', '22-25 targets', 'new records', 'First name', 'fourth quarter', 'Further penetration', 'SME segment', 'Increased use', 'Ticket Restaurant ®', 'employee engagement', 'digital maintenance', 'Further investments', 'Bertrand Dumazy', '€2 billion mark', 'unwavering commitment', 'good performance', 'extra-financial goals', 'world leader', 'sustained investments', 'work practices', 'fleet electrification', 'new partnerships', 'platform advantage', 'growing number', 'scope effects', 'Total revenue', 'Other revenue', 'Operating revenue', 'EBITDA margin', 'toll solutions', 'funds solutions', 'concrete solutions', 'technology investments', 'extra-financial targets', 'technology leadership', '2022 annual results', 'Further acceleration', 'existing markets', 'Fuel offering', 'year increase', 'Food solutions', 'Edenred platform', 'Group share', 'Edenred solutions', '22.3% growth', '10,000 employees', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'mobility', 'success', '0.4x', 'Deployment', 'implementation', 'efficient', 'Chairman', 'progress', 'rewards', 'multitude', 'areas', 'security', 'portfolio', 'ability', 'prospects', 'sustainable', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'millions', '2021 % change', 'basis', '2023']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/2022-annual-results-Edenred-s-results-break-new-records-driven-by-top-line-growth-of-25-in-2022-43037337/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,2022 annual results: Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022,(marketscreener.com)         2022 annual results Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 Further acceleration of growth in 2022  notably in the fourth quarter  fueled by the Group’s business and innovation momentum Furthe…,"2022 annual results: Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 02/21/2023 | 01:02am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields2022 annual results Edenred’s results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25% in 2022 Further acceleration of growth in 2022  notably in the fourth quarter  fueled by the Group’s business and innovation momentumFurther penetration in markets still largely underpenetrated across the three business lines  notably in the SME segmentIncreased use of Edenred solutions to improve employees’ purchasing power  be it Ticket Restaurant ® or Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) Highly attractive Beyond Fuel offering  illustrated by the success of the fully digital maintenance and toll solutions Total revenue of over €2 billion  up 24.8% as reported and up 21.2% like-for-like versus 2021 Operating revenue up 19.2% like-for-like  including 22.3% growth in the fourth quarteror Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) Other revenue up twofold to €87 million  driven by strong business volume growth and higher interest rates Record financial performance in line with top line growthEBITDA of €836 million  up 24.9% as reported and up 23.3% like-for-likeEBITDA margin of 41.2%  up 0.7 percentage points like-for-like Net profit  Group share of €386 million  up 23.3%Free cash flow of €881 million  while accelerating technology investmentsNet debt/EBITDA ratio at 0.4x Proposed dividend of €1.00 per share1  up 11% Extra-financial performance living up to the Group’s ESG commitmentsEdenred included in the Euronext CAC 40 ESG index 2022 extra-financial targets exceededIndustry-leading ESG ratings Edenred is ideally positioned to continue generating profitable growth in 2023 and beyondDeployment of the Beyond 22-25 plan to further penetrate existing markets and accelerate the implementation of the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies  scaling the Edenred platform to aggregate  orchestrate and distribute more solutionsplan to further penetrate existing markets and accelerate the implementation of the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies  scaling the Edenred platform to aggregate  orchestrate and distribute more solutions Further investments to strengthen Edenred’s technology leadership and provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutionsEdenred confirms its Beyond 22-25 targets for 2023: Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12% Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70% 2targets for 2023:***Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “Business volume of €38 billion pushed our revenue up 25%  past the €2 billion mark. In line with this strong top line growth  our results once again broke new records this year. I would like to congratulate Edenred’s 10 000 employees for their unwavering commitment. They can be happy with this good performance  and proud of the progress we have made toward our extra-financial goals. As the world leader in earmarked funds solutions  Edenred is reaping the rewards of the sustained investments we’ve been making in technology to innovate and disrupt our markets. Our strong business momentum  combined with our relevant  user-friendly solutions  continues to drive new client wins.Edenred provides concrete solutions in a multitude of areas  including changing work practices  reduced purchasing power  employee engagement  fleet electrification and corporate payment efficiency and security. Our new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan is based on organically developing our portfolio of solutions  forming new partnerships and leveraging our ability to seize future external growth opportunities. We’re uniquely positioned to keep penetrating our markets while scaling our platform advantage by aggregating  orchestrating and distributing a growing number of solutions. That’s why we are fully confident in our prospects of generating sustainable and profitable growth in 2023 and beyond.” 2022 ANNUAL RESULTS The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022 were reviewed by the Board of Directors on February 20  20233. 2022 key financial metrics: (in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Operating revenue 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2% Other revenue 87 44 +96.1% +95.5% Total revenue 2 031 1 627 +24.8% +21.2% EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3% EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1% Net profit  Group share 386 313 +23.3% Total revenue: €2 031 millionTotal revenue for 2022 amounted to €2 031 million  up 24.8% as reported compared with 2021. This year-on-year increase includes a favorable 3.6% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  total revenue was up 21.2%.In the fourth quarter  total revenue climbed 29.6% as reported and 26.3% like-for-like  marking a further acceleration compared with the first nine months of the year. Currency and scope effects were positive in the quarter  respectively adding 2.5% and 0.8% to total revenue. Operating revenue: €1 944 million Operating revenue increased by 22.8% as reported to €1 944 million in 2022. This rise takes into account a favorable 3.7% currency effect and a 0.0% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  operating revenue grew by 19.2% versus 2021. Fourth-quarter operating revenue totaled €569 million  up 25.8% as reported and up 22.3% like-for-like. These figures mark a further acceleration in business  reflecting Edenred’s ability to scale its platform advantage to step up market penetration and win new clients  particularly in the SME segment. Growth was notably driven by a solid performance from end-of-year gift card campaigns despite a high basis of comparison  and by the continued success of Beyond Fuel solutions. Operating revenue by business line(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 1 152 961 +19.9% +17.8% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 539 414 +30.2% +23.5% Complementary Solutions 253 208 +21.6% +16.9% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 349 279 +25.4% +23.1% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 144 114 +26.2% +22.4% Complementary Solutions 77 61 +26.5% +18.1% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3% The Employee Benefits business line generated €1 152 million in operating revenue in 2022  representing an increase of 19.9% as reported (+17.8% like-for-like) and accounting for 59% of Group operating revenue. This strong growth reflects the good business momentum and the continued success of the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering among both large corporate accounts and SMEs  a segment that remains largely untapped with a penetration rate three to five times lower on average than that of large corporates. It also reflects the impact of companies’ starting to use the higher maximum face values set by law  enabling them to protect their employees’ purchasing power. In addition to meal vouchers  Edenred also benefited from the draw of its Beyond Food solutions. These solutions are particularly suited to companies seeking to boost employee engagement  especially amid today’s reduced purchasing power and war for talent. In September 2022 in France  for example  Edenred partnered with Betterway  a pioneer in corporate sustainable mobility  in order to harness the potential offered by this market. This strategic partnership  consolidated in late 2022 by Edenred’s contributions to the company’s capital increase  will enable the two partners to jointly offer the Mobility Pass  a solution that covers all employer subsidies for employee commutes (sustainable mobility  public transportation and fuel allowances). In the fourth quarter  operating revenue for Employee Benefits amounted to €349 million  up 25.4% as reported (+23.1% like-for-like) compared with the same period in 2021. This performance mainly reflects an excellent end-of-year gift card campaign despite a high basis of comparison  along with the enhanced attractiveness of Edenred’s solutions in the current macroeconomic context. In the Fleet & Mobility Solutions business line  which accounted for 28% of the Group’s business  operating revenue came to €539 million in 2022  up 30.2% as reported over the period (+23.5% like-for-like). This performance reflects the success of the Beyond Fuel strategy in both Europe and Latin America  notably driven by the attractiveness of maintenance and toll solutions. In February 2022 as part of this strategy  Edenred acquired Greenpass  an issuer of electronic toll solutions in Brazil  with the aim of accelerating its development in a fast-growing market with significant cross-selling potential. The business line also benefited from strong commercial momentum in the underpenetrated SME segment  reporting a 21% increase in the number of new contracts signed over the year  driven by the relevance of the Group’s digital  multi-product offering. During the year Edenred also expanded its solutions for fleet managers  joining forces with ChargePoint  a leading electric vehicle charging network provider in Europe and the United States. Thanks to this partnership  UTA Edenred can support fleet managers in the transition to electric vehicle usage by giving them access to over 400 000 public electric charge points across 33 European countries through an all-in-one solution. In the fourth quarter  Fleet & Mobility Solutions operating revenue came to €144 million  up 26.2% as reported (+22.4% like-for-like) compared with 2021. Complementary Solutions  which includes Corporate Payment Services  Incentive & Rewards and Public Social Programs  generated operating revenue of €253 million in 2022  representing 13% of the Group total. This business line grew by 21.6% year-on-year as reported (+16.9% like-for-like). This performance reflects good commercial dynamism in Corporate Payment Services in North America operated through Edenred CSI  spurred by new contract wins in segments into which the company has recently expanded  such as property management. In addition  Edenred CSI rounded out its corporate payment offering in the United States in October 2022 with the acquisition of IPS  a leader in invoice automation. Complementary Solutions’ performance also reflects the continued success of the Group’s innovative programs  such as Benefit Xpress in Taiwan and the new value-added services accessible via the C3Pay mobile app in the United Arab Emirates. In the fourth quarter  Complementary Solutions delivered operating revenue of €77 million  a rise of 26.5% as reported (+18.1% like-for-like) versus 2021 despite a high basis of comparison. Operating revenue by region(in € millions) 2022 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 1 189 1 010 +17.7% +17.7% Latin America 603 452 +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the World 152 121 +25.2% +32.7% Total 1 944 1 583 +22.8% +19.2%(in € millions) Fourth-quarter 2022 Fourth-quarter 2021 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 355 294 +20.7% +21.1% Latin America 172 128 +34.3% +20.5% Rest of the World 42 31 +38.1% +40.5% Total 569 454 +25.8% +22.3% In Europe   operating revenue amounted to €1 189 million in 2022  an increase of 17.7% both as reported and like-for-like. Europe represented 61% of Group operating revenue. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue was up 20.7% as reported and 21.1% like-for-like. In France  operating revenue amounted to €315 million in 2022  an increase of 10.2% as reported and like-for-like  including growth of 9.8% in the fourth quarter. Fourth-quarter growth was driven by an acceleration in Employee Benefits solutions  as the digital Ticket Restaurant® benefit continued to attract many clients among large corporate accounts and SMEs. Performance was also fueled by the success of Beyond Food solutions and particularly the employee engagement platform ProwebCE  the leading solution for works councils in France  with 13 000 clients and nearly 7 million employees able to access deals from 2 000 partners. This strong momentum was further enhanced by the acquisition of Enjoy Mon CSE in September 2022. Operating revenue in Europe excluding France totaled €874 million in 2022  up 20.7% as reported and like-for-like. Fourth-quarter operating revenue for the region rose by 25.3% as reported (+25.7% like-for-like)  lifted in particular by a very good performance in Employee Benefits. This is the result of the strong traction enjoyed by the digital Ticket Restaurant® offering. It also reflects the enhanced attractiveness of Beyond Food solutions  illustrated by the success of the multi-benefit  single-card offering developed in several countries (including Belgium  Portugal and Finland) and the end-of-year gift card campaign.The region’s performance also reflects robust growth in Edenred’s Fleet & Mobility Solutions thanks to the continued deployment of its Beyond Fuel strategy  as well as its agility in adapting to the changing needs of its clients  as illustrated by the new partnership with Chargepoint in April 2022. Operating revenue amounted to €603 million in Latin America in 2022  up 33.6% as reported (+18.7% like-for-like). The region accounted for 31% of consolidated operating revenue in 2022. In the fourth quarter  operating revenue increased by 34.3% as reported (+20.5% like-for-like). In Brazil  operating revenue rose by 16.7% like-for-like in 2022 versus 2021. Fourth-quarter operating revenue climbed 16.5% like-for-like. This robust growth reflects a very good performance in Employee Benefits spurred by the success of the Ticket Superflex multi-benefit offering and the growing contribution of the Itaú partnership in the SME segment. Performance was also driven by Fleet & Mobility Solutions  thanks to strong business momentum in the SME segment and the ongoing success of the Beyond Fuel strategy  with maintenance and toll solutions continuing to prove extremely popular with fleet managers. In Hispanic Latin America  operating revenue climbed 23.0% like-for-like in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue advanced 29.0% like-for-like  reflecting both accelerating growth in Employee Benefits solutions and another good performance from Fleet & Mobility Solutions. In the Rest of the World   operating revenue amounted to €152 million  up 25.2% as reported and up 32.7% like-for-like over the period. This very good performance was notably driven by robust business momentum for Edenred CSI’s Corporate Payment Services  illustrated by the 38% year-on-year increase in virtual cards issued in 2022. Fourth-quarter operating revenue rose by 38.1% as reported (+40.5% like-for-like). Other revenue: €87 million Other revenue represented €87 million in 2022  a rise of 96.1% as reported (+95.5% like-for-like). In the fourth quarter  other revenue totaled €33 million  up 172.0% as reported (+174.9% like-for-like). This significant increase reflects the impact of business growth on the float4  as well as favorable changes in interest rates in all regions where the Group operates  with a gradual acceleration quarter after quarter. This results from the steady rise in interest rates observed for several quarters now in Latin America and Europe (outside the euro zone)  and from the more recent increase in the euro zone. Record EBITDA: €836 million EBITDA came in at an all-time high of €836 million in 2022  [at the top end of the range announced in October 20225]  delivering record growth of 24.9% as reported and of 23.3% like-for-like.The EBITDA margin was 0.7 percentage point higher like-for-like  at 41.2%. Edenred kept a tight rein on operating expenses while accelerating spending on innovation and technology to fuel its future growth  illustrating its operating leverage. Edenred also benefited from the contribution of other revenue. Net profit: €386 million Net profit  Group share came in at €386 million  up 23.3% in line with the growth in EBITDA.Net profit takes into account other income and expenses for a net expense of €30 million (versus a net expense of €33 million in 2021)  a net financial expense of €54 million (versus €19 million in 2021)6  a net income tax expense of €188 million (versus €151 million in 2021)  and €(31) million attributable to non-controlling interests (versus €(30) million in 2021). Strong cash flow generation Edenred leveraged its strongly cash generative business model to deliver record-high funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) of €673 million in 2022  up 21% as reported. In 2022  Edenred continued to invest in its platform to fuel the Group’s sustainable and profitable growth and lengthen its technology lead. Capital expenditure in 2022 amounted to €151 million  or 7.4% of Group total revenue  in line with the 7%-8% expected under the Beyond 22-25 plan. In all  free cash flow was a record €881 million in 2022  lifted by the increase in the float – notably due to the good fourth-quarter performance – and by the positive impact of regulatory changes affecting the Ticket City product in Germany  for which the related cash was considered as restricted until January 1  2022. Excluding the one-off impact of this change in regulations  free cash flow would have amounted to €711 million for 2022  compared with €518 million for 2021  with a free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate of 85% versus 77% in the previous year. Even stronger financial positionAt December 31  2022  Edenred had net debt of €307 million  versus €816 million at December 31  2021. This sharp year-on-year decrease in net debt notably reflects free cash flow generation of €881 million over 2022  €240 million returned to shareholders  and a €43 million negative impact from currency effects and non-recurring items.The Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio therefore stood at 0.4x in 2022  versus 1.2x in 2021.Edenred enjoys a robust financial position with a high level of liquidity and a solid balance sheet. In April 2022  Standard & Poor’s affirmed the Group’s BBB+ Strong Investment Grade rating and upgraded its outlook from stable to positive. The cost of the Group’s debt was 2.2% in 2022 versus 0.7% in the prior year  a rise of 1.5 percentage points notably due to higher interest rates in the euro zone. Commitment to ESG and extra-financial performanceThroughout 2022  Edenred continued to implement its corporate social responsibility policy  “Ideal”  which is aimed at improving quality of life (People)  protecting the environment (Planet) and creating value ethically and responsibly (Progress). The Group exceeded its extra-financial objectives for 2022. Under the People component  for example  33% of executive positions are now held by women (2 points above target). Regarding its Planet goals  greenhouse gas emissions intensity has been reduced by 51% since 2013 (compared with the 36% target). Lastly  regarding the Progress pillar  58% of users and merchants have now been made aware of balanced nutrition and food waste (against a target of 52%). Moreover  the Group is increasingly recognized for its commitment to environmental  social and governance (ESG) practices. In September 2022  for example  Edenred joined the Paris stock exchange’s Euronext CAC 40 ESG index  taking its place alongside other companies demonstrating ESG best practices. Over the long term  Edenred confirms that it will step up its ESG commitments  as announced at its Capital Markets Day in October 2022. At this event  the Group placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  committing to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets7 and stepping up the objectives of its “Ideal” CSR policy  with the aim of cementing its status as an employer of choice and a trustworthy Tech for Good company through its solutions that encourage more virtuous and responsible behaviors. €1.00 dividend proposed for 2022Edenred is proposing a dividend of €1.00 per share for 2022  representing an 11% increase compared with the prior year  in line with the Group’s policy of progressive dividend growth. This dividend will be submitted to shareholders for approval at Edenred’s Combined General Meeting on May 11  2023. Payment of the dividend will be made solely in cash. Dividend payment schedule: June 7  2023: Ex-date.June 8  2023: Record date.June 9  2023: Dividend payment date.OUTLOOK On the strength of its record-breaking 2022 performance  the Group is confident as it moves into 2023  and expects to see continued strong business growth in all regions and all business lines.2023 will continue to be shaped by structural trends such as changes in the working world and the start of a new era of mobility coupled with global ecosystem digitization. Against this backdrop  the Group will push ahead with scaling its unique platform advantage  deploying its Beyond 22-25 strategic plan with three priorities: Scale the Core: grow further in its existing markets  which are still largely underpenetrated  notably by capitalizing on a segmented go-to-market strategy  and cross-selling and up-selling in its client portfolio;Extend Beyond: accelerate the Beyond Food  Beyond Fuel and Beyond Payment strategies by launching and deploying more value-added services for its clients  partner merchants and users;Expand in New Businesses: expand into promising new geographies.While the economic environment remains relatively uncertain  Edenred continues to benefit from the increased attractiveness of its solutions amid reduced purchasing power  a talent war  and the need for better control of fleet expenses. Boasting low leverage and high cash flow generation  Edenred will continue to invest in order to strengthen its technology leadership and fuel its innovation strategy. Edenred also plans to seize external growth opportunities to support the three development priorities of its Beyond 22 - 25 plan in each of its business lines  boosted by more than €2 billion in M&A fire power. Lastly  Edenred confirms the targets set out in its new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan for 2023  namely: Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%8 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE FOURTH QUARTER Edenred expands its Corporate Payment invoice automation capabilities in the US  with the acquisition of IPS Edenred announced the acquisition of IPS  a leading invoice automation vendor  through its corporate payment subsidiary Edenred CSI. This acquisition enhances Edenred CSI’s value proposition by expanding along the procure-to-pay value chain and integrating a turnkey invoice automation solution into its digital platform.By combining suppliers’ invoice processing and payment automation  Edenred CSI clients will have access to an end-to-end integrated solution that further simplifies and streamlines the management of the entire accounts payable process. Edenred presents Beyond 22-25   its new strategic plan through 2025  to coincide with its Capital Markets Day on October 25  2022 In an environment shaped by accelerating new structural trends such as changes in the working world  a new era of mobility and global ecosystem digitization  Edenred aims to become the global platform of choice at work in larger markets.Edenred operates in markets that are still largely underpenetrated and that therefore harbor considerable growth opportunities  reinforced by widespread adoption of new behaviors. Against this backdrop  the Group intends to leverage to the full its unique global platform advantage by developing a common approach in each of its business lines based on three priorities: Scale the Core  Extend Beyond and Expand in New Businesses. The Beyond 22-25 strategic plan will drive sustainable and profitable growth and generate high levels of free cash flow over the 2022-2025 period. Edenred has also placed ESG at the heart of its Beyond 22-25 plan  announcing an acceleration in its extra-financial commitments  including a commitment to net zero carbon by 2050 in line with SBTi targets. Edenred acquires a stake in Betterway to accelerate the development of sustainable corporate mobilityEdenred announced that it had acquired a €4 million stake in Betterway  a pioneer in corporate mobility passes. The two companies had been business partners since September 2022. This new alliance will consolidate their strategic vision. By contributing to Betterway’s development  Edenred is strengthening its leadership position in the employee benefits market. The joint Edenred-Betterway mobility offering will provide the Group’s clients with the most comprehensive and innovative solution on the French market.UPCOMING EVENTS April 20  2023: First-quarter 2023 revenueMay 11  2023: General MeetingJuly 25  2023: First-half 2023 resultsOctober 19  2023: Third-quarter 2023 revenue ▬▬ About Edenred Edenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients. Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards). True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility. Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day. In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards. Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe. The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners. ▬▬ CONTACTS Communications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73 baptiste.fournier@edenred.comAPPENDICES Glossary and list of references neededfor a proper understanding of financial information a) Main termsLike-for-like  impact of changes in the scope of consolidation  currency effect:Like-for-like or organic growth corresponds to comparable growth  i.e.  growth at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation. This indicator reflects the Group’s business performance. Changes in activity (like-for-like or organic growth) represent changes in amounts between the current period and the comparative period  adjusted for currency effects and for the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals. The impact of acquisitions is eliminated from the amount reported for the current period. The impact of disposals is eliminated from the amount reported for the comparative period. The sum of these two amounts is known as the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation or the scope effect. The calculation of changes in activity is translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period and divided by the adjusted amount for the comparative period. The currency effect is the difference between the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate for the reported period and the amount for the reported period translated at the exchange rate applicable in the comparative period. Business volume:Business volume comprises total issue volume of Employee Benefits  Incentive and Rewards  Public Social Program solutions and Corporate Payment Services  plus the transaction volume of Fleet & Mobility Solutions and other solutions. Issue volume:Issue volume is the total face value of the funds preloaded on all of the payment solutions issued by Edenred to its corporate and public sector clients. Transaction volume:Transaction volume represents the total value of the transactions paid for with payment instruments  at the time of the transaction. b) Alternative performance measurement indicators included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportThe alternative performance measurement indicators outlined below are presented and reconciled with accounting data in the Annual Financial Report. Indicator Reference note in Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Operating revenueOperating revenue corresponds to:operating revenue generated by prepaid vouchers managed by Edenred and operating revenue from value-added services such as incentive programs  human services and event-related services.It corresponds to the amount billed to the client company and is recognized on delivery of the solutions. Other revenueOther revenue is interest generated by investing cash over the period between:the issue date and the reimbursement date for vouchers and the loading date and the redeeming date for cards. The interest represents a component of operating revenue and as such is included in the determination of total revenue.EBITDAThis aggregate corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses.It is used as the benchmark for determining senior management and other executive compensation as it reflects the economic performance of the business.EBITThis aggregate is the ""Operating profit before other income and expenses""  which corresponds to total revenue (operating revenue and other revenue) less operating expenses  depreciation  amortization (mainly intangible assets  internally generated or acquired assets) and non-operating provisions.EBIT excludes the net profit from equity-accounted companies and excludes the other income and expenses booked in the “Operating profit including share of net profit from equity-accounted companies”.Other income and expenses See Note 10.1 of consolidated financial statements Funds from operations (FFO) See consolidated statement of cash flows (Part 1.4) c) Alternative performance measurement indicators not included in the December 31  2022 Financial ReportIndicator Definitions and reconciliations with Edenred’s 2022 condensed consolidated financial statements Free cash flow Free cash flow corresponds to cash generated by operating activities less investments in intangible assets and property  plant and equipment.Operating revenue Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 270 237 281 238 283 241 355 294 1 189 1 010 France 76 69 74 66 71 65 94 86 315 286 Rest of Europe 194 168 207 172 212 176 261 208 874 724 Latin America 123 97 148 107 161 120 172 128 603 452 Rest of the world 33 29 36 28 40 33 42 31 152 121 Total 426 363 465 373 484 393 569 454 1 944 1 583 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +13.8% +13.4% +18.1% +18.0% +17.5% +17.6% +20.7% +21.1% +17.7% +17.7% France +10.3% +10.3% +12.2% +12.2% +8.7% +8.7% +9.8% +9.8% +10.2% +10.2% Rest of Europe +15.3% +14.8% +16.9% +16.8% +24.3% +24.4% +25.3% +25.7% +20.7% +20.7% Latin America +26.5% +16.5% +38.0% +17.2% +34.6% +19.9% +34.3% +20.5% +33.6% +18.7% Rest of the world +14.3% +26.0% +26.9% +36.7% +21.1% +27.7% +38.1% +40.5% +25.2% +32.7% Total +17.3% +15.3% +24.5% +19.2% +23.0% +19.1% +25.8% +22.3% +22.8% +19.2% Other revenue Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn € millions2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 5 3 6 3 9 3 17 5 37 14 France 2 1 1 1 1 1 3 3 7 6 Rest of Europe 3 2 5 2 8 2 14 2 30 8 Latin America 7 6 10 6 11 6 14 7 42 25 Rest of the world 1 1 2 1 2 1 3 2 8 5 Total 13 10 18 10 23 11 33 13 87 44 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +40.5% +39.1% +89.8% +88.9% +165.4% +165.3% +342.8% +344.8% +166.8% +166.8% France +5.6% +5.6% -2.0% -2.0% +4.0% +4.0% +70.5% +70.5% +20.0% +20.0% Rest of Europe +66.0% +63.5% +159.5% +158.0% +281.4% +281.2% +511.2% +514.4% +269.7% +269.7% Latin America +33.5% +22.8% +71.1% +44.1% +74.7% +54.0% +80.0% +63.4% +66.3% +47.6% Rest of the world -18.9% +35.3% +10.1% +78.4% +60.0% +149.1% +185.2% +334.8% +50.3% +136.4% Total +28.9% +29.7% +69.1% +63.0% +100.1% +99.7% +172.0% +174.9% +96.1% +95.5% Total revenue Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY In € millions 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Europe 275 240 287 241 292 244 372 299 1 226 1 024 France 78 70 75 67 72 67 97 88 322 292 Rest of Europe 197 170 212 174 220 178 275 210 904 732 Latin America 130 103 158 113 172 126 186 135 645 477 Rest of the world 34 30 38 30 42 34 45 32 160 126 Total 439 373 482 384 506 405 603 465 2 031 1 627 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYIn %Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Change reported Change L/L Europe +14.2% +13.8% +19.1% +19.0% +19.6% +19.6% +24.9% +25.3% +19.7% +19.7% France +10.2% +10.2% +11.9% +11.9% +8.6% +8.6% +10.8% +10.8% +10.4% +10.4% Rest of Europe +15.9% +15.3% +18.4% +18.3% +27.3% +27.4% +30.7% +31.3% +23.5% +23.5% Latin America +26.9% +16.8% +39.6% +18.6% +36.7% +21.7% +36.8% +22.9% +35.3% +20.2% Rest of the world +12.9% +26.5% +26.1% +38.6% +22.8% +32.9% +42.6% +49.4% +26.3% +36.9% Total +17.6% +15.7% +25.7% +20.4% +25.2% +21.4% +29.6% +26.3% +24.8% +21.2% EBITDA et EBIT In € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 536 426 +26.1% +26.0% France 117 107 +9.7% +9.7% Rest of Europe 419 319 +31.6% +31.5% Latin America 276 209 +32.1% +17.8% Rest of the world 38 33 +14.5% +38.9% Others (14) 2 N/A N/A EBITDA 836 670 +24.9% +23.3%In € millions20222021Change reportedChange L/LEurope 458 354 +29.5% +29.5% France 93 85 +9.3% +9.3% Rest of Europe 365 269 +35.9% +35.9% Latin America 232 174 +33.3% +20.3% Rest of the world 21 18 +19.4% +66.0% Others (24) (8) N/A N/A EBIT 687 538 +27.7% +27.1% Summarized balance sheet In € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021In € millions Dec. 2022Dec. 2021ASSETS LIABILITIES Goodwill 1 605 1 506 Total equity (613) (869) Intangible assets 738 677 Property  plant & equipment 157 156 Gross debt and other financial liabilities 3 341 3 538 Investments in associates 67 67 Provisions and deferred tax 168 185 Other non-current assets 164 178 Float (Trade receivables  net) 1 562 1 322 Vouchers in circulation (Float) 5 840 5 258 Working capital excl. float (assets) 1 731 1 267 Working capital excl. float (liabilities) 2 438 2 211 Restricted cash 2 120 2 428 Cash & cash equivalents and other current financial assets 3 030 2 722 TOTAL ASSETS 11 174 10 323 TOTAL LIABILITIES 11 174 10 323 Dec. 2022 Dec. 2021 Total working capital 4 985 4 880 Of which float: 4 278 3 936 From Net profit  Group share to Free Cash Flows In € millions 2022 2021 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 386 313 Non-controlling interests 31 30 Dividends received from equity-accounted companies 10 14 Difference between income tax paid and income tax expense 26 16 Non-cash impact from other income and expenses 220 183 = Funds from operations before other income and expenses (FFO) 673 556 Decrease (Increase) in working capital 11 84 (145) Recurring decrease (Increase) in restricted cash 275 221 = Net cash from (used in) operating activities 1 032 632 - Recurring capital expenditure (151) (114) = Free cash flows (FCF) 881 (9) 518(10)1 To be proposed at the General Meeting of May 11  2023.2 Based on constant regulations and methods.3 Turkey is now qualified as a hyperinflationary economy. The Group has therefore applied IAS 29 – Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies to its operations in this country since January 1  2022. 4 The float corresponds to a portion of the operating working capital from the preloading of funds by corporate clients.5 In October 2022  the Group upgraded its EBITDA outlook to between €810 million and €840 million  compared with a target range of between €770 million and €810 million announced in July 2022.6 Net financial expense in 2022 takes into account the negative impact of exchange rates and of hyperinflation in Argentina and Turkey. In 2021  net financial expense included the increase in the fair value of Edenred’s investments in the Partech funds.7 For scopes 1  2 and 3a.8 Based on constant regulations and methods.9 Including a one-off positive impact of €170 million from the change in regulations in Germany in 2022. 10 Including payment of the €157 million fine issued by France’s antitrust authority. Attachment 2023 02 02 - Edenred Results FY 2022 - CP ENG vDEFAll news about EDENRED SE 02/21 Global markets live: Airbus  Walmart  Meta  Home Depot... 02/21 Edenred : Decisions of February 20  2023 PU 02/21 Edenred profits beat forecasts as employers boost staff benefits RE 02/21 Transcript : Edenred SA  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 21  2023 CI 02/21 French voucher provider Edenred beats full-year profit estimate RE 02/21 2022 Annual Results : Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25.. GL 02/21 2022 Annual Results : Edenred's results break new records  driven by top line growth of 25.. GL 02/08 Edenred : Déclaration du nombre d'actions et de droits de vote au 31 janvier 2023 PU 01/25 Edenred : Diane Coliche is appointed Chief Operating Officer of Edenred's Fleet & Mobility.. PU 01/19 Edenred : Betterway raises 4 million in funding from Edenred to accelerate the developmen.. PU Analyst Recommendations on EDENRED SE 2021 Analyst recommendations: Casey's  D.R. Horton  Microsoft  Unilev.. 2021 Analyst recommendations: Apple  Aviva  Biogen  Comerica Incorpor.. 2012 Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners  S.A.S.  Iris Capital  Edenred SA and Patrice .. CIFinancials EUR USD Sales 2022 1 983 M 2 109 M 2 109 M Net income 2022 401 M 426 M 426 M Net Debt 2022 483 M 513 M 513 M P/E ratio 2022 33 8x Yield 2022 1 88% Capitalization 13 348 M 14 190 M 14 190 M EV / Sales 2022 6 97x EV / Sales 2023 5 96x Nbr of Employees 8 984 Free-Float 99 4% Chart EDENRED SE Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends EDENRED SE Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus BUY Number of Analysts 15 Last Close Price 53 56 € Average target price 59 18 € Spread / Average Target 10 5% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Bertrand Dumazy Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Julien Tanguy Executive Vice President-Finance Dave Ubachs Executive Vice President-Global Technology Jean-Romain Arnauld Lhomme Independent Director Maëlle Gavet Independent Director Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) EDENRED SE 4.09% 14 084",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.14,0.22,True,English,"['top line growth', 'new records', '2022 annual results', 'Edenred', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG index', 'future external growth opportunities', 'strong top line growth', 'strong business volume growth', 'multiple email addresses', 'higher interest rates', 'Free cash flow', 'Industry-leading ESG ratings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'reduced purchasing power', 'strong business momentum', '22-25 strategic plan', 'three business lines', 'first nine months', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'corporate payment efficiency', '2022 key financial metrics', 'employees’ purchasing power', 'new client wins', 'EBITDA conversion rate', 'favorable 3.6% currency effect', 'relevant, user-friendly solutions', 'Beyond 22-25 plan', 'ESG commitments', 'profitable growth', 'innovation momentum', '0.0% scope effect', 'EBITDA growth', 'financial performance', 'Net profit', 'Payment strategies', 'financial statements', '22-25 targets', 'new records', 'First name', 'fourth quarter', 'Further penetration', 'SME segment', 'Increased use', 'Ticket Restaurant ®', 'employee engagement', 'digital maintenance', 'Further investments', 'Bertrand Dumazy', '€2 billion mark', 'unwavering commitment', 'good performance', 'extra-financial goals', 'world leader', 'sustained investments', 'work practices', 'fleet electrification', 'new partnerships', 'platform advantage', 'growing number', 'scope effects', 'Total revenue', 'Other revenue', 'Operating revenue', 'EBITDA margin', 'toll solutions', 'funds solutions', 'concrete solutions', 'technology investments', 'extra-financial targets', 'technology leadership', '2022 annual results', 'Further acceleration', 'existing markets', 'Fuel offering', 'year increase', 'Food solutions', 'Edenred platform', 'Group share', 'Edenred solutions', '22.3% growth', '10,000 employees', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'mobility', 'success', '0.4x', 'Deployment', 'implementation', 'efficient', 'Chairman', 'progress', 'rewards', 'multitude', 'areas', 'security', 'portfolio', 'ability', 'prospects', 'sustainable', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'millions', '2021 % change', 'basis', '2023']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-FY-2022-annual-results-43037305/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Worldline - FY 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com)  2022 results Solid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of revenue  +110 bpsFree cash flow: € 520 million  45.9% OMDA conversion Strategic roadmap in…,Worldline - FY 2022 annual results 02/21/2023 | 01:00am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields 2022 results Solid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of revenue  +110 bpsFree cash flow: € 520 million  45.9% OMDA conversion Strategic roadmap in motionSteady commercial successes and new merchant gainsCompletion of the sale of TSS activities reinforcing Worldline flexibilityExpansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies and verticals 2023 objectives18% to 10% organic revenue growthAbove 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma46% to 48% OMDA conversion to FCF Paris  La Défense  February 21  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announces its 2022 annual results. Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “In 2022  while facing significant and unpredictable global and geopolitical headwinds  Worldline reached or exceeded all its objectives for the year. Our particularly strong revenue growth and commercial momentum clearly demonstrate the full benefit of Ingenico combination  despite us being only half-way through our four-year integration plan. It also highlights improvement of our profitability rate and solid free cash flow generation  despite the inflationary environment. In parallel to this strong operational performance  we executed our strategic roadmap with the disposal of TSS  simplifying our group structure and significantly deleveraging our balance sheet. We also continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and to expand our Merchant Services business in attractive geographies. In line with our product strategy  we further enriched the Worldline value proposition through targeted acquisitions of technological companies on the marketplaces vertical and the micro-merchant segment. Last  but not least  supported by our Trust 2025 program  we continued to make significant progress towards our 2025 targets in all CSR dimensions as is also reflected by tier-one external recognitions and ratings. Based on this strong 2022 year  the Group reaffirms its 2024 ambition as well as its strategic project to establish itself as a premium global Paytech and the leading consolidator of the European payment industry.” 2022 key figures Worldline’s FY 2022 revenue reached € 4 364 million  representing a strong +10.7% revenue organic growth  above the objective to reach 8% to 10% revenue organic growth in 2022. This achievement was reached by a solid growth in Merchant Services reflecting the widespread and rapid shift towards digital payments as well as the Group’s strong positioning following the acquisition of Ingenico. The Global Business Unit represented 70% of the total Group revenue in 2022. Mobility & e-Transactional Services (8% of 2022 Group revenue) also contributed to growth  delivering a strong +7.3% organic growth over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. Financial Services (22% of 2022 Group revenue) were up by +2.5% in 2022 with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens end of 2021. Reaching € 1 133 million in 2022  the Group’s Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) was up by +15.7% at constant scope and exchange rates in 2022. It represented 26.0% of revenue  an organic improvement by +110 basis points  in line with the objective of the year. In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Change Revenue* 4 364 3 942 +10.7% OMDA* 1 133 979 +15.7% % of revenue 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps Net income Group share 299 -751 Net income Group share from continued operations 211 191 +10.3% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 4.8% 5.2% -40 bps Normalized net income Group share from continued operations 545 440 +23.8% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 12.5% 11.9% +60 bps Normalized basic EPS Group share from continued operations 1.94 1.57 +23.4% Normalized diluted EPS Group share from continued operations 1.88 1.53 +22.9% Free cash flow 520 414 +25.5% OMDA to FCF conversion rate** 45.9% 44.3% +150 bps Closing net debt 2 202 3 126 * at constant scope and exchange rates** FY 2021 conversion rate calculated on FY 2021 statutory OMDA from continued operations Net income Group share from continued operations amounted to € 211 million  increasing by +10.3%. Normalized net income Group share (excluding unusual and infrequent items  net of tax) reached € 545 million  increasing by +23.8%. Normalized basic EPS was up +23.4% to € 1.94 in 2022 compared to € 1.57 in 2021. On a dilutive basis  it was up +22.9% to € 1.88. Free cash flow reached € 520 million in 2022  up by +25.5% compared to 2021  representing a 45.9% cash conversion of OMDA (free cash flow divided by OMDA)  above the objective of the year to reach circa 45%. Group Net debt amounted to € 2 202 million at the end of the year  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.9x OMDA. Decrease of Group net debt in 2022 resulted from the free cash flow generated over the year  the cash-in of c. € 1.1 billion net proceeds of the TSS disposal as well as the cash-out for the acquisitions closed in 2022. Including the additional € 297 million net proceeds of the TSS disposal received on January 1st  2023 as announced  the proforma net debt end of 2022 would be € 1 905 million  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.7x OMDA. Q4 2022 revenue by Global Business Line In € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 835 757 +10.3% Financial Services 260 252 +2.9% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 92 86 +7.0% Worldline 1 186 1 095 +8.3% * at constant scope and exchange rates Worldline’s Q4 2022 revenue reached € 1 186 million  representing a +8.3% organic growth. This achievement was notably reached thanks to the strong commercial dynamics in Merchant Services which posted a +10.3% revenue organic growth  fueled by market share gains and volumes growth. Mobility & e-Transactional Services also contributed to growth with a positive underlying trend reflected in a +7.0% organic growth rate. Financial Services showed  as expected  a sequential improvement compared to Q3 2022 with +2.9% organic growth. Merchant Services Merchant Services’ revenue in Q4 2022 reached € 835 million  representing a solid organic growth of +10.3%  led by a strong commercial momentum and a steady growth in acquiring transaction volumes  up +13% year-on-year (+28% vs. Q4 2019). By division  the growth was mainly led by: Commercial Acquiring showed a high-teens organic growth with almost all geographies and customer segments contributing  in particular SMBs and international brands;Payment Acceptance grew at a low single digit rate  led by Global Sales & Vertical and digital customers with the recovery from the Travel vertical partly compensating for the stop of the Russian online corridor. Excluding this effect  Payment Acceptance activities would have been up low teens organically in Q4 2022; and Digital Services delivered a low single digit organic growth rate with a strong performance at PAYONE compensating for delay in the roll-out of digital products in the digital healthcare market in Germany.During the fourth quarter of the year  commercial activity in Merchant Services has been strong with numerous wins for both Commercial Acquiring and Payment Acceptance  in-store and online with new client wins and upsells with clients such as  among others  Wizz  Voidu  Rebtel  WEAT  Système U  Joom  Club Med  or Olimpia Parking. Financial Services Q4 2022 was still partially impacted by the price decrease on the large contracts with former Equens’ shareholders. Nevertheless  Financial Services performance was in line with the trajectory expected for the full year and showed sequential improvement versus Q3 2022. The continued improving trend of volumes and new commercial developments led to a +2.9% organic growth with € 260 million revenue. All divisions contributed to the organic growth: Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) organic growth benefited from a reduced effect of the price decrease on large contracts and was driven by good dynamics and improved transaction volumes in Belgium  the Netherlands and in the DACH area  which more than offset the performance in Germany impacted by a high comparable basis;Account Payments organic growth came from volume increase in Germany as well as good level of activities in the Netherlands compensating for volumes stabilization and less project on large contracts now in run phase;Digital Banking positive trend was driven by solid volumes and project activity in Belgium as well as in the DACH region. The situation in France was more contrasted as the increase of authentications volumes related to e-commerce transactions was less pronounced than for previous quarters.In Q4 2022  the commercial activity in Financial Services was marked in particular by the renewal and extension of a partnership with the Dutch international bank ING. Following the signature of this a multi-year deal  Worldline handles debit and credit card issuing and processing for ING in the Netherlands  Belgium and Germany. Relying on its technology and know-how  Worldline helps ING focus on its core expertise  ultimately supporting the bank’s growth ambitions. By partnering with Worldline  ING can rely on top-quality cards issuing services backed by state-of-the-art technology  lower operation costs and best-in-class capabilities. This allows ING to provide its customers an enhanced range of issuing solutions that are fully compliant with all regulations  on a local and global level. Mobility & e-Transactional Services Revenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 92 million in Q4 2022  up +7.0% organically  with positive underlying growth on a high comparison basis  led by high project activity with existing and new customers and increasing transactional revenue. The performance by division was as follow: Trusted Digitization: High single digit growth driven by new projects signed and increased volumes in France in particular and in Germany to a lesser extent;e-Ticketing: Double digit growth fueled by increased volumes in transportation coupled with several development projects  notably for the new smart ticketing solution in the UK  and in France;e-Consumer & Mobility: Low growth with increasing project such as the supply of a call center solution for the CNAF (Caisse Nationale des Allocations Familiales) and volumes increase with clients such as EDF or France Televisions offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator.Commercial activity in Mobility & e-Transactional Services was particularly strong in Q4 2022 with numerous wins such as with the West of England Combined Authority which appointed Worldline to develop and operate the region’s customer focused Mobility as a Service (MaaS) solution  while Compañía Española de Petróleos and Worldline have reached an agreement to renew their contractual relationship until 2024 for the maintenance of the Payment Means Applications. 2022 performance per Global Business Line Revenue OMDA OMDA % In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 3 041 2 667 +14.0% 869 672 +29.4% 28.6% 25.2% +340 bps Financial Services 958 935 +2.5% 272 296 -8.0% 28.4% 31.6% -320 bps Mobility & e-Transactional Services 365 340 +7.3% 53 51 +4.9% 14.5% 14.9% -30 bps Corporate costs -61 -39 +57.9% -1.4% -1.0% -40 bps Worldline 4 364 3 942 +10.7% 1 133 979 +15.7% 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps * at constant scope and exchange rates Merchant Services Benefiting of the steady growth of acquiring MSV acceleration and new merchants gained  Merchant Services’ revenue in 2022 reached € 3 041 million  representing an organic growth by +14.0%. Commercial Acquiring showed a strong double-digit growth in almost all geographies and customer segments with strong dynamics and a good cash-to-card conversion trend. Despite the impact of the stop of the Russian online corridor  Payment Acceptance also contributed to the growth of Merchant Services with a mid-single digit organic growth with strong volumes for SMBs and large retailers in all geographies and more particular in Germany with PAYONE  as well as strong volumes related to the recovery of the travel industry benefiting to Digital Commerce. Finally  Digital Services mid to high single digit growth was led by a strong recovery in Germany compensating as anticipated some limited delays in POS supply. Merchant Services performance reflects a very strong development of market positions all along the year  notably in commercial acquiring  as illustrated by the following business KPI: In 2022  Worldline’s acquiring merchant base experienced a steady growth with c. 85 000 new merchants onboarded on its platform over the year  led by a strong dynamic in both instore (c. +9%) and online merchants count (c. +15%). Reaching 1.25 million merchants as of end of 2022 (excluding recent acquisitions)  it represents an increase of 200k net merchants compared to the end of December 2020.Worldline’s acquiring MSV in 2022 reached c. € 320 billion1  up +22% versus 2021 and up +29% versus 2019. This performance has been fueled by market share gains in both instore (MSV c. +21% vs. 2021) and online (c. +27% vs. 2021). Merchant Services’ OMDA in 2022 amounted to € 869 million  28.6% of revenue  representing an improvement by +340 basis points. It was positively supported by the strong revenue performance and by the synergies from Ingenico integration program which is materializing as per plan. Financial Services Financial Services revenue reached € 958 million in 2022 with a +2.5% organic growth over the year with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens in Q4 2021. Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) delivered a soft organic growth with improved volume trends and level of project activities compensating the impact of price concessions of renewed large contracts. Digital Banking posted a low to mid-single digit growth while Accounts Payments delivered a solid high single digit driven by the significant level of project activity and continuous and increasing run volumes recorded in Germany as well as in the Netherlands. Financial Services OMDA reached € 272 million in 2022  representing 28.4% of revenue. The overall profitability of Financial Services remained high despite the renewal of Equens contracts at a lower price and the cost inflation not yet compensated by the full impact of already launched measures in terms of cost base monitoring and workforce management. Mobility & e-Transactional Services Revenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 365 million  up organically by +7.3% over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. e-Ticketing grew at a double-digit rate thanks to higher fare collection coupled with the robust pick-up in the transportation sector in Europe as well as several development projects in the UK and in France. Trusted Digitization also grew at a double-digit rate driven by new projects and improving volumes in France  higher volumes in Tax collection and digital healthcare  and a good momentum both on support and project activity in e-Health and e-Archiving solutions in Germany. Finally  e-Consumer & Mobility was stable year-on-year with increasing projects and volumes just offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator. Mobility & e-Transactional Services’ OMDA reached € 53 million  representing 14.5% of revenue. The Business Line has been able to improve its profitability by € 2 million thanks to the positive business trends and cost optimization plans addressing both fixed and variable costs helping to offset the overall cost inflation. Corporate costs Corporate costs amounted to € 61 million in 2022  representing 1.4% of total Group revenue compared to 1.0% in 2021 at constant scope and exchange rates. This increase reflects the implementation of a new centralized operating model following recent acquisitions. Full execution of the strategic roadmap Successful completion of the sale of TSS activities to Apollo Funds As announced on October 3  2022  Worldline completed the sale of its Terminals  Solutions & Services (“TSS”) business line to Apollo Funds  in line with the contemplated timeline. The proceeds from this disposal allows Worldline to further accelerate its development and anchors the Group’s leadership in payments services. This transaction generated a cash-in of € 1.1 billion  significantly contributing to the deleveraging of the Group. In addition  Worldline remains exposed to the future value creation of Ingenico through the preferred shares for an amount of up to € 0.9 billion. Expansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies through market consolidation In 2022  Worldline continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and expanded the footprint of its Merchant Services Business Line in attractive geographies through the completion of several acquisitions: 80% of Axepta Italy and set-up of a strategic partnership with BNL in Italy to expand Worldline’s Merchant Services in one of the most attractive payment market in Europe with significant growth and synergies opportunities. The long-term commercial partnership with BNL aims at leveraging its strong banking network as a key commercial channel. A robust integration and development program has been implemented to further improve profitability rate through operating leverage and costs efficiency.controlling stake in the commercial acquiring business of ANZ and creation of a 51%-49% joint-venture controlled by Worldline to operate and develop commercial acquiring services in Australia  a highly attractive market for Worldline with favorable dynamics  a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods.Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities  a meaningful card acquirer in the very dynamic Greek market. The transaction includes a long-term commercial partnership with the selling bank  Eurobank  aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute best-in-class payment product and services to physical and online merchants in the country. Finally  following the acquisition of Axepta Italy  the Group announced its project to acquire the merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage the bank’s network  in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy. Enrichment of Worldline value proposition in both instore and online Worldline also significantly enriched its value proposition for both instore and online merchants  notably through the acquisitions of a 40% stake in Online Payment Platform B.V. and of 55% of SoftPos.eu.: Online Payment Platform (OPP) is a Dutch online Payment Service Provider with a dedicated payment solution for marketplaces and platforms and a specific focus in the C2C segment. Perfectly in line with Worldline’s strategic roadmap as it expands its exposure into e-commerce  the transaction enriches the growth profile of Worldline  and enables synergy for both parties involved through Worldline’s sale infrastructure. Worldline  through OPP  is then perfectly positioned to comprehensively target the C2C marketplaces’ need to outsource their payment requirements and to focus on significant growth opportunities in the B2B and B2C marketplaces segments.As part of its strategy to explore new adjacencies through technologies and products acquisitions  Worldline also completed the acquisition of a 55% stake in SoftPos.eu  a fintech that converts Android devices into secure payment terminals  enabling merchants to accept card payments without the need for additional hardware. Based on SoftPos.eu  Worldline launched a new product internationally: Worldline Tap on Mobile. This unique end-to-end solution based on Android application that allows all merchants to accept payments using a smartphone  tablet  or enterprise device through one single tap. The solution is then fully in line with Worldline’s objective to provide payment solutions that are adapted to all forms of commerce and serve the business ambitions of its clients. Refocus of Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America Worldline has completed in Q4 2022 the disposal of its Mobility and e-Transactional services activities in Argentina and Chile to Bizland  a Lapachos Holding company. Lapachos Holding is an Argentinean group  owner and responsible for the management of multiple companies in the telecommunications  finance and retail sectors in Latin America. Worldline trusts Lapachos Holding  as a close player to the local business and its specificities  can provide Worldline’s former activity with the most-suited expertise and support for their development  all that in the best interest of its customers and employees. This disposal will allow Worldline to focus on its core activities as a global payments leader as these divested activities of digital services for transportation  healthcare and public sectors were subscale activities  far from Worldline’s payment services core activities  and without synergies with the Group. 2022 results of the TRUST 2025 Corporate Social Responsibility program To ensure shaping the future of payments while creating sustainable value for all stakeholders  Worldline is committed to reach specific and measurable CSR targets at the horizon of 2025 covering all areas of its business  from people  ethics and the value chain to the environment and the support for local communities. In 2022  significant progress was achieved towards these targets and the Group will soon report its achievement of the 19 KPIs defined as per the Group CSR program Trust 2025. 2023 objectives Revenue organic grow th : +8% to +10%: +8% to +10% OMDA margin : Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma: Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma Free cash flow: 46% to 48% OMDA conversion rate2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation. 2024 Worldline ambition fully reiterated The Group ambitions to deliver: Revenue organic growth : +9% to +11% CAGR 1 over the 2022-2024 period: +9% to +11% CAGR over the 2022-2024 period OMDA margin : above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024: above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024 Free cash flow: circa 50% OMDA conversion rateAppendices Reconciliation of Q4 2021 statutory revenue with Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates For the analysis of the Group’s performance  revenue for Q4 2022 is compared to Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates as presented below per Global Business Lines: In € million Q4 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect Q4 2021* Merchant Services 693 +64.0 -0.3 757 Financial Services 251 -0.0 +1.9 252 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 91 -2.6 -3.2 86 Worldline 1 035 +61.3 -1.7 1 095 * at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange rates Exchanges rates effect in Q4 were mainly due to the Euro depreciation vs the Swiss franc. Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side. Reconciliation of 2021 statutory revenue and OMDA with 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates For the analysis of the Group’s performance  2022 revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) are compared to 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. Reconciliation between 2021 reported revenue and OMDA and 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and foreign exchange rates is presented below per Global Business Lines: In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 2 416 +234.0 +17.0 2 667 Financial Services 927 -0.0 +8.1 935 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 347 -2.6 -4.2 340 Worldline 3 689 +231.3 +20.8 3 942 OMDA In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 629 +41.8 +0.5 672 Financial Services 291 +0.0 +4.6 296 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 52 -0.6 -0.7 51 Corporate costs -39 -0.0 -0.2 -39 Worldline 933 +41.2 +4.3 979 as a % of revenue 25.3% 24.8% * at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange rates In 2022  exchanges rates effect is mainly due to: the Euro depreciation versus the Swiss franc as well as  to a lesser extent  versus the Indian rupee  dollar related currencies (AUD  CAD  SGD  NZD)  and the British pound  andthe Euro appreciation versus the Turkish lira and Swedish krona. Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  Handelsbanken  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side. FY 2022 estimated pro forma For the analysis of the Group’s organic performance  revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) in 2023 will be compared with 2022 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. FY 2022 estimated pro forma is presented below (per Global Business Lines): Estimated proforma revenue Estimated proforma OMDA OMDA% In € million Q1 Q2 H1 Q3 Q4 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 Merchant Services 677 757 1 434 823 829 1 653 3 086 341 506 847 23.8% 30.6% 27.5% Financial Services 222 235 457 241 260 500 958 128 155 283 28.0% 30.9% 29.5% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 85 88 172 81 89 170 343 22 24 46 12.7% 14.1% 13.4% Corporate costs - - - - - - - -32 -29 -61 -1.6% -1.2% -1.4% Worldline 984 1 079 2 063 1 145 1 178 2 323 4 386 459 656 1 115 22.2% 28.2% 25.4% * at December 2022 exchange rates Main components of the estimated scope effect from 2022 reported to estimated 2022 pro forma: ANZ added contribution of 3 months (integrated for 9 months in 2022 reported)Eurobank added contribution of 6 months (integrated for 6 months in 2022 reported)Disposal of Mobility & e-Transactional Services activities in Latin America for 11 months (excluded for 1 month in 2022 reported) Impacts of the disposal of TSSConference call The Management of Worldline invites you to an international conference call on the Group FY 2022 results  on Tuesday  February 21  2023 at 8:00 am (CET). The webcast will be available by following this link . Sell-side analysts wishing to participate to the Q&A session which will take place at the end of the conference need to pre-register through this link in order to receive by email the connection details (dial-in numbers and passcode). After the conference  a replay of the webcast will be available on worldline.com   in the Investors section. Forthcoming events April 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 results October 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContacts Investor Relations Laurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.com Benoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.com Communication Sandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.com Hélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.com About WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in payment services and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2022 Worldline generated a revenue of 4.4 billion euros. worldline.com Worldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.Disclaimer This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342  its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01. Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards. Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States. 1 2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation1 Rolling 3-week average transaction volumes on acquiring activities without any proforma effect from the recent acquisitions1 CAGR: Compound Annualized Growth Rate Attachment Worldline - FY 2022 annual results - Press Release© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about WORLDLINE 09:47a Worldline : Document AMF CP. 2023E885936 PU 02/21 'Fragile' Manufacturing Sector Hits Sentiment as French Bourse Closes in Red MT 02/21 Global markets live: Airbus  Walmart  Meta  Home Depot... 02/21 French Payments Group Worldline Targets Up to 10% Revenue Growth in 2023 MT 02/21 French payment group Worldline beats Q4 growth estimates RE 02/21 Transcript : Worldline SA  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 21  2023 CI 02/21 Worldline - FY 2022 annual results GL 02/21 Worldline SA Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 and Reiterates Earnings Guida.. CI 02/21 Worldline - FY 2022 annual results GL 02/20 Worldline SA Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI Analyst Recommendations on WORLDLINE 2021 WORLDLINE : UBS keeps its Buy rating MD 2021 WORLDLINE : Buy rating from Jefferies MD 2021 Analyst recommandations: AstraZeneca  Comcast  Exxon  Starbucks...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['FY 2022 annual results', 'Worldline', 'solid free cash flow generation', 'The Global Business Unit', 'Net income Group share', 'double-digit organic growth Revenue', 'basic EPS Group share', 'strong +10.7% revenue organic growth', '8% to 10% organic revenue growth', '45.9% OMDA conversion Strategic roadmap', 'Solid guidance execution', 'strong +7.3% organic growth', 'multiple email addresses', 'La Défense', 'four-year integration plan', 'European market consolidation', 'tier-one external recognitions', 'several major projects', 'public transport sector', 'historical large contracts', 'strong operational performance', '10% revenue organic growth', 'premium global Paytech', 'solid revenue flows', 'Steady commercial successes', 'new merchant gains', 'European payment industry', 'strong revenue growth', 'FY 2021 conversion rate', 'Merchant Services business', 'total Group revenue', 'FCF conversion rate', 'Worldline value proposition', 'FY 2022 annual results', 'FY 2021 statutory OMDA', 'OMDA margin improvement', 'solid growth', '45.9% cash conversion', 'net debt', 'organic improvement', 'FY 2022 revenue', '2022 Group revenue', 'strong positioning', 'statutory revenue', 'global leader', 'unpredictable global', 'payment services', '48% OMDA conversion', 'profitability rate', 'strategic project', 'group structure', 'FCF Paris', 'commercial momentum', 'Operating Margin', 'Change Revenue', 'Financial Services', 'strong 2022 year', 'Required fields', 'attractive geographies', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'geopolitical headwinds', 'full benefit', 'inflationary environment', 'balance sheet', 'product strategy', 'targeted acquisitions', 'technological companies', 'micro-merchant segment', 'Trust 2025 program', 'CSR dimensions', 'leading consolidator', '2022 key figures', 'rapid shift', 'digital payments', 'temporary impact', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', '+110 basis points', 'infrequent items', 'dilutive basis', 'First name', 'TSS activities', 'Ingenico combination', 'significant progress', 'Worldline flexibility', 'continued operations', '2022 results', '46% to', 'commas', 'Message', 'motion', 'Completion', 'sale', 'Expansion', 'verticals', '2023 objectives1', '100 bps', 'February', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'CEO', 'parallel', 'disposal', 'marketplaces', '2025 targets', 'ratings', '2024 ambition', 'achievement', 'widespread', 'Mobility', 'recovery', 'price', 'renewals', 'Equens', 'Depreciation', 'Amortization', 'unusual', 'tax', '26.0', '€']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/21/2611715/0/en/Worldline-FY-2022-annual-results.html,Worldline - FY 2022 annual results,2022 results  Solid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of...,English French2022 resultsSolid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of revenue  +110 bpsFree cash flow: € 520 million  45.9% OMDA conversionStrategic roadmap in motionSteady commercial successes and new merchant gainsCompletion of the sale of TSS activities reinforcing Worldline flexibilityExpansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies and verticals2023 objectives18% to 10% organic revenue growthAbove 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma46% to 48% OMDA conversion to FCFParis  La Défense  February 21  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announces its 2022 annual results.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “In 2022  while facing significant and unpredictable global and geopolitical headwinds  Worldline reached or exceeded all its objectives for the year. Our particularly strong revenue growth and commercial momentum clearly demonstrate the full benefit of Ingenico combination  despite us being only half-way through our four-year integration plan. It also highlights improvement of our profitability rate and solid free cash flow generation  despite the inflationary environment.In parallel to this strong operational performance  we executed our strategic roadmap with the disposal of TSS  simplifying our group structure and significantly deleveraging our balance sheet. We also continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and to expand our Merchant Services business in attractive geographies. In line with our product strategy  we further enriched the Worldline value proposition through targeted acquisitions of technological companies on the marketplaces vertical and the micro-merchant segment.Last  but not least  supported by our Trust 2025 program  we continued to make significant progress towards our 2025 targets in all CSR dimensions as is also reflected by tier-one external recognitions and ratings.Based on this strong 2022 year  the Group reaffirms its 2024 ambition as well as its strategic project to establish itself as a premium global Paytech and the leading consolidator of the European payment industry.”2022 key figuresWorldline’s FY 2022 revenue reached € 4 364 million  representing a strong +10.7% revenue organic growth  above the objective to reach 8% to 10% revenue organic growth in 2022. This achievement was reached by a solid growth in Merchant Services reflecting the widespread and rapid shift towards digital payments as well as the Group’s strong positioning following the acquisition of Ingenico. The Global Business Unit represented 70% of the total Group revenue in 2022. Mobility & e-Transactional Services (8% of 2022 Group revenue) also contributed to growth  delivering a strong +7.3% organic growth over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. Financial Services (22% of 2022 Group revenue) were up by +2.5% in 2022 with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens end of 2021.Reaching € 1 133 million in 2022  the Group’s Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) was up by +15.7% at constant scope and exchange rates in 2022. It represented 26.0% of revenue  an organic improvement by +110 basis points  in line with the objective of the year.In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Change Revenue* 4 364 3 942 +10.7% OMDA* 1 133 979 +15.7% % of revenue 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps Net income Group share 299 -751 Net income Group share from continued operations 211 191 +10.3% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 4.8% 5.2% -40 bps Normalized net income Group share from continued operations 545 440 +23.8% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 12.5% 11.9% +60 bps Normalized basic EPS Group share from continued operations 1.94 1.57 +23.4% Normalized diluted EPS Group share from continued operations 1.88 1.53 +22.9% Free cash flow 520 414 +25.5% OMDA to FCF conversion rate** 45.9% 44.3% +150 bps Closing net debt 2 202 3 126* at constant scope and exchange rates** FY 2021 conversion rate calculated on FY 2021 statutory OMDA from continued operationsNet income Group share from continued operations amounted to € 211 million  increasing by +10.3%. Normalized net income Group share (excluding unusual and infrequent items  net of tax) reached € 545 million  increasing by +23.8%.Normalized basic EPS was up +23.4% to € 1.94 in 2022 compared to € 1.57 in 2021. On a dilutive basis  it was up +22.9% to € 1.88.Free cash flow reached € 520 million in 2022  up by +25.5% compared to 2021  representing a 45.9% cash conversion of OMDA (free cash flow divided by OMDA)  above the objective of the year to reach circa 45%.Group Net debt amounted to € 2 202 million at the end of the year  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.9x OMDA. Decrease of Group net debt in 2022 resulted from the free cash flow generated over the year  the cash-in of c. € 1.1 billion net proceeds of the TSS disposal as well as the cash-out for the acquisitions closed in 2022.Including the additional € 297 million net proceeds of the TSS disposal received on January 1st  2023 as announced  the proforma net debt end of 2022 would be € 1 905 million  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.7x OMDA.Q4 2022 revenue by Global Business LineIn € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 835 757 +10.3% Financial Services 260 252 +2.9% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 92 86 +7.0% Worldline 1 186 1 095 +8.3%* at constant scope and exchange ratesWorldline’s Q4 2022 revenue reached € 1 186 million  representing a +8.3% organic growth. This achievement was notably reached thanks to the strong commercial dynamics in Merchant Services which posted a +10.3% revenue organic growth  fueled by market share gains and volumes growth. Mobility & e-Transactional Services also contributed to growth with a positive underlying trend reflected in a +7.0% organic growth rate. Financial Services showed  as expected  a sequential improvement compared to Q3 2022 with +2.9% organic growth.Merchant ServicesMerchant Services’ revenue in Q4 2022 reached € 835 million  representing a solid organic growth of +10.3%  led by a strong commercial momentum and a steady growth in acquiring transaction volumes  up +13% year-on-year (+28% vs. Q4 2019). By division  the growth was mainly led by:Commercial Acquiring showed a high-teens organic growth with almost all geographies and customer segments contributing  in particular SMBs and international brands;Payment Acceptance grew at a low single digit rate  led by Global Sales & Vertical and digital customers with the recovery from the Travel vertical partly compensating for the stop of the Russian online corridor. Excluding this effect  Payment Acceptance activities would have been up low teens organically in Q4 2022; and Digital Services delivered a low single digit organic growth rate with a strong performance at PAYONE compensating for delay in the roll-out of digital products in the digital healthcare market in Germany.During the fourth quarter of the year  commercial activity in Merchant Services has been strong with numerous wins for both Commercial Acquiring and Payment Acceptance  in-store and online with new client wins and upsells with clients such as  among others  Wizz  Voidu  Rebtel  WEAT  Système U  Joom  Club Med  or Olimpia Parking.Financial ServicesQ4 2022 was still partially impacted by the price decrease on the large contracts with former Equens’ shareholders. Nevertheless  Financial Services performance was in line with the trajectory expected for the full year and showed sequential improvement versus Q3 2022. The continued improving trend of volumes and new commercial developments led to a +2.9% organic growth with € 260 million revenue.All divisions contributed to the organic growth:Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) organic growth benefited from a reduced effect of the price decrease on large contracts and was driven by good dynamics and improved transaction volumes in Belgium  the Netherlands and in the DACH area  which more than offset the performance in Germany impacted by a high comparable basis;Account Payments organic growth came from volume increase in Germany as well as good level of activities in the Netherlands compensating for volumes stabilization and less project on large contracts now in run phase;Digital Banking positive trend was driven by solid volumes and project activity in Belgium as well as in the DACH region. The situation in France was more contrasted as the increase of authentications volumes related to e-commerce transactions was less pronounced than for previous quarters.In Q4 2022  the commercial activity in Financial Services was marked in particular by the renewal and extension of a partnership with the Dutch international bank ING. Following the signature of this a multi-year deal  Worldline handles debit and credit card issuing and processing for ING in the Netherlands  Belgium and Germany. Relying on its technology and know-how  Worldline helps ING focus on its core expertise  ultimately supporting the bank’s growth ambitions. By partnering with Worldline  ING can rely on top-quality cards issuing services backed by state-of-the-art technology  lower operation costs and best-in-class capabilities. This allows ING to provide its customers an enhanced range of issuing solutions that are fully compliant with all regulations  on a local and global level.Mobility & e-Transactional ServicesRevenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 92 million in Q4 2022  up +7.0% organically  with positive underlying growth on a high comparison basis  led by high project activity with existing and new customers and increasing transactional revenue. The performance by division was as follow:Trusted Digitization: High single digit growth driven by new projects signed and increased volumes in France in particular and in Germany to a lesser extent;e-Ticketing: Double digit growth fueled by increased volumes in transportation coupled with several development projects  notably for the new smart ticketing solution in the UK  and in France;e-Consumer & Mobility: Low growth with increasing project such as the supply of a call center solution for the CNAF (Caisse Nationale des Allocations Familiales) and volumes increase with clients such as EDF or France Televisions offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator.Commercial activity in Mobility & e-Transactional Services was particularly strong in Q4 2022 with numerous wins such as with the West of England Combined Authority which appointed Worldline to develop and operate the region’s customer focused Mobility as a Service (MaaS) solution  while Compañía Española de Petróleos and Worldline have reached an agreement to renew their contractual relationship until 2024 for the maintenance of the Payment Means Applications.2022 performance per Global Business LineRevenue OMDA OMDA % In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 3 041 2 667 +14.0% 869 672 +29.4% 28.6% 25.2% +340 bps Financial Services 958 935 +2.5% 272 296 -8.0% 28.4% 31.6% -320 bps Mobility & e-Transactional Services 365 340 +7.3% 53 51 +4.9% 14.5% 14.9% -30 bps Corporate costs -61 -39 +57.9% -1.4% -1.0% -40 bps Worldline 4 364 3 942 +10.7% 1 133 979 +15.7% 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps* at constant scope and exchange ratesMerchant ServicesBenefiting of the steady growth of acquiring MSV acceleration and new merchants gained  Merchant Services’ revenue in 2022 reached € 3 041 million  representing an organic growth by +14.0%. Commercial Acquiring showed a strong double-digit growth in almost all geographies and customer segments with strong dynamics and a good cash-to-card conversion trend. Despite the impact of the stop of the Russian online corridor  Payment Acceptance also contributed to the growth of Merchant Services with a mid-single digit organic growth with strong volumes for SMBs and large retailers in all geographies and more particular in Germany with PAYONE  as well as strong volumes related to the recovery of the travel industry benefiting to Digital Commerce. Finally  Digital Services mid to high single digit growth was led by a strong recovery in Germany compensating as anticipated some limited delays in POS supply.Merchant Services performance reflects a very strong development of market positions all along the year  notably in commercial acquiring  as illustrated by the following business KPI:In 2022  Worldline’s acquiring merchant base experienced a steady growth with c. 85 000 new merchants onboarded on its platform over the year  led by a strong dynamic in both instore (c. +9%) and online merchants count (c. +15%). Reaching 1.25 million merchants as of end of 2022 (excluding recent acquisitions)  it represents an increase of 200k net merchants compared to the end of December 2020.Worldline’s acquiring MSV in 2022 reached c. € 320 billion1  up +22% versus 2021 and up +29% versus 2019. This performance has been fueled by market share gains in both instore (MSV c. +21% vs. 2021) and online (c. +27% vs. 2021).Merchant Services’ OMDA in 2022 amounted to € 869 million  28.6% of revenue  representing an improvement by +340 basis points. It was positively supported by the strong revenue performance and by the synergies from Ingenico integration program which is materializing as per plan.Financial ServicesFinancial Services revenue reached € 958 million in 2022 with a +2.5% organic growth over the year with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens in Q4 2021. Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) delivered a soft organic growth with improved volume trends and level of project activities compensating the impact of price concessions of renewed large contracts. Digital Banking posted a low to mid-single digit growth while Accounts Payments delivered a solid high single digit driven by the significant level of project activity and continuous and increasing run volumes recorded in Germany as well as in the Netherlands.Financial Services OMDA reached € 272 million in 2022  representing 28.4% of revenue. The overall profitability of Financial Services remained high despite the renewal of Equens contracts at a lower price and the cost inflation not yet compensated by the full impact of already launched measures in terms of cost base monitoring and workforce management.Mobility & e-Transactional ServicesRevenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 365 million  up organically by +7.3% over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. e-Ticketing grew at a double-digit rate thanks to higher fare collection coupled with the robust pick-up in the transportation sector in Europe as well as several development projects in the UK and in France. Trusted Digitization also grew at a double-digit rate driven by new projects and improving volumes in France  higher volumes in Tax collection and digital healthcare  and a good momentum both on support and project activity in e-Health and e-Archiving solutions in Germany. Finally  e-Consumer & Mobility was stable year-on-year with increasing projects and volumes just offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator.Mobility & e-Transactional Services’ OMDA reached € 53 million  representing 14.5% of revenue. The Business Line has been able to improve its profitability by € 2 million thanks to the positive business trends and cost optimization plans addressing both fixed and variable costs helping to offset the overall cost inflation.Corporate costsCorporate costs amounted to € 61 million in 2022  representing 1.4% of total Group revenue compared to 1.0% in 2021 at constant scope and exchange rates. This increase reflects the implementation of a new centralized operating model following recent acquisitions.Full execution of the strategic roadmapSuccessful completion of the sale of TSS activities to Apollo FundsAs announced on October 3  2022  Worldline completed the sale of its Terminals  Solutions & Services (“TSS”) business line to Apollo Funds  in line with the contemplated timeline. The proceeds from this disposal allows Worldline to further accelerate its development and anchors the Group’s leadership in payments services. This transaction generated a cash-in of € 1.1 billion  significantly contributing to the deleveraging of the Group. In addition  Worldline remains exposed to the future value creation of Ingenico through the preferred shares for an amount of up to € 0.9 billion.Expansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies through market consolidationIn 2022  Worldline continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and expanded the footprint of its Merchant Services Business Line in attractive geographies through the completion of several acquisitions:80% of Axepta Italy and set-up of a strategic partnership with BNL in Italy to expand Worldline’s Merchant Services in one of the most attractive payment market in Europe with significant growth and synergies opportunities. The long-term commercial partnership with BNL aims at leveraging its strong banking network as a key commercial channel. A robust integration and development program has been implemented to further improve profitability rate through operating leverage and costs efficiency.controlling stake in the commercial acquiring business of ANZ and creation of a 51%-49% joint-venture controlled by Worldline to operate and develop commercial acquiring services in Australia  a highly attractive market for Worldline with favorable dynamics  a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods.Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities  a meaningful card acquirer in the very dynamic Greek market. The transaction includes a long-term commercial partnership with the selling bank  Eurobank  aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute best-in-class payment product and services to physical and online merchants in the country.Finally  following the acquisition of Axepta Italy  the Group announced its project to acquire the merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage the bank’s network  in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Enrichment of Worldline value proposition in both instore and onlineWorldline also significantly enriched its value proposition for both instore and online merchants  notably through the acquisitions of a 40% stake in Online Payment Platform B.V. and of 55% of SoftPos.eu.:Online Payment Platform (OPP) is a Dutch online Payment Service Provider with a dedicated payment solution for marketplaces and platforms and a specific focus in the C2C segment. Perfectly in line with Worldline’s strategic roadmap as it expands its exposure into e-commerce  the transaction enriches the growth profile of Worldline  and enables synergy for both parties involved through Worldline’s sale infrastructure. Worldline  through OPP  is then perfectly positioned to comprehensively target the C2C marketplaces’ need to outsource their payment requirements and to focus on significant growth opportunities in the B2B and B2C marketplaces segments.As part of its strategy to explore new adjacencies through technologies and products acquisitions  Worldline also completed the acquisition of a 55% stake in SoftPos.eu  a fintech that converts Android devices into secure payment terminals  enabling merchants to accept card payments without the need for additional hardware. Based on SoftPos.eu  Worldline launched a new product internationally: Worldline Tap on Mobile. This unique end-to-end solution based on Android application that allows all merchants to accept payments using a smartphone  tablet  or enterprise device through one single tap. The solution is then fully in line with Worldline’s objective to provide payment solutions that are adapted to all forms of commerce and serve the business ambitions of its clients.Refocus of Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin AmericaWorldline has completed in Q4 2022 the disposal of its Mobility and e-Transactional services activities in Argentina and Chile to Bizland  a Lapachos Holding company. Lapachos Holding is an Argentinean group  owner and responsible for the management of multiple companies in the telecommunications  finance and retail sectors in Latin America. Worldline trusts Lapachos Holding  as a close player to the local business and its specificities  can provide Worldline’s former activity with the most-suited expertise and support for their development  all that in the best interest of its customers and employees. This disposal will allow Worldline to focus on its core activities as a global payments leader as these divested activities of digital services for transportation  healthcare and public sectors were subscale activities  far from Worldline’s payment services core activities  and without synergies with the Group.2022 results of the TRUST 2025 Corporate Social Responsibility programTo ensure shaping the future of payments while creating sustainable value for all stakeholders  Worldline is committed to reach specific and measurable CSR targets at the horizon of 2025 covering all areas of its business  from people  ethics and the value chain to the environment and the support for local communities.In 2022  significant progress was achieved towards these targets and the Group will soon report its achievement of the 19 KPIs defined as per the Group CSR program Trust 2025.2023 objectivesRevenue organic grow th : +8% to +10%: +8% to +10% OMDA margin : Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma: Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma Free cash flow: 46% to 48% OMDA conversion rate2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation.2024 Worldline ambition fully reiteratedThe Group ambitions to deliver:Revenue organic growth : +9% to +11% CAGR 1 over the 2022-2024 period: +9% to +11% CAGR over the 2022-2024 period OMDA margin : above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024: above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024 Free cash flow: circa 50% OMDA conversion rateAppendicesReconciliation of Q4 2021 statutory revenue with Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange ratesFor the analysis of the Group’s performance  revenue for Q4 2022 is compared to Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates as presented below per Global Business Lines:In € million Q4 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect Q4 2021* Merchant Services 693 +64.0 -0.3 757 Financial Services 251 -0.0 +1.9 252 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 91 -2.6 -3.2 86 Worldline 1 035 +61.3 -1.7 1 095* at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange ratesExchanges rates effect in Q4 were mainly due to the Euro depreciation vs the Swiss franc. Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side.Reconciliation of 2021 statutory revenue and OMDA with 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange ratesFor the analysis of the Group’s performance  2022 revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) are compared to 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. Reconciliation between 2021 reported revenue and OMDA and 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and foreign exchange rates is presented below per Global Business Lines:In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 2 416 +234.0 +17.0 2 667 Financial Services 927 -0.0 +8.1 935 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 347 -2.6 -4.2 340 Worldline 3 689 +231.3 +20.8 3 942 OMDA In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 629 +41.8 +0.5 672 Financial Services 291 +0.0 +4.6 296 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 52 -0.6 -0.7 51 Corporate costs -39 -0.0 -0.2 -39 Worldline 933 +41.2 +4.3 979 as a % of revenue 25.3% 24.8%* at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange ratesIn 2022  exchanges rates effect is mainly due to:the Euro depreciation versus the Swiss franc as well as  to a lesser extent  versus the Indian rupee  dollar related currencies (AUD  CAD  SGD  NZD)  and the British pound  andthe Euro appreciation versus the Turkish lira and Swedish krona.Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  Handelsbanken  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side.FY 2022 estimated pro formaFor the analysis of the Group’s organic performance  revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) in 2023 will be compared with 2022 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. FY 2022 estimated pro forma is presented below (per Global Business Lines):Estimated proforma revenue Estimated proforma OMDA OMDA% In € million Q1 Q2 H1 Q3 Q4 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 Merchant Services 677 757 1 434 823 829 1 653 3 086 341 506 847 23.8% 30.6% 27.5% Financial Services 222 235 457 241 260 500 958 128 155 283 28.0% 30.9% 29.5% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 85 88 172 81 89 170 343 22 24 46 12.7% 14.1% 13.4% Corporate costs - - - - - - - -32 -29 -61 -1.6% -1.2% -1.4% Worldline 984 1 079 2 063 1 145 1 178 2 323 4 386 459 656 1 115 22.2% 28.2% 25.4%* at December 2022 exchange ratesMain components of the estimated scope effect from 2022 reported to estimated 2022 pro forma:ANZ added contribution of 3 months (integrated for 9 months in 2022 reported)Eurobank added contribution of 6 months (integrated for 6 months in 2022 reported)Disposal of Mobility & e-Transactional Services activities in Latin America for 11 months (excluded for 1 month in 2022 reported) Impacts of the disposal of TSSConference callThe Management of Worldline invites you to an international conference call on the Group FY 2022 results  on Tuesday  February 21  2023 at 8:00 am (CET).The webcast will be available by following this link .Sell-side analysts wishing to participate to the Q&A session which will take place at the end of the conference need to pre-register through this link in order to receive by email the connection details (dial-in numbers and passcode).After the conference  a replay of the webcast will be available on worldline.com   in the Investors section.Forthcoming eventsApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 results October 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in payment services and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2022 Worldline generated a revenue of 4.4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342  its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation1 Rolling 3-week average transaction volumes on acquiring activities without any proforma effect from the recent acquisitions1 CAGR: Compound Annualized Growth RateAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['FY 2022 annual results', 'Worldline', 'solid free cash flow generation', 'Net income Group share', 'The Global Business Unit', 'diluted EPS Group share', 'basic EPS Group share', '8% to 10% organic revenue growth', '8% to 10% revenue organic growth', 'strong +10.7% revenue organic growth', 'double-digit organic growth', 'Solid guidance execution', 'strong +7.3% organic growth', 'La Défense', 'four-year integration plan', 'European market consolidation', 'tier-one external recognitions', 'several major projects', 'public transport sector', 'historical large contracts', 'Group Net debt', 'strong operational performance', 'Group leverage ratio', 'premium global Paytech', 'solid revenue flows', 'Steady commercial successes', 'new merchant gains', 'European payment industry', 'Merchant Services business', 'strong revenue growth', 'total Group revenue', 'FY 2021 conversion rate', 'Worldline value proposition', 'FCF conversion rate', 'FY 2021 statutory OMDA', 'solid growth', 'OMDA margin improvement', '45.9% cash conversion', 'organic improvement', '2022 Group revenue', 'FY 2022 revenue', 'strong positioning', 'group structure', 'global leader', 'unpredictable global', 'payment services', 'profitability rate', 'statutory revenue', 'commercial momentum', 'Operating Margin', 'Change Revenue', 'Financial Services', '45.9% OMDA conversion', '48% OMDA conversion', 'English French', 'Strategic roadmap', 'attractive geographies', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'geopolitical headwinds', 'full benefit', 'inflationary environment', 'balance sheet', 'product strategy', 'targeted acquisitions', 'technological companies', 'micro-merchant segment', 'Trust 2025 program', 'CSR dimensions', 'strong 2022 year', 'strategic project', 'leading consolidator', '2022 key figures', 'rapid shift', 'digital payments', 'temporary impact', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', '+110 basis points', 'infrequent items', 'dilutive basis', '1.9x OMDA', 'TSS activities', 'Worldline flexibility', '2022 annual results', 'Ingenico combination', 'significant progress', 'continued operations', '46% to', '2022 results', 'motion', 'Completion', 'sale', 'Expansion', 'verticals', '2023 objectives1', '100 bps', 'Paris', 'February', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'CEO', 'parallel', 'disposal', 'marketplaces', '2025 targets', 'ratings', '2024 ambition', 'achievement', 'widespread', 'Mobility', 'recovery', 'price', 'renewals', 'Equens', 'Depreciation', 'Amortization', 'unusual', 'tax', 'end', 'Decrease', '26.0', '€']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,globenewswire.com
18989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-FY-2022-annual-results-43037310/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Worldline - FY 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com) 2022 results Solid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of revenue  +110 bpsFree cash flow: € 520 million  45.9% OMDA conversion Strategic roadmap in m…,Worldline - FY 2022 annual results 02/21/2023 | 01:01am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields 2022 results Solid guidance execution with double-digit organic growthRevenue: € 4 364 million  +10.7% organicallyOMDA: € 1 133 million  26.0% of revenue  +110 bpsFree cash flow: € 520 million  45.9% OMDA conversion Strategic roadmap in motionSteady commercial successes and new merchant gainsCompletion of the sale of TSS activities reinforcing Worldline flexibilityExpansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies and verticals 2023 objectives18% to 10% organic revenue growthAbove 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma46% to 48% OMDA conversion to FCF Paris  La Défense  February 21  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announces its 2022 annual results. Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “In 2022  while facing significant and unpredictable global and geopolitical headwinds  Worldline reached or exceeded all its objectives for the year. Our particularly strong revenue growth and commercial momentum clearly demonstrate the full benefit of Ingenico combination  despite us being only half-way through our four-year integration plan. It also highlights improvement of our profitability rate and solid free cash flow generation  despite the inflationary environment. In parallel to this strong operational performance  we executed our strategic roadmap with the disposal of TSS  simplifying our group structure and significantly deleveraging our balance sheet. We also continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and to expand our Merchant Services business in attractive geographies. In line with our product strategy  we further enriched the Worldline value proposition through targeted acquisitions of technological companies on the marketplaces vertical and the micro-merchant segment. Last  but not least  supported by our Trust 2025 program  we continued to make significant progress towards our 2025 targets in all CSR dimensions as is also reflected by tier-one external recognitions and ratings. Based on this strong 2022 year  the Group reaffirms its 2024 ambition as well as its strategic project to establish itself as a premium global Paytech and the leading consolidator of the European payment industry.” 2022 key figures Worldline’s FY 2022 revenue reached € 4 364 million  representing a strong +10.7% revenue organic growth  above the objective to reach 8% to 10% revenue organic growth in 2022. This achievement was reached by a solid growth in Merchant Services reflecting the widespread and rapid shift towards digital payments as well as the Group’s strong positioning following the acquisition of Ingenico. The Global Business Unit represented 70% of the total Group revenue in 2022. Mobility & e-Transactional Services (8% of 2022 Group revenue) also contributed to growth  delivering a strong +7.3% organic growth over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. Financial Services (22% of 2022 Group revenue) were up by +2.5% in 2022 with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens end of 2021. Reaching € 1 133 million in 2022  the Group’s Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) was up by +15.7% at constant scope and exchange rates in 2022. It represented 26.0% of revenue  an organic improvement by +110 basis points  in line with the objective of the year. In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Change Revenue* 4 364 3 942 +10.7% OMDA* 1 133 979 +15.7% % of revenue 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps Net income Group share 299 -751 Net income Group share from continued operations 211 191 +10.3% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 4.8% 5.2% -40 bps Normalized net income Group share from continued operations 545 440 +23.8% % of statutory revenue from continued operations 12.5% 11.9% +60 bps Normalized basic EPS Group share from continued operations 1.94 1.57 +23.4% Normalized diluted EPS Group share from continued operations 1.88 1.53 +22.9% Free cash flow 520 414 +25.5% OMDA to FCF conversion rate** 45.9% 44.3% +150 bps Closing net debt 2 202 3 126 * at constant scope and exchange rates** FY 2021 conversion rate calculated on FY 2021 statutory OMDA from continued operations Net income Group share from continued operations amounted to € 211 million  increasing by +10.3%. Normalized net income Group share (excluding unusual and infrequent items  net of tax) reached € 545 million  increasing by +23.8%. Normalized basic EPS was up +23.4% to € 1.94 in 2022 compared to € 1.57 in 2021. On a dilutive basis  it was up +22.9% to € 1.88. Free cash flow reached € 520 million in 2022  up by +25.5% compared to 2021  representing a 45.9% cash conversion of OMDA (free cash flow divided by OMDA)  above the objective of the year to reach circa 45%. Group Net debt amounted to € 2 202 million at the end of the year  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.9x OMDA. Decrease of Group net debt in 2022 resulted from the free cash flow generated over the year  the cash-in of c. € 1.1 billion net proceeds of the TSS disposal as well as the cash-out for the acquisitions closed in 2022. Including the additional € 297 million net proceeds of the TSS disposal received on January 1st  2023 as announced  the proforma net debt end of 2022 would be € 1 905 million  representing a Group leverage ratio at 1.7x OMDA. Q4 2022 revenue by Global Business Line In € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 835 757 +10.3% Financial Services 260 252 +2.9% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 92 86 +7.0% Worldline 1 186 1 095 +8.3% * at constant scope and exchange rates Worldline’s Q4 2022 revenue reached € 1 186 million  representing a +8.3% organic growth. This achievement was notably reached thanks to the strong commercial dynamics in Merchant Services which posted a +10.3% revenue organic growth  fueled by market share gains and volumes growth. Mobility & e-Transactional Services also contributed to growth with a positive underlying trend reflected in a +7.0% organic growth rate. Financial Services showed  as expected  a sequential improvement compared to Q3 2022 with +2.9% organic growth. Merchant Services Merchant Services’ revenue in Q4 2022 reached € 835 million  representing a solid organic growth of +10.3%  led by a strong commercial momentum and a steady growth in acquiring transaction volumes  up +13% year-on-year (+28% vs. Q4 2019). By division  the growth was mainly led by: Commercial Acquiring showed a high-teens organic growth with almost all geographies and customer segments contributing  in particular SMBs and international brands;Payment Acceptance grew at a low single digit rate  led by Global Sales & Vertical and digital customers with the recovery from the Travel vertical partly compensating for the stop of the Russian online corridor. Excluding this effect  Payment Acceptance activities would have been up low teens organically in Q4 2022; and Digital Services delivered a low single digit organic growth rate with a strong performance at PAYONE compensating for delay in the roll-out of digital products in the digital healthcare market in Germany.During the fourth quarter of the year  commercial activity in Merchant Services has been strong with numerous wins for both Commercial Acquiring and Payment Acceptance  in-store and online with new client wins and upsells with clients such as  among others  Wizz  Voidu  Rebtel  WEAT  Système U  Joom  Club Med  or Olimpia Parking. Financial Services Q4 2022 was still partially impacted by the price decrease on the large contracts with former Equens’ shareholders. Nevertheless  Financial Services performance was in line with the trajectory expected for the full year and showed sequential improvement versus Q3 2022. The continued improving trend of volumes and new commercial developments led to a +2.9% organic growth with € 260 million revenue. All divisions contributed to the organic growth: Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) organic growth benefited from a reduced effect of the price decrease on large contracts and was driven by good dynamics and improved transaction volumes in Belgium  the Netherlands and in the DACH area  which more than offset the performance in Germany impacted by a high comparable basis;Account Payments organic growth came from volume increase in Germany as well as good level of activities in the Netherlands compensating for volumes stabilization and less project on large contracts now in run phase;Digital Banking positive trend was driven by solid volumes and project activity in Belgium as well as in the DACH region. The situation in France was more contrasted as the increase of authentications volumes related to e-commerce transactions was less pronounced than for previous quarters.In Q4 2022  the commercial activity in Financial Services was marked in particular by the renewal and extension of a partnership with the Dutch international bank ING. Following the signature of this a multi-year deal  Worldline handles debit and credit card issuing and processing for ING in the Netherlands  Belgium and Germany. Relying on its technology and know-how  Worldline helps ING focus on its core expertise  ultimately supporting the bank’s growth ambitions. By partnering with Worldline  ING can rely on top-quality cards issuing services backed by state-of-the-art technology  lower operation costs and best-in-class capabilities. This allows ING to provide its customers an enhanced range of issuing solutions that are fully compliant with all regulations  on a local and global level. Mobility & e-Transactional Services Revenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 92 million in Q4 2022  up +7.0% organically  with positive underlying growth on a high comparison basis  led by high project activity with existing and new customers and increasing transactional revenue. The performance by division was as follow: Trusted Digitization: High single digit growth driven by new projects signed and increased volumes in France in particular and in Germany to a lesser extent;e-Ticketing: Double digit growth fueled by increased volumes in transportation coupled with several development projects  notably for the new smart ticketing solution in the UK  and in France;e-Consumer & Mobility: Low growth with increasing project such as the supply of a call center solution for the CNAF (Caisse Nationale des Allocations Familiales) and volumes increase with clients such as EDF or France Televisions offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator.Commercial activity in Mobility & e-Transactional Services was particularly strong in Q4 2022 with numerous wins such as with the West of England Combined Authority which appointed Worldline to develop and operate the region’s customer focused Mobility as a Service (MaaS) solution  while Compañía Española de Petróleos and Worldline have reached an agreement to renew their contractual relationship until 2024 for the maintenance of the Payment Means Applications. 2022 performance per Global Business Line Revenue OMDA OMDA % In € million FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change FY 2022 FY 2021* Organic change Merchant Services 3 041 2 667 +14.0% 869 672 +29.4% 28.6% 25.2% +340 bps Financial Services 958 935 +2.5% 272 296 -8.0% 28.4% 31.6% -320 bps Mobility & e-Transactional Services 365 340 +7.3% 53 51 +4.9% 14.5% 14.9% -30 bps Corporate costs -61 -39 +57.9% -1.4% -1.0% -40 bps Worldline 4 364 3 942 +10.7% 1 133 979 +15.7% 26.0% 24.8% +110 bps * at constant scope and exchange rates Merchant Services Benefiting of the steady growth of acquiring MSV acceleration and new merchants gained  Merchant Services’ revenue in 2022 reached € 3 041 million  representing an organic growth by +14.0%. Commercial Acquiring showed a strong double-digit growth in almost all geographies and customer segments with strong dynamics and a good cash-to-card conversion trend. Despite the impact of the stop of the Russian online corridor  Payment Acceptance also contributed to the growth of Merchant Services with a mid-single digit organic growth with strong volumes for SMBs and large retailers in all geographies and more particular in Germany with PAYONE  as well as strong volumes related to the recovery of the travel industry benefiting to Digital Commerce. Finally  Digital Services mid to high single digit growth was led by a strong recovery in Germany compensating as anticipated some limited delays in POS supply. Merchant Services performance reflects a very strong development of market positions all along the year  notably in commercial acquiring  as illustrated by the following business KPI: In 2022  Worldline’s acquiring merchant base experienced a steady growth with c. 85 000 new merchants onboarded on its platform over the year  led by a strong dynamic in both instore (c. +9%) and online merchants count (c. +15%). Reaching 1.25 million merchants as of end of 2022 (excluding recent acquisitions)  it represents an increase of 200k net merchants compared to the end of December 2020.Worldline’s acquiring MSV in 2022 reached c. € 320 billion1  up +22% versus 2021 and up +29% versus 2019. This performance has been fueled by market share gains in both instore (MSV c. +21% vs. 2021) and online (c. +27% vs. 2021). Merchant Services’ OMDA in 2022 amounted to € 869 million  28.6% of revenue  representing an improvement by +340 basis points. It was positively supported by the strong revenue performance and by the synergies from Ingenico integration program which is materializing as per plan. Financial Services Financial Services revenue reached € 958 million in 2022 with a +2.5% organic growth over the year with solid revenue flows partly compensating the temporary impact from the price decrease conceded by the Group for the renewals of historical large contracts of Equens in Q4 2021. Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether) delivered a soft organic growth with improved volume trends and level of project activities compensating the impact of price concessions of renewed large contracts. Digital Banking posted a low to mid-single digit growth while Accounts Payments delivered a solid high single digit driven by the significant level of project activity and continuous and increasing run volumes recorded in Germany as well as in the Netherlands. Financial Services OMDA reached € 272 million in 2022  representing 28.4% of revenue. The overall profitability of Financial Services remained high despite the renewal of Equens contracts at a lower price and the cost inflation not yet compensated by the full impact of already launched measures in terms of cost base monitoring and workforce management. Mobility & e-Transactional Services Revenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 365 million  up organically by +7.3% over the year thanks to several major projects and the recovery of the public transport sector. e-Ticketing grew at a double-digit rate thanks to higher fare collection coupled with the robust pick-up in the transportation sector in Europe as well as several development projects in the UK and in France. Trusted Digitization also grew at a double-digit rate driven by new projects and improving volumes in France  higher volumes in Tax collection and digital healthcare  and a good momentum both on support and project activity in e-Health and e-Archiving solutions in Germany. Finally  e-Consumer & Mobility was stable year-on-year with increasing projects and volumes just offsetting the effect of the re-insourcing of a Contact contract with a large telco operator. Mobility & e-Transactional Services’ OMDA reached € 53 million  representing 14.5% of revenue. The Business Line has been able to improve its profitability by € 2 million thanks to the positive business trends and cost optimization plans addressing both fixed and variable costs helping to offset the overall cost inflation. Corporate costs Corporate costs amounted to € 61 million in 2022  representing 1.4% of total Group revenue compared to 1.0% in 2021 at constant scope and exchange rates. This increase reflects the implementation of a new centralized operating model following recent acquisitions. Full execution of the strategic roadmap Successful completion of the sale of TSS activities to Apollo Funds As announced on October 3  2022  Worldline completed the sale of its Terminals  Solutions & Services (“TSS”) business line to Apollo Funds  in line with the contemplated timeline. The proceeds from this disposal allows Worldline to further accelerate its development and anchors the Group’s leadership in payments services. This transaction generated a cash-in of € 1.1 billion  significantly contributing to the deleveraging of the Group. In addition  Worldline remains exposed to the future value creation of Ingenico through the preferred shares for an amount of up to € 0.9 billion. Expansion of Merchant Services in attractive geographies through market consolidation In 2022  Worldline continued to actively participate to the European market consolidation and expanded the footprint of its Merchant Services Business Line in attractive geographies through the completion of several acquisitions: 80% of Axepta Italy and set-up of a strategic partnership with BNL in Italy to expand Worldline’s Merchant Services in one of the most attractive payment market in Europe with significant growth and synergies opportunities. The long-term commercial partnership with BNL aims at leveraging its strong banking network as a key commercial channel. A robust integration and development program has been implemented to further improve profitability rate through operating leverage and costs efficiency.controlling stake in the commercial acquiring business of ANZ and creation of a 51%-49% joint-venture controlled by Worldline to operate and develop commercial acquiring services in Australia  a highly attractive market for Worldline with favorable dynamics  a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods.Eurobank Merchant Acquiring activities  a meaningful card acquirer in the very dynamic Greek market. The transaction includes a long-term commercial partnership with the selling bank  Eurobank  aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute best-in-class payment product and services to physical and online merchants in the country. Finally  following the acquisition of Axepta Italy  the Group announced its project to acquire the merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage the bank’s network  in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy. Enrichment of Worldline value proposition in both instore and online Worldline also significantly enriched its value proposition for both instore and online merchants  notably through the acquisitions of a 40% stake in Online Payment Platform B.V. and of 55% of SoftPos.eu.: Online Payment Platform (OPP) is a Dutch online Payment Service Provider with a dedicated payment solution for marketplaces and platforms and a specific focus in the C2C segment. Perfectly in line with Worldline’s strategic roadmap as it expands its exposure into e-commerce  the transaction enriches the growth profile of Worldline  and enables synergy for both parties involved through Worldline’s sale infrastructure. Worldline  through OPP  is then perfectly positioned to comprehensively target the C2C marketplaces’ need to outsource their payment requirements and to focus on significant growth opportunities in the B2B and B2C marketplaces segments.As part of its strategy to explore new adjacencies through technologies and products acquisitions  Worldline also completed the acquisition of a 55% stake in SoftPos.eu  a fintech that converts Android devices into secure payment terminals  enabling merchants to accept card payments without the need for additional hardware. Based on SoftPos.eu  Worldline launched a new product internationally: Worldline Tap on Mobile. This unique end-to-end solution based on Android application that allows all merchants to accept payments using a smartphone  tablet  or enterprise device through one single tap. The solution is then fully in line with Worldline’s objective to provide payment solutions that are adapted to all forms of commerce and serve the business ambitions of its clients. Refocus of Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America Worldline has completed in Q4 2022 the disposal of its Mobility and e-Transactional services activities in Argentina and Chile to Bizland  a Lapachos Holding company. Lapachos Holding is an Argentinean group  owner and responsible for the management of multiple companies in the telecommunications  finance and retail sectors in Latin America. Worldline trusts Lapachos Holding  as a close player to the local business and its specificities  can provide Worldline’s former activity with the most-suited expertise and support for their development  all that in the best interest of its customers and employees. This disposal will allow Worldline to focus on its core activities as a global payments leader as these divested activities of digital services for transportation  healthcare and public sectors were subscale activities  far from Worldline’s payment services core activities  and without synergies with the Group. 2022 results of the TRUST 2025 Corporate Social Responsibility program To ensure shaping the future of payments while creating sustainable value for all stakeholders  Worldline is committed to reach specific and measurable CSR targets at the horizon of 2025 covering all areas of its business  from people  ethics and the value chain to the environment and the support for local communities. In 2022  significant progress was achieved towards these targets and the Group will soon report its achievement of the 19 KPIs defined as per the Group CSR program Trust 2025. 2023 objectives Revenue organic grow th : +8% to +10%: +8% to +10% OMDA margin : Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma: Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma Free cash flow: 46% to 48% OMDA conversion rate2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation. 2024 Worldline ambition fully reiterated The Group ambitions to deliver: Revenue organic growth : +9% to +11% CAGR 1 over the 2022-2024 period: +9% to +11% CAGR over the 2022-2024 period OMDA margin : above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024: above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024 Free cash flow: circa 50% OMDA conversion rateAppendices Reconciliation of Q4 2021 statutory revenue with Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates For the analysis of the Group’s performance  revenue for Q4 2022 is compared to Q4 2021 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates as presented below per Global Business Lines: In € million Q4 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect Q4 2021* Merchant Services 693 +64.0 -0.3 757 Financial Services 251 -0.0 +1.9 252 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 91 -2.6 -3.2 86 Worldline 1 035 +61.3 -1.7 1 095 * at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange rates Exchanges rates effect in Q4 were mainly due to the Euro depreciation vs the Swiss franc. Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side. Reconciliation of 2021 statutory revenue and OMDA with 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates For the analysis of the Group’s performance  2022 revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) are compared to 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. Reconciliation between 2021 reported revenue and OMDA and 2021 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and foreign exchange rates is presented below per Global Business Lines: In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 2 416 +234.0 +17.0 2 667 Financial Services 927 -0.0 +8.1 935 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 347 -2.6 -4.2 340 Worldline 3 689 +231.3 +20.8 3 942 OMDA In € million FY 2021 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect FY 2021* Merchant Services 629 +41.8 +0.5 672 Financial Services 291 +0.0 +4.6 296 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 52 -0.6 -0.7 51 Corporate costs -39 -0.0 -0.2 -39 Worldline 933 +41.2 +4.3 979 as a % of revenue 25.3% 24.8% * at constant scope and December 2022 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2021 YTD average exchange rates In 2022  exchanges rates effect is mainly due to: the Euro depreciation versus the Swiss franc as well as  to a lesser extent  versus the Indian rupee  dollar related currencies (AUD  CAD  SGD  NZD)  and the British pound  andthe Euro appreciation versus the Turkish lira and Swedish krona. Scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ  Axepta Italy  Eurobank  Handelsbanken  and Cardlink on the one side  and the divestments following the clearance from the European Commission for the acquisition of Ingenico and in Mobility & e-Transactional Services in Latin America on the other side. FY 2022 estimated pro forma For the analysis of the Group’s organic performance  revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) in 2023 will be compared with 2022 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. FY 2022 estimated pro forma is presented below (per Global Business Lines): Estimated proforma revenue Estimated proforma OMDA OMDA% In € million Q1 Q2 H1 Q3 Q4 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 Merchant Services 677 757 1 434 823 829 1 653 3 086 341 506 847 23.8% 30.6% 27.5% Financial Services 222 235 457 241 260 500 958 128 155 283 28.0% 30.9% 29.5% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 85 88 172 81 89 170 343 22 24 46 12.7% 14.1% 13.4% Corporate costs - - - - - - - -32 -29 -61 -1.6% -1.2% -1.4% Worldline 984 1 079 2 063 1 145 1 178 2 323 4 386 459 656 1 115 22.2% 28.2% 25.4% * at December 2022 exchange rates Main components of the estimated scope effect from 2022 reported to estimated 2022 pro forma: ANZ added contribution of 3 months (integrated for 9 months in 2022 reported)Eurobank added contribution of 6 months (integrated for 6 months in 2022 reported)Disposal of Mobility & e-Transactional Services activities in Latin America for 11 months (excluded for 1 month in 2022 reported) Impacts of the disposal of TSSConference call The Management of Worldline invites you to an international conference call on the Group FY 2022 results  on Tuesday  February 21  2023 at 8:00 am (CET). The webcast will be available by following this link . Sell-side analysts wishing to participate to the Q&A session which will take place at the end of the conference need to pre-register through this link in order to receive by email the connection details (dial-in numbers and passcode). After the conference  a replay of the webcast will be available on worldline.com   in the Investors section. Forthcoming events April 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 results October 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContacts Investor Relations Laurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.com Benoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.com Communication Sandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.com Hélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.com About WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in payment services and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2022 Worldline generated a revenue of 4.4 billion euros. worldline.com Worldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.Disclaimer This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342  its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01. Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards. Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States. 1 2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation1 Rolling 3-week average transaction volumes on acquiring activities without any proforma effect from the recent acquisitions1 CAGR: Compound Annualized Growth Rate Attachment Worldline - FY 2022 annual results - Press ReleaseAll news about WORLDLINE 09:47a Worldline : Document AMF CP. 2023E885936 PU 02/21 'Fragile' Manufacturing Sector Hits Sentiment as French Bourse Closes in Red MT 02/21 Global markets live: Airbus  Walmart  Meta  Home Depot... 02/21 French Payments Group Worldline Targets Up to 10% Revenue Growth in 2023 MT 02/21 French payment group Worldline beats Q4 growth estimates RE 02/21 Transcript : Worldline SA  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 21  2023 CI 02/21 Worldline - FY 2022 annual results GL 02/21 Worldline SA Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 and Reiterates Earnings Guida.. CI 02/21 Worldline - FY 2022 annual results GL 02/20 Worldline SA Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI Analyst Recommendations on WORLDLINE 2021 WORLDLINE : UBS keeps its Buy rating MD 2021 WORLDLINE : Buy rating from Jefferies MD 2021 Analyst recommandations: AstraZeneca  Comcast  Exxon  Starbucks...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['FY 2022 annual results', 'Worldline', 'solid free cash flow generation', 'The Global Business Unit', 'Net income Group share', 'double-digit organic growth Revenue', 'basic EPS Group share', 'strong +10.7% revenue organic growth', '8% to 10% organic revenue growth', '45.9% OMDA conversion Strategic roadmap', 'Solid guidance execution', 'strong +7.3% organic growth', 'multiple email addresses', 'La Défense', 'four-year integration plan', 'European market consolidation', 'tier-one external recognitions', 'several major projects', 'public transport sector', 'historical large contracts', 'strong operational performance', '10% revenue organic growth', 'premium global Paytech', 'solid revenue flows', 'Steady commercial successes', 'new merchant gains', 'European payment industry', 'strong revenue growth', 'FY 2021 conversion rate', 'Merchant Services business', 'total Group revenue', 'FCF conversion rate', 'Worldline value proposition', 'FY 2022 annual results', 'FY 2021 statutory OMDA', 'OMDA margin improvement', 'solid growth', '45.9% cash conversion', 'net debt', 'organic improvement', 'FY 2022 revenue', '2022 Group revenue', 'strong positioning', 'statutory revenue', 'global leader', 'unpredictable global', 'payment services', '48% OMDA conversion', 'profitability rate', 'strategic project', 'group structure', 'FCF Paris', 'commercial momentum', 'Operating Margin', 'Change Revenue', 'Financial Services', 'strong 2022 year', 'Required fields', 'attractive geographies', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'geopolitical headwinds', 'full benefit', 'inflationary environment', 'balance sheet', 'product strategy', 'targeted acquisitions', 'technological companies', 'micro-merchant segment', 'Trust 2025 program', 'CSR dimensions', 'leading consolidator', '2022 key figures', 'rapid shift', 'digital payments', 'temporary impact', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', '+110 basis points', 'infrequent items', 'dilutive basis', 'First name', 'TSS activities', 'Ingenico combination', 'significant progress', 'Worldline flexibility', 'continued operations', '2022 results', '46% to', 'commas', 'Message', 'motion', 'Completion', 'sale', 'Expansion', 'verticals', '2023 objectives1', '100 bps', 'February', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'CEO', 'parallel', 'disposal', 'marketplaces', '2025 targets', 'ratings', '2024 ambition', 'achievement', 'widespread', 'Mobility', 'recovery', 'price', 'renewals', 'Equens', 'Depreciation', 'Amortization', 'unusual', 'tax', '26.0', '€']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACOMO-N-V-6375/news/ACOMO-N-reports-record-results-for-2022-with-an-increase-of-13-in-sales-and-7-in-operating-pro-43037561/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,ACOMO N : reports record results for 2022 with an increase of +13% in sales and +7% in operating profit while substantially reducing net debt,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE: FINANCIAL YEAR 2022   ACOMO REPORTS RECORD RESULTS FOR 2022 WITH AN INCREASE OF +13% IN SALES AND +7% IN OPERATING PROFIT WHILE SUBSTANTIALLY REDUCING NET DEBT   A FINAL DIVIDEND OF €0.80 PER SHARE IS PROPOSED FOR…,PRESS RELEASE: FINANCIAL YEAR 2022 ACOMO REPORTS RECORD RESULTS FOR 2022 WITH AN INCREASE OF +13% IN SALES AND +7% IN OPERATING PROFIT WHILE SUBSTANTIALLY REDUCING NET DEBT A FINAL DIVIDEND OF €0.80 PER SHARE IS PROPOSED FOR A TOTAL FULL-YEAR DIVIDEND OF €1.25  ANOTHER RECORD ROTTERDAM (NL)  21 FEBRUARY 2023 ACOMO N.V. (Acomo)  the Euronext Amsterdam-listed diversified  plant-based food ingredients and products Group  achieved record results with sales (+13%) of €1.4 billion and adjusted EBITDA (+7%) of €108 million for the fiscal year 2022  despite a challenging market environment  inflationary pressures  and geopolitical unrest. Operating cash flow was strong  resulting in substantially reduced net debt leverage ratio of 2.7x per 31 December 2022  down from 3.2x at the end of 2021. Adjusted Earnings Per Share increased to €2.07  an increase of +3% versus 2021. (in € millions) 2022 2021 Change vs 2021 Sales 1 422.8 1 254.4 +13% Adjusted EBITDA 108.4 101.3 +7% Net Profit 54.9 54.0 +2% Adjusted EPS in € 2.07 2.01 +3% Pending the finalization of the external audit  the financials 2022 shown above are unaudited. 'Given the strong performance in all segments and substantially lower net debt of the Group  we are extremely pleased to announce a record dividend for 2022 ' said Chief Executive Officer Kathy Fortmann. 'Our teams around the world achieved these excellent results despite extraordinary levels of geopolitical instability  inflation  and price volatility. The combined performance of our diverse set of operating companies continues to underscore the resilience of our businesses and teams and proves once again the significant value we create for our customers and suppliers by providing peace of mind and ensuring the continuity of their businesses.' The Board of Directors is proud of the performance the teams delivered  supporting our customers and suppliers as reliable partners in the face of significant external challenges. 1 PRESS RELEASE: FINANCIAL YEAR 2022 ROTTERDAM  21 FEBRUARY 2023In addition to delivering outstanding results  the company amended and extended its main financing agreement on improved terms  increasing the existing revolving credit facility from €345 to €420 million and extending the existing term loan until 2027. The Group realized record sales and profits in 2022. Adjusted EBITDA increased for the segments Edible Seeds  Organic Ingredients  Tea  and Food Solutions. Spices and Nuts delivered the second-most successful year in history. In 2022  consolidated reported sales of the Group increased by +13% to €1 422.8 million (2021: €1 254.4 million). Reported gross profit increased by +8% to €184.6 million (2021: €170.2 million). For the full year 2022  reported net profit reached €54.9 million  an increase of +2% versus 2021 (€54.0 million). Consolidated figures (in € millions) 2022 2021 Sales 1 422.8 1 254.4 Gross profit 184.6 170.2 Operating income (EBIT) 84.9 80.2 Financial result (11.2) (7.1) Corporate income tax (18.8) (19.1) Net profit 54.9 54.0 Total Shareholders' equity 411.9 364.3 Total equity 413.7 365.7 Total assets 860.8 866.8 Ratios Solvency - total equity as % of total assets 48.1% 42.2% Leverage ratio (net debt/EBITDA) 2.7x 3.2x Earnings and equity per share (in €) Adjusted Earnings per share 2.07 2.01 Earnings per share (reported) 1.85 1.82 Equity per share as at 31 December 13.91 12.30 Pending the finalization of the external audit  the financials 2022 shown above are unaudited. 2 PRESS RELEASE: FINANCIAL YEAR 2022 ROTTERDAM  21 FEBRUARY 2023Activity reviews per segment Sales 2022 Adjusted EBITDA 2022 10% 2% 8% 5% Spices and Nuts 31% Edible Seeds 35% 27% Organic Ingredients 38% Tea 19% Food Solutions 25% Spices and Nuts Spices and Nuts continues to be the most profitable segment in the Group. The segment had its second-best year in history with an increase in revenue of +5% versus prior year. Profitability was impacted by continued price pressure on most products in this segment. Most spices  including pepper  cardamom  garlic  and ginger  decreased substantially in price  while nutmeg and cloves remained stable and increased slightly  respectively. Cumin prices reached historically high levels. Prices of major nuts  including cashews  almonds  macadamias  pecan  hazelnut  and walnut significantly decreased. Desiccated coconut prices decreased by more than -20% compared to previous year. Companies in this segment continued to perform well due to knowledge of sourcing origins  management of supply chains  relationship with suppliers  focus on customers  the addition of new products to the portfolio  and an increase in value-added services such as processing and packing. Edible Seeds The Edible Seeds segment realized an increase in revenue of more than +20% versus prior year. The activities of the segment in North America showed a strong performance across most business areas. Processing and contract manufacturing activities reported double-digit growth driven by increased consumer demand and growth with existing and new customers. Packaging automation projects were executed successfully  and margins improved across all products and activities despite higher input costs. The Wildlife business delivered a strong performance due to growing consumer demand  and the Pecking OrderTM brand  with new product offerings for backyard poultry  proved to be on-trend with evolving consumer needs. SunButter®  the leading brand for non-peanut allergen-free spreads in the USA  benefited from increasing retail distribution. In Europe  sales of sesame  poppy  and other seeds were stable throughout the year. Price volatility was high as buyers and processors stocked up in the first half of the year  resulting in lower demand in the second half. With high inflation and weakening consumer confidence  demand remained under pressure. Demand for pasteurized products benefited from the growing awareness of food safety and the benefits of preventive heat-treatment. 3 PRESS RELEASE: FINANCIAL YEAR 2022 ROTTERDAM  21 FEBRUARY 2023Organic Ingredients Tradin Organic increased business despite economic turmoil  geopolitical instability  and global logistics challenges. The North American business excelled. The Cocoa business was able to meet the demand at relatively stable margins despite higher energy costs and lower demand end of 2022. The Fruit business realized increased sales and margins in North America and Europe compared to the prior year  driven by increased consumer demand for healthy  sustainable products. The premium juice business in the USA  Big Basin Foods  continued to meet the demand  especially for organic orange juice  albeit with lower margins due to long-term contracts with retailers and delays in passing along price increases for packing  materials  and transportation. Tradin's organic coffee business  Trabocca  continued to generate good margins. Nuts and Dried Fruit was relatively flat for the year overall. Tradin's Oil business did well in North America and Europe. The market demand for organic sunflower oil increased in the first half of the year due to the instability in Ukraine and neighbouring countries. Tradin was able to meet the increased demand for sunflower oil produced in Bulgaria due to its local sourcing position. Tea Royal Van Rees Group grew operating profit by +10%  despite lower volumes due to numerous challenges in the segment. Tea prices increased across the world as crisis-ridden Sri Lanka suffered a -20% loss in crop and sharp price increases  mainly due to the collapse of the local currency. African tea prices remained buoyant throughout 2022 backed by strong demand  and India saw increased demand and recorded sharp price increases. Amidst these difficult market conditions  the North American fruit and herbs business grew and will continue to be a focus area of future growth. Food Solutions Snick EuroIngredients had another record year due to the introduction of innovative new concepts and solutions. All of Snick's three pillars (dry blends  wet blends  and distribution) showed higher sales and margins driven by their strong performance. During the year  the capacity of the wet blend lines was expanded to meet the increasing demand from customers and ensure delivery of high-quality products. Snick managed to align its innovation capabilities  products  and services very closely with customer and consumer demand for culinary solutions  plant-based products  and alternative protein sources. Consolidated Income Statement The reported results include amortization charges of -€5.0 million in 2022 in relation to the Tradin Organic acquisition. Unrealized foreign currency (FX) and commodity (CX) hedge results are also included in the income statement. These items impacted both gross profit and operating expenses. Unrealized FX and CX hedge results (due to not applying hedge accounting) had a negative effect on reported gross profit of -€3.8 million (+€3.6 million in 2021). The impact of unrealized FX and CX hedge results on reported net profit was -€2.8 million (+€2.7 million in 2021). 4 PRESS RELEASE: FINANCIAL YEAR 2022 ROTTERDAM  21 FEBRUARY 2023,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.08,0.25,True,English,"['ACOMO N', 'record results', 'operating profit', 'net debt', 'increase', 'sales', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed diversified, plant-based food ingredients', 'Chief Executive Officer Kathy Fortmann', 'existing revolving credit facility', 'SUBSTANTIALLY REDUCING NET DEBT', 'net debt leverage ratio', 'ACOMO REPORTS RECORD RESULTS', 'The Edible Seeds segment', 'challenging market environment', 'main financing agreement', 'Packaging automation projects', 'lower net debt', 'ACOMO N.V.', 'existing term loan', 'Corporate income tax', 'most business areas', 'Operating cash flow', 'Desiccated coconut prices', 'contract manufacturing activities', 'significant external challenges', 'TOTAL FULL-YEAR DIVIDEND', 'ANOTHER RECORD ROTTERDAM', ""Total Shareholders' equity"", 'Organic Ingredients', 'Food Solutions', 'record dividend', 'Net Profit', 'Operating income', 'The Board', 'excellent results', 'significant value', 'outstanding results', 'FINAL DIVIDEND', 'external audit', 'Total assets', 'most products', 'OPERATING PROFIT', 'Total equity', 'The Group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'FINANCIAL YEAR', 'fiscal year', 'inflationary pressures', 'geopolitical unrest', 'extraordinary levels', 'geopolitical instability', 'diverse set', 'reliable partners', 'successful year', 'gross profit', 'full year', 'Consolidated figures', 'Financial result', '6.8 Ratios Solvency', 'Activity reviews', 'best year', 'prior year', 'Cumin prices', 'high levels', 'previous year', 'sourcing origins', 'supply chains', 'new products', 'value-added services', 'North America', 'consumer demand', 'record sales', 'strong performance', 'combined performance', 'operating companies', 'Most spices', 'profitable segment', 'price volatility', 'price pressure', 'double-digit growth', 'products Group', 'major nuts', 'Adjusted Earnings', 'new customers', 'segment Sales', 'Nuts Spices', '2021 Sales', '7 2.01 Earnings', 'INCREASE', 'NL', '21 FEBRUARY', 'EBITDA', '31 December', 'Change', 'EPS', 'finalization', 'financials', 'segments', 'teams', 'world', 'resilience', 'businesses', 'suppliers', 'peace', 'mind', 'continuity', 'Directors', 'face', 'addition', 'company', 'terms', 'profits', 'second', 'history', 'millions', 'revenue', 'Profitability', 'continued', 'pepper', 'cardamom', 'garlic', 'ginger', 'cloves', 'cashews', 'almonds', 'macadamias', 'pecan', 'hazelnut', 'knowledge', 'management', 'relationship', 'focus', 'portfolio', 'processing', 'packing', '2022', '€']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/evolvemkd-unveils-the-evolution-of-communication-from-fake-news-to-news-you-can-use-301751858.html,"EvolveMKD Unveils the Evolution of Communication: From ""Fake News"" to ""News You Can Use""",New Survey Explores Disconnect Between How Media Perceives Itself Versus Public Perception NEW YORK  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- EvolveMKD  a New York City-based digital marketing and communications firm  partnered with global market research firm Ipsos  on…,"New Survey Explores Disconnect Between How Media Perceives Itself Versus Public PerceptionNEW YORK  Feb. 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- EvolveMKD   a New York City-based digital marketing and communications firm  partnered with global market research firm Ipsos  on a two-part survey  the ""Evolution of Communication "" that explores the credibility of media outlets and perceptions of news stories. EvolveMKD surveyed 1 000 U.S. consumers and 500 media professionals online to better understand the changing communications landscape.Evolution of Communication Video The New Media ConsumerExperience the full interactive Multichannel News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/9141851-evolvemkd-unveils-evolution-of-communication-survey-and-report/This research shows that the majority of consumers and media professionals agree that media is just as  if not more  important now than ever before. But they disagree on both the role the media plays in society and on the legitimacy of media outlets. Nearly 40% of consumers surveyed say the media focuses more on creating entertainment rather than reporting the news  directly conflicting with what consumers say they prefer from media. Nearly half of consumers believe the media has an agenda (45%) and 41% believe the media is biased.These findings confirm what we've known for years about how consumers view media  but the survey did find many interesting trends. Here are a few highlights:The media doesn't realize their audiences don't trust them.When asked how their audiences would describe them  the media picked words like ""trustworthy""  ""credible""  ""authentic"" or ""truthful."" Meanwhile  responses from consumers were that the media is ""biased""  ""political "" or ""deceitful.""Generational differences determine how media is consumed and perceived.Younger Americans (ages 18-44) are more likely to think media is more important compared to their older counterparts (45 and older)  and that is in part because of the rise of social media and its impact on how we consume media.Why this matters?Media professionals and communications experts can use this survey and its takeaways as a guide for telling stories for different audiences. ""This is our second year undertaking a research project to get a better understanding of how Americans communicate and how that impacts our clients and the communications industry as a whole "" said Megan Driscoll  CEO and Founder of EvolveMKD. ""Telling a meaningful story through earned media is getting more complicated  this data highlights how to leverage client assets to reach a skeptical audience with what they will consider news they can use.""To learn more about the ""Evolution of Communication: From Fake News to News You Can Use "" download the full survey findings  or learn more visit EvolveMKD.com/research.About EvolveMKDEvolveMKD is a public relations and digital communications agency that combines customized solutions with high touch client service. The agency's goal is to navigate the ever-changing world of how companies interact with consumers and become the dominating brand storytellers in the communications space. Through strategic thinking and flawless execution  EvolveMKD leverages its strong relationships across industries and key stakeholders to help our clients achieve superior business results.About IpsosIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPContact:EvolveMKD[email protected]646-517-4220SOURCE EvolveMKD",neutral,0.01,0.91,0.08,mixed,0.17,0.04,0.79,True,English,"['Fake News', 'EvolveMKD', 'Evolution', 'Communication', 'full interactive Multichannel News Release', 'New York City-based digital marketing', 'high touch client service', 'global market research firm', 'The New Media Consumer', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'largest market research', 'many interesting trends', 'dominating brand storytellers', 'superior business results', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'digital communications agency', 'curious research professionals', 'full survey findings', 'changing communications landscape', '1,000 U.S. consumers', 'social media monitoring', 'communications firm', 'New Survey', 'client assets', 'research project', 'communications experts', 'communications industry', 'changing world', 'communications space', 'Public Perception', 'Nearly half', 'Generational differences', 'older counterparts', 'second year', 'Megan Driscoll', 'meaningful story', 'skeptical audience', 'Fake News', 'public relations', 'strategic thinking', 'flawless execution', 'strong relationships', 'key stakeholders', 'powerful insights', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'two-part survey', '500 media professionals', 'news stories', 'Younger Americans', 'customized solutions', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'primary data', 'media outlets', 'Communication Video', 'different audiences', '75 solutions', 'Disconnect', 'PRNewswire', 'EvolveMKD', 'Ipsos', 'Evolution', 'credibility', 'perceptions', 'multivu', 'players', 'unveils', 'communication-survey', 'report', 'majority', 'role', 'society', 'legitimacy', 'entertainment', 'agenda', 'years', 'highlights', 'words', 'responses', 'rise', 'impact', 'takeaways', 'guide', 'clients', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'goal', 'industries', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Contact', 'SOURCE']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,prnewswire.com
18992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAPGEMINI-SE-4624/news/Capgemini-delivers-another-record-performance-in-2022-43037302/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022,(marketscreener.com)  Media relations:Victoire GruxTel.: +33 6 04 52 16 55victoire.grux@capgemini.com Investor relations:Vincent BiraudTel.: +33 1 47 54 50 87vincent.biraud@capgemini.com Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 Revenues of €21 9…,Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 02/21/2023 | 01:01am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Media relations:Victoire GruxTel.: +33 6 04 52 16 55victoire.grux@capgemini.com Investor relations:Vincent BiraudTel.: +33 1 47 54 50 87vincent.biraud@capgemini.com Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 Revenues of €21 995 million  up +21.1%FY constant currency growth of +16.6% and organic growth * of +15.3%Q4 constant currency growth of +14.0% and organic growth* of +12.8% Operating margin * up 10 basis points to 13.0% of revenues+34% increase in net profit  Group share  with normalized earnings per share * up +25%Organic free cash flow * of €1 852 millionProposed dividend of €3.25 per shareParis  February 21  2023 – The Board of Directors of Capgemini SE  chaired by Paul Hermelin  convened on February 20 in Paris to review and adopt the accounts1 of the Capgemini Group for the year-ended December 31  2022. Aiman Ezzat  Chief Executive Officer of the Capgemini Group  said: “This is another record year for our Group  with 16.6% constant currency growth and 13.0% operating margin*. We ended 2022 with good momentum despite a less favorable economic environment. Therefore  we enter 2023 on a solid footing. This excellent performance is the result of our increased client intimacy and the remarkable commitment of our 360 000 team members. In 2022  we accelerated our investments in innovation  in digital & cloud and in our sustainability services. We also reinforced our attractiveness to recruit the best talents. As part of our ESG commitments  the average number of training hours per employee increased by 12% this year and the carbon footprint per employee was 46% lower than in 2019. The Group’s transformation over the past few years enables us to be recognized as a business and technology partner by our clients across their entire value chain. The Group is now positioned as a major strategic player in this dual transition towards a digital and sustainable world. I am confident in our ability to further strengthen our position with clients and expand our market share.” KEY FIGURES (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Revenues 18 160 21 995 +21.1% Operating margin* 2 340 2 867 +22% as a % of revenues 12.9% 13.0% +10 basis points Operating profit 1 839 2 393 +30% as a % of revenues 10.1% 10.9% Net profit (Group share) 1 157 1 547 +34% Basic earnings per share (€) 6.87 9.09 +32% Normalized earnings per share (€)* 9.19 a 11.52 a +25% Organic free cash flow* 1 873 1 852 Net cash / (Net debt) * (3 224) (2 566) a Excluding a transitional tax expense of €73 million in 2022  compared to €36 million in 2021. Capgemini recorded another year of strong growth  with results exceeding or in line with 2022 financial targets. In a macroeconomic environment affected by the war in Ukraine  inflationary pressures and rising interest rates  the Group is benefiting from the structural demand from large corporations and organizations for digital transformation projects covering an increasing scope of their value chain  particularly in the Intelligent Industry and Customer First areas. Continued momentum in Cloud and Data reflects the priority given by Group clients to their investments in technology. These investments are increasingly made as part of high added-value strategic projects requiring strong industry expertise. The Group reported revenues of €21 995 million in 2022  up +21.1% vs. 2021 published figures. Constant currency growth* was +16.6%  above the 2022 target range of +14% to +15%  which was revised upwards on the publication of the half-year results. As acquisitions contributed +1.3 points to growth  organic growth* (i.e. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations and changes in Group scope) reached +15.3%. Despite a more demanding economic environment  momentum exceeded expectations in Q4  with constant currency growth of +14.0% and organic growth of +12.8%. Bookings totaled €23 719 million in 2022  a year-on-year increase of +16.8% at constant exchange rates  representing a book-to-bill ratio for the year of 1.08. In Q4  bookings rose +11.4% at constant exchange rates to reach €6 685 million  corresponding to a book-to-bill ratio of 1.16. The operating margin* increased by +22% to €2 867 million  representing 13.0% of revenues  compared with 12.9% in 2021. This 10-basis point improvement is consistent with the 2022 target of an increase of 0 to 20 basis points. A shift in the project mix  towards more innovative and value creating offers  more than offset the post-pandemic return of some operating costs - such as travel and facilities costs - and the higher cost of developing Group talent. Other operating income and expense is a net expense of €474 million  down from €501 million in 2021. Capgemini’s operating profit is therefore up +30% at €2 393 million  or 10.9% of revenues. The financial expense is €129 million  compared with €159 million in 2021. The income tax expense is €710 million compared with €526 million last year. It includes €73 million due to the transitional impact of the 2017 US tax reform  compared with €36 million in 2021. Adjusted for exceptional items  the effective tax rate is down slightly at 28.1%  compared with 29.2% in 2021. Net profit (Group share) is therefore up by +34% year-on-year to €1 547 million  while basic earnings per share increased by +32% to €9.09. Normalized earnings per share* is €11.09. Normalized earnings per share adjusted for the transitional tax expense is €11.52  up +25% year-on-year. Organic free cash flow* is above €1 700 million  as targeted for 2022  and reaches €1 852 million. In 2022  Capgemini invested €204 million in acquisitions. The Group also paid dividends of €409 million (€2.40 per share) and allocated €811 million (net) to share buyback programs. Finally  the 9th employee share ownership plan - which proved highly successful and thus contributed to maintaining employee shareholding above 8% of the share capital - led to a gross capital increase of €508 million. The Board of Directors has decided to recommend the payment of a dividend of €3.25 per share at the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 16  2023. The corresponding payout ratio is 35% of net profit (Group share)  in line with the Group’s distribution policy. OPERATIONS BY REGION Change in revenues at constant exchange rates Q42022 FY2022 North America +12.3% +15.0% United Kingdom and Ireland +15.3% +19.4% France +11.9% +12.5% Rest of Europe +15.2% +16.1% Asia-Pacific and Latin America +19.6% +30.6% TOTAL +14.0% +16.6% For the full year:All Group regions posted double-digit growth at constant exchange rates in 2022  driven by strong underlying momentum visible across almost all sectors. Revenues in North America (31% of Group revenues) grew by +15.0%  driven by strong momentum in the Financial Services  TMT (Telecoms  Media and Technology) and Manufacturing sectors. The operating margin rate remained virtually stable at 15.6%  compared to 15.9% in 2021. The United Kingdom and Ireland region (12% of Group revenues) recorded another year of strong growth  with revenues up +19.4%. The Public Sector was once again very dynamic  as were the Consumer Goods and Energy & Utilities sectors. The operating margin held at a record level of 18.0%  as achieved in 2021. France (19% of Group revenues) revenues were up +12.5%  primarily fueled by the Manufacturing sector and  to a lesser extent  the Consumer Goods sector. The operating margin increased by 190 basis points year-on-year to 12.1%. The Rest of Europe region (29% of Group revenues) grew +16.1%  with the Manufacturing and Consumer Goods sectors as the top contributors. The operating margin contracted slightly to 11.6% from 12.3% a year earlier. Finally  revenues in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America region (9% of Group revenues) increased sharply by +30.6%  boosted by 2021 Group acquisitions in the region and solid underlying organic momentum in the Financial Services and Manufacturing sectors. The operating margin was 10.6% compared with 11.5% in 2021. Q4 2022:Growth rates exceeded expectations in the final months of the year while  as expected  they slowed slightly on levels observed since the beginning of the year. This momentum was visible in all Group regions as well as the main Group sectors. OPERATIONS BY BUSINESS Change in total revenues*at constant exchange rates Q4 2022 FY2022 Strategy & Transformation +25.4% +28.2% Applications & Technology +14.4% +18.0% Operations & Engineering +13.0% +13.4% For the full year:All Group business lines also reported double-digit growth rates in 2022 at constant exchange rates. Strategy & Transformation consulting services (8% of Group revenues) reported a +28.2% rise in total revenues  showcasing the Group’s ability to support clients’ strategic projects. Applications & Technology services (63% of Group revenues and Capgemini’s core business) reported an +18.0% increase in total revenues  driven by digital transformation demand from large corporations and organizations across a growing share of their value chain. Finally  Operations & Engineering total revenues (29% of Group revenues) grew +13.4%  primarily driven by robust momentum in Engineering services and supported by solid growth in Infrastructure and Cloud services. Q4 2022:All Group business lines reported stronger than expected growth in Q4  although slightly lower than in previous quarters. Strategy & Transformation services and Applications & Technology services reported growth at constant exchange rates of +25.4% and +14.4%  respectively. Operations & Engineering services revenues grew +13.0% at constant exchange rates. HEADCOUNT At December 31  2022  the Group’s total headcount stood at 359 600. This 11% increase year-on-year  in a skilled labor market that remained tight throughout 2022  demonstrates Capgemini's ability to attract talent to fuel its growth. 210 300 employees work in offshore centers  some 58.5% of the total headcount  up +0.5 points vs. December 2021. BALANCE SHEET Capgemini’s balance sheet structure changed little in 2022. At December 31  2022  the Group had cash and cash equivalents and cash management assets of €4.2 billion. After accounting for borrowings of €6.8 billion and derivative instruments  Group net debt* is €2.6 billion at December 31  2022  down compared with €3.2 billion at December 31  2021. CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY In line with the commitments of its ESG (Environment  Social and Governance) Policy presented in December 2021  Capgemini achieved significant progress during the year in terms of corporate sustainability. Firstly  in 2022 the Group strengthened its position as a leader committed to fostering diversity and inclusion. Regarding gender diversity in particular  the proportion of women in the Group’s global workforce rose by over 2 points for the second year running  making the Group one of the fastest improving companies in its sector: the proportion of women in the total workforce reached 37.8% at the end of 2022 compared with 35.8% a year earlier  and 24.4% among the Group’s executive leaders compared with 22.4% at the end of 2021. Capgemini was also awarded global EDGEplus certification by the EDGE (Economic Dividends for Gender Equality) Certified Foundation  in recognition of the Group’s commitment to intersectional equity in all its dimensions. In human capital development  the Group provided 17.4 million training hours to employees in 2022  compared with 12.8 million in 2021. This represents a 12% increase in the average number of training hours per employee  well above the Group’s commitment to an annual 5% increase. In addition  since 2018  1.9 million individuals have now benefited from Capgemini’s many digital inclusion initiatives  of which over 1 million in 2022 alone. Regarding environmental sustainability  Capgemini was one of the first companies globally to have its “net zero emissions” targets validated according to the new tighter SBTi (Science-Based Targets initiative) net-zero standard published at the end of 2021. The Group has set more ambitious near-term (2030) and long-term (2040) carbon footprint targets  with in particular a 90% reduction in all emissions (scopes 1  2 and 3) by 2040. At the end of 2022  carbon emissions had already fallen by 29% for the Group as a whole and 46% per employee against the 2019 baseline set by the SBTi. Of the many initiatives undertaken  Capgemini’s Energy Command Center (launched in March 2022) achieved a 29% reduction in energy consumption across the Group’s Indian campuses compared to 2019 and helped increase the share of renewable energies in the Group’s electricity consumption - which reached 87% in 2022 compared with 53% in 2021. Thanks to progress achieved by Capgemini in 2022  the Group was admitted to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) Europe at the end of the year. OUTLOOK The Group’s financial targets for 2023 are: Revenue growth of +4% to +7% at constant currency;Operating margin of 13.0% to 13.2%;Organic free cash flow around €1.8 billion.The inorganic contribution to growth should be 0.5 points at the lower end of the target range and 1.0 point at the upper end. CONFERENCE CALL Aiman Ezzat  Chief Executive Officer  accompanied by Carole Ferrand  Chief Financial Officer  and Olivier Sevillia  Chief Operating Officer  will present this press release during a conference call in English to be held today at 8.00 a.m. Paris time (CET). You can follow this conference call live via webcast at the following link. A replay will also be available for a period of one year. All documents relating to this publication will be posted on the Capgemini investor website at https://investors.capgemini.com/en/. PROVISIONAL CALENDAR May 4  2023 Q1 2023 revenuesMay 16  2023 Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 28  2023 H1 2023 results The dividend payment schedule to be submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting for approval would be: May 30  2023 Ex-dividend date on Euronext ParisJune 1  2023 Payment of the dividend DISCLAIMER This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements may include projections  estimates  assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations and services and product development  as well as statements  regarding future performance or events. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans”  “projects”  “may”  “would”  “should” or the negatives of these terms and similar expressions. Although Capgemini’s management currently believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties (including  without limitation  risks identified in Capgemini’s Universal Registration Document available on Capgemini’s website)  because they relate to future events and depend on future circumstances that may or may not occur and may be different from those anticipated  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Capgemini. Actual results and developments may differ materially from those expressed in  implied by or projected by forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not intended to and do not give any assurances or comfort as to future events or results. Other than as required by applicable law  Capgemini does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction. ABOUT CAPGEMINI Capgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 360 000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise  Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs  from strategy and design to operations  fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud  data  AI  connectivity  software  digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of €22 billion.Get the Future You Want | www.capgemini.com * * * APPENDIX2 BUSINESS CLASSIFICATION Strategy & Transformation includes all strategy  innovation and transformation consulting services.includes all strategy  innovation and transformation consulting services. Applications & Technology brings together “Application Services” and related activities and notably local technology services.brings together “Application Services” and related activities and notably local technology services. Operations & Engineering encompasses all other Group businesses. These comprise Business Services (including Business Process Outsourcing and transaction services)  all Infrastructure and Cloud services  and R&D and Engineering services.DEFINITIONS Organic growth or like-for-like growth in revenues is the growth rate calculated at constant Group scope and exchange rates. The Group scope and exchange rates used are those for the reported period. Exchange rates for the reported period are also used to calculate growth at constant exchange rates. Reconciliation of growth rates Q12022 Q22022 Q32022 Q42022 FY2022 Organic growth +16.3% +18.1% +14.3% +12.8% +15.3% Changes in Group scope +1.4 pts +1.2 pts +1.4 pts +1.2 pts +1.3 pts Growth at constant exchange rates +17.7% +19.3% +15.7% +14.0% +16.6% Exchange rate fluctuations +3.3 pts +5.1 pts +6.3 pts +3.5 pts +4.5 pts Reported growth +21.0% +24.4% +22.0% +17.5% +21.1% When determining activity trends by business and in accordance with internal operating performance measures  growth at constant exchange rates is calculated based on total revenues  i.e. before elimination of inter-business billing. The Group considers this to be more representative of activity levels by business. As its businesses change  an increasing number of contracts require a range of business expertise for delivery  leading to a rise in inter-business flows. Operating margin is one of the Group’s key performance indicators. It is defined as the difference between revenues and operating costs. It is calculated before “Other operating income and expense” which include amortization of intangible assets recognized in business combinations  the charge resulting from the deferred recognition of the fair value of shares granted to employees (including social security contributions and employer contributions)  and non-recurring revenues and expenses  notably impairment of goodwill  negative goodwill  capital gains or losses on disposals of consolidated companies or businesses  restructuring costs incurred under a detailed formal plan approved by the Group’s management  the cost of acquiring and integrating companies acquired by the Group  including earn-outs comprising conditions of presence  and the effects of curtailments  settlements and transfers of defined benefit pension plans. Normalized net profit is equal to profit for the year (Group share) adjusted for the impact of items recognized in “Other operating income and expense”  net of tax calculated using the effective tax rate. Normalized earnings per share is computed like basic earnings per share  i.e. excluding dilution. Organic free cash flow is equal to cash flow from operations less acquisitions of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets (net of disposals) and repayments of lease liabilities  adjusted for cash out relating to the net interest cost. Net debt (or net cash) comprises (i) cash and cash equivalents  as presented in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (consisting of short-term investments and cash at bank) less bank overdrafts  and also including (ii) cash management assets (assets presented separately in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position due to their characteristics)  less (iii) short- and long-term borrowings. Account is also taken of (iv) the impact of hedging instruments when these relate to borrowings  intercompany loans and own shares. RESULTS BY REGION Revenues Year-on-year growth Operating margin rate 2022(in millions of euros) reportedat constant exchange rates 2021 2022 North America 6 737 +28.3% +15.0% 15.9% 15.6% United Kingdom and Ireland 2 561 +20.4% +19.4% 18.0% 18.0% France 4 276 +12.6% +12.5% 10.2% 12.1% Rest of Europe 6 437 +15.7% +16.1% 12.3% 11.6% Asia-Pacific and Latin America 1 984 +39.7% +30.6% 11.5% 10.6% TOTAL 21 995 +21.1% +16.6% 12.9% 13.0% RESULTS BY BUSINESS Total revenues* Year-on-year growth 2022(% of Group revenues) At constant exchange rates in Total revenues* of the business Strategy & Transformation 8% +28.2% Applications & Technology 63% +18.0% Operations & Engineering 29% +13.4% SUMMARY INCOME STATEMENT AND OPERATING MARGIN (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Revenues 18 160 21 995 +21.1% Operating expenses (15 820) (19 128) Operating margin 2 340 2 867 +22% as a % of revenues 12.9% 13.0% Other operating income and expense (501) (474) Operating profit 1 839 2 393 +30% as a % of revenues 10.1% 10.9% Net financial expense (159) (129) Income tax income/(expense) (526) (710) Share of profit of associates 5 (4) (-) Non-controlling interests (2) (3) Profit for the period  Group share 1 157 1 547 +34% NORMALIZED AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Average number of shares outstanding 168 574 058 170 251 066 BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE (in euros) 6.87 9.09 +32% Diluted average number of shares outstanding 173 899 033 176 019 736 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in euros) 6.66 8.79 +32% (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Profit for the period  Group share 1 157 1 547 +34% Effective tax rate 29.2% 28.1% (-) Other operating income and expense  net of tax 355 340 Normalized profit for the period 1 512 1 887 +25% Average number of shares outstanding 168 574 058 170 251 066 NORMALIZED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in euros) 8.97 11.09 +24% The Group recognized a tax expense of €73 million in 2022  compared with €36 million in 2021  in respect of the transitional impact of the 2017 US tax reform. Adjusted for this transitional tax expense  normalized earnings per share is €11.52 in 2022: (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Normalized earnings per share (in euros) 8.97 11.09 +24% Transitional tax (income) / expense 36 73 Average number of shares outstanding 168 574 058 170 251 066 Impact of the transitional tax (income) / expense (in euros) 0.22 0.43 Normalized earnings per share – excluding the transitional tax(income) / expense (in euros) 9.19 11.52 +25% CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND ORGANIC FREE CASH FLOW (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Net cash from operating activities 2 581 2 517 Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  net of disposals (262) (283) Net interest cost (126) (71) Repayments of lease liabilities (320) (311) ORGANIC FREE CASH FLOW 1 873 1 852 Other cash flows from (used in) investing and financing activities (1 716) (1 118) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 157 734 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations 134 (58) Opening cash and cash equivalents 2 828 3 119 Closing cash and cash equivalents 3 119 3 795 NET DEBT (in millions of euros) December 31  2021 December 31  2022 Cash and cash equivalents 3 129 3 802 Bank overdrafts (10) (7) Cash and cash equivalents 3 119 3 795 Cash management assets 385 386 Long-term borrowings (6 654) (5 655) Short-term borrowings and bank overdrafts (87) (1 102) (-) Bank overdrafts 10 7 Borrowings  excluding bank overdrafts (6 731) (6 750) Derivative instruments 3 3 NET CASH / (NET DEBT) (3 224) (2 566)1 Audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been completed. The auditors are in the process of issuing their report.2 Note that in the appendix  certain totals may not equal the sum of amounts due to rounding adjustments. Attachments Capgemini_-_2023-02-21_-_2022_Annual_ResultsCapgemini_-_2023_02_21_FY22_infographicsCapgemini_-_2023_02_21_Q422_infographics© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about CAPGEMINI SE 02/21 Global Risk-off Sentiment Hits European Equities as Private Sector Economy Picks Up MT 02/21 Global markets live: Airbus  Walmart  Meta  Home Depot... 02/21 French Stocks Slide as Challenging Manufacturing Conditions Persist MT 02/21 European Midday Briefing: Mood Downbeat on Fed -2- DJ 02/21 European shares hit by rate rise concerns RE 02/21 Transcript : Capgemini SE  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 21  2023 CI 02/21 Capgemini : FY 2022 Results PU 02/21 French IT Group Capgemini Posts Higher FY22 Net Profit MT 02/21 France's Capgemini sees weaker revenue growth in 2023 RE 02/21 Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 GL Analyst Recommendations on CAPGEMINI SE 2021 Analyst recommendations: Asos  Best Buy  Docusign  Greif  Hewlet.. 2021 Analyst recommendations: Allegiant Travel  Electronic Arts  Mole.. 2021 Analyst recommendations: Accenture  Comcast  DoorDash  Intel  Ro..,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.17,0.21,True,English,"['record performance', 'Capgemini', '2022', 'high added-value strategic projects', 'Organic free cash flow', 'FY constant currency growth', 'Q4 constant currency growth', 'major strategic player', 'constant exchange rates', 'multiple email addresses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'rising interest rates', '10-basis point improvement', 'income tax expens', '16.6% constant currency growth', 'favorable economic environment', 'demanding economic environment', 'Customer First areas', 'Other operating income', 'transitional tax expense', 'strong industry expertise', 'entire value chain', '0 to 20 basis points', 'digital transformation projects', 'Net cash', 'organic growth', 'currency fluctuations', 'strong growth', 'macroeconomic environment', '10 basis points', 'Intelligent Industry', 'Operating margin', 'Operating profit', 'operating costs', 'record performance', 'First name', 'Media relations', 'Investor relations', 'net profit', 'Paul Hermelin', 'Aiman Ezzat', 'good momentum', 'solid footing', 'excellent performance', 'client intimacy', 'remarkable commitment', '360,000 team members', 'sustainability services', 'best talents', 'ESG commitments', 'average number', 'training hours', 'carbon footprint', 'dual transition', 'sustainable world', 'Net debt', '2022 financial targets', 'inflationary pressures', 'structural demand', 'large corporations', 'increasing scope', 'Continued momentum', 'bill ratio', 'project mix', 'post-pandemic return', 'facilities costs', 'higher cost', 'net expense', 'financial expense', 'The Group', 'Group scope', 'Group talent', 'normalized earnings', 'Basic earnings', 'Vincent Biraud', 'technology partner', '2022 target range', 'half-year results', 'market share', 'record year', 'Capgemini SE', 'Group share', 'Capgemini Group', 'Group clients', 'Change Revenues', 'Victoire Grux', 'year increase', '+1.3 points', '+34% increase', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Tel.', 'dividend', 'Paris', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accounts1', 'ended', 'December', 'less', 'investments', 'innovation', 'cloud', 'attractiveness', 'employee', 'past', 'years', 'business', 'position', 'FIGURES', 'millions', 'euros', 'line', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'organizations', 'Data', 'priority', 'publication', 'acquisitions', 'impact', 'changes', 'expectations', 'Bookings', 'shift', 'innovative', 'offers', 'travel', '33', '10.', '2021']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18993,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAPGEMINI-SE-4624/news/Capgemini-delivers-another-record-performance-in-2022-43037303/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230221,Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022,(marketscreener.com) Media relations:Victoire GruxTel.: +33 6 04 52 16 55victoire.grux@capgemini.com Investor relations:Vincent BiraudTel.: +33 1 47 54 50 87vincent.biraud@capgemini.com Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 Revenues of €21 995…,Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 02/21/2023 | 01:01am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Media relations:Victoire GruxTel.: +33 6 04 52 16 55victoire.grux@capgemini.com Investor relations:Vincent BiraudTel.: +33 1 47 54 50 87vincent.biraud@capgemini.com Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 Revenues of €21 995 million  up +21.1%FY constant currency growth of +16.6% and organic growth * of +15.3%Q4 constant currency growth of +14.0% and organic growth* of +12.8% Operating margin * up 10 basis points to 13.0% of revenues+34% increase in net profit  Group share  with normalized earnings per share * up +25%Organic free cash flow * of €1 852 millionProposed dividend of €3.25 per shareParis  February 21  2023 – The Board of Directors of Capgemini SE  chaired by Paul Hermelin  convened on February 20 in Paris to review and adopt the accounts1 of the Capgemini Group for the year-ended December 31  2022. Aiman Ezzat  Chief Executive Officer of the Capgemini Group  said: “This is another record year for our Group  with 16.6% constant currency growth and 13.0% operating margin*. We ended 2022 with good momentum despite a less favorable economic environment. Therefore  we enter 2023 on a solid footing. This excellent performance is the result of our increased client intimacy and the remarkable commitment of our 360 000 team members. In 2022  we accelerated our investments in innovation  in digital & cloud and in our sustainability services. We also reinforced our attractiveness to recruit the best talents. As part of our ESG commitments  the average number of training hours per employee increased by 12% this year and the carbon footprint per employee was 46% lower than in 2019. The Group’s transformation over the past few years enables us to be recognized as a business and technology partner by our clients across their entire value chain. The Group is now positioned as a major strategic player in this dual transition towards a digital and sustainable world. I am confident in our ability to further strengthen our position with clients and expand our market share.” KEY FIGURES (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Revenues 18 160 21 995 +21.1% Operating margin* 2 340 2 867 +22% as a % of revenues 12.9% 13.0% +10 basis points Operating profit 1 839 2 393 +30% as a % of revenues 10.1% 10.9% Net profit (Group share) 1 157 1 547 +34% Basic earnings per share (€) 6.87 9.09 +32% Normalized earnings per share (€)* 9.19 a 11.52 a +25% Organic free cash flow* 1 873 1 852 Net cash / (Net debt) * (3 224) (2 566) a Excluding a transitional tax expense of €73 million in 2022  compared to €36 million in 2021. Capgemini recorded another year of strong growth  with results exceeding or in line with 2022 financial targets. In a macroeconomic environment affected by the war in Ukraine  inflationary pressures and rising interest rates  the Group is benefiting from the structural demand from large corporations and organizations for digital transformation projects covering an increasing scope of their value chain  particularly in the Intelligent Industry and Customer First areas. Continued momentum in Cloud and Data reflects the priority given by Group clients to their investments in technology. These investments are increasingly made as part of high added-value strategic projects requiring strong industry expertise. The Group reported revenues of €21 995 million in 2022  up +21.1% vs. 2021 published figures. Constant currency growth* was +16.6%  above the 2022 target range of +14% to +15%  which was revised upwards on the publication of the half-year results. As acquisitions contributed +1.3 points to growth  organic growth* (i.e. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations and changes in Group scope) reached +15.3%. Despite a more demanding economic environment  momentum exceeded expectations in Q4  with constant currency growth of +14.0% and organic growth of +12.8%. Bookings totaled €23 719 million in 2022  a year-on-year increase of +16.8% at constant exchange rates  representing a book-to-bill ratio for the year of 1.08. In Q4  bookings rose +11.4% at constant exchange rates to reach €6 685 million  corresponding to a book-to-bill ratio of 1.16. The operating margin* increased by +22% to €2 867 million  representing 13.0% of revenues  compared with 12.9% in 2021. This 10-basis point improvement is consistent with the 2022 target of an increase of 0 to 20 basis points. A shift in the project mix  towards more innovative and value creating offers  more than offset the post-pandemic return of some operating costs - such as travel and facilities costs - and the higher cost of developing Group talent. Other operating income and expense is a net expense of €474 million  down from €501 million in 2021. Capgemini’s operating profit is therefore up +30% at €2 393 million  or 10.9% of revenues. The financial expense is €129 million  compared with €159 million in 2021. The income tax expense is €710 million compared with €526 million last year. It includes €73 million due to the transitional impact of the 2017 US tax reform  compared with €36 million in 2021. Adjusted for exceptional items  the effective tax rate is down slightly at 28.1%  compared with 29.2% in 2021. Net profit (Group share) is therefore up by +34% year-on-year to €1 547 million  while basic earnings per share increased by +32% to €9.09. Normalized earnings per share* is €11.09. Normalized earnings per share adjusted for the transitional tax expense is €11.52  up +25% year-on-year. Organic free cash flow* is above €1 700 million  as targeted for 2022  and reaches €1 852 million. In 2022  Capgemini invested €204 million in acquisitions. The Group also paid dividends of €409 million (€2.40 per share) and allocated €811 million (net) to share buyback programs. Finally  the 9th employee share ownership plan - which proved highly successful and thus contributed to maintaining employee shareholding above 8% of the share capital - led to a gross capital increase of €508 million. The Board of Directors has decided to recommend the payment of a dividend of €3.25 per share at the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 16  2023. The corresponding payout ratio is 35% of net profit (Group share)  in line with the Group’s distribution policy. OPERATIONS BY REGION Change in revenues at constant exchange rates Q42022 FY2022 North America +12.3% +15.0% United Kingdom and Ireland +15.3% +19.4% France +11.9% +12.5% Rest of Europe +15.2% +16.1% Asia-Pacific and Latin America +19.6% +30.6% TOTAL +14.0% +16.6% For the full year:All Group regions posted double-digit growth at constant exchange rates in 2022  driven by strong underlying momentum visible across almost all sectors. Revenues in North America (31% of Group revenues) grew by +15.0%  driven by strong momentum in the Financial Services  TMT (Telecoms  Media and Technology) and Manufacturing sectors. The operating margin rate remained virtually stable at 15.6%  compared to 15.9% in 2021. The United Kingdom and Ireland region (12% of Group revenues) recorded another year of strong growth  with revenues up +19.4%. The Public Sector was once again very dynamic  as were the Consumer Goods and Energy & Utilities sectors. The operating margin held at a record level of 18.0%  as achieved in 2021. France (19% of Group revenues) revenues were up +12.5%  primarily fueled by the Manufacturing sector and  to a lesser extent  the Consumer Goods sector. The operating margin increased by 190 basis points year-on-year to 12.1%. The Rest of Europe region (29% of Group revenues) grew +16.1%  with the Manufacturing and Consumer Goods sectors as the top contributors. The operating margin contracted slightly to 11.6% from 12.3% a year earlier. Finally  revenues in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America region (9% of Group revenues) increased sharply by +30.6%  boosted by 2021 Group acquisitions in the region and solid underlying organic momentum in the Financial Services and Manufacturing sectors. The operating margin was 10.6% compared with 11.5% in 2021. Q4 2022:Growth rates exceeded expectations in the final months of the year while  as expected  they slowed slightly on levels observed since the beginning of the year. This momentum was visible in all Group regions as well as the main Group sectors. OPERATIONS BY BUSINESS Change in total revenues*at constant exchange rates Q4 2022 FY2022 Strategy & Transformation +25.4% +28.2% Applications & Technology +14.4% +18.0% Operations & Engineering +13.0% +13.4% For the full year:All Group business lines also reported double-digit growth rates in 2022 at constant exchange rates. Strategy & Transformation consulting services (8% of Group revenues) reported a +28.2% rise in total revenues  showcasing the Group’s ability to support clients’ strategic projects. Applications & Technology services (63% of Group revenues and Capgemini’s core business) reported an +18.0% increase in total revenues  driven by digital transformation demand from large corporations and organizations across a growing share of their value chain. Finally  Operations & Engineering total revenues (29% of Group revenues) grew +13.4%  primarily driven by robust momentum in Engineering services and supported by solid growth in Infrastructure and Cloud services. Q4 2022:All Group business lines reported stronger than expected growth in Q4  although slightly lower than in previous quarters. Strategy & Transformation services and Applications & Technology services reported growth at constant exchange rates of +25.4% and +14.4%  respectively. Operations & Engineering services revenues grew +13.0% at constant exchange rates. HEADCOUNT At December 31  2022  the Group’s total headcount stood at 359 600. This 11% increase year-on-year  in a skilled labor market that remained tight throughout 2022  demonstrates Capgemini's ability to attract talent to fuel its growth. 210 300 employees work in offshore centers  some 58.5% of the total headcount  up +0.5 points vs. December 2021. BALANCE SHEET Capgemini’s balance sheet structure changed little in 2022. At December 31  2022  the Group had cash and cash equivalents and cash management assets of €4.2 billion. After accounting for borrowings of €6.8 billion and derivative instruments  Group net debt* is €2.6 billion at December 31  2022  down compared with €3.2 billion at December 31  2021. CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY In line with the commitments of its ESG (Environment  Social and Governance) Policy presented in December 2021  Capgemini achieved significant progress during the year in terms of corporate sustainability. Firstly  in 2022 the Group strengthened its position as a leader committed to fostering diversity and inclusion. Regarding gender diversity in particular  the proportion of women in the Group’s global workforce rose by over 2 points for the second year running  making the Group one of the fastest improving companies in its sector: the proportion of women in the total workforce reached 37.8% at the end of 2022 compared with 35.8% a year earlier  and 24.4% among the Group’s executive leaders compared with 22.4% at the end of 2021. Capgemini was also awarded global EDGEplus certification by the EDGE (Economic Dividends for Gender Equality) Certified Foundation  in recognition of the Group’s commitment to intersectional equity in all its dimensions. In human capital development  the Group provided 17.4 million training hours to employees in 2022  compared with 12.8 million in 2021. This represents a 12% increase in the average number of training hours per employee  well above the Group’s commitment to an annual 5% increase. In addition  since 2018  1.9 million individuals have now benefited from Capgemini’s many digital inclusion initiatives  of which over 1 million in 2022 alone. Regarding environmental sustainability  Capgemini was one of the first companies globally to have its “net zero emissions” targets validated according to the new tighter SBTi (Science-Based Targets initiative) net-zero standard published at the end of 2021. The Group has set more ambitious near-term (2030) and long-term (2040) carbon footprint targets  with in particular a 90% reduction in all emissions (scopes 1  2 and 3) by 2040. At the end of 2022  carbon emissions had already fallen by 29% for the Group as a whole and 46% per employee against the 2019 baseline set by the SBTi. Of the many initiatives undertaken  Capgemini’s Energy Command Center (launched in March 2022) achieved a 29% reduction in energy consumption across the Group’s Indian campuses compared to 2019 and helped increase the share of renewable energies in the Group’s electricity consumption - which reached 87% in 2022 compared with 53% in 2021. Thanks to progress achieved by Capgemini in 2022  the Group was admitted to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) Europe at the end of the year. OUTLOOK The Group’s financial targets for 2023 are: Revenue growth of +4% to +7% at constant currency;Operating margin of 13.0% to 13.2%;Organic free cash flow around €1.8 billion.The inorganic contribution to growth should be 0.5 points at the lower end of the target range and 1.0 point at the upper end. CONFERENCE CALL Aiman Ezzat  Chief Executive Officer  accompanied by Carole Ferrand  Chief Financial Officer  and Olivier Sevillia  Chief Operating Officer  will present this press release during a conference call in English to be held today at 8.00 a.m. Paris time (CET). You can follow this conference call live via webcast at the following link. A replay will also be available for a period of one year. All documents relating to this publication will be posted on the Capgemini investor website at https://investors.capgemini.com/en/. PROVISIONAL CALENDAR May 4  2023 Q1 2023 revenuesMay 16  2023 Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 28  2023 H1 2023 results The dividend payment schedule to be submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting for approval would be: May 30  2023 Ex-dividend date on Euronext ParisJune 1  2023 Payment of the dividend DISCLAIMER This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements may include projections  estimates  assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations and services and product development  as well as statements  regarding future performance or events. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans”  “projects”  “may”  “would”  “should” or the negatives of these terms and similar expressions. Although Capgemini’s management currently believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties (including  without limitation  risks identified in Capgemini’s Universal Registration Document available on Capgemini’s website)  because they relate to future events and depend on future circumstances that may or may not occur and may be different from those anticipated  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Capgemini. Actual results and developments may differ materially from those expressed in  implied by or projected by forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not intended to and do not give any assurances or comfort as to future events or results. Other than as required by applicable law  Capgemini does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction. ABOUT CAPGEMINI Capgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 360 000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise  Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs  from strategy and design to operations  fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud  data  AI  connectivity  software  digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of €22 billion.Get the Future You Want | www.capgemini.com * * * APPENDIX2 BUSINESS CLASSIFICATION Strategy & Transformation includes all strategy  innovation and transformation consulting services.includes all strategy  innovation and transformation consulting services. Applications & Technology brings together “Application Services” and related activities and notably local technology services.brings together “Application Services” and related activities and notably local technology services. Operations & Engineering encompasses all other Group businesses. These comprise Business Services (including Business Process Outsourcing and transaction services)  all Infrastructure and Cloud services  and R&D and Engineering services.DEFINITIONS Organic growth or like-for-like growth in revenues is the growth rate calculated at constant Group scope and exchange rates. The Group scope and exchange rates used are those for the reported period. Exchange rates for the reported period are also used to calculate growth at constant exchange rates. Reconciliation of growth rates Q12022 Q22022 Q32022 Q42022 FY2022 Organic growth +16.3% +18.1% +14.3% +12.8% +15.3% Changes in Group scope +1.4 pts +1.2 pts +1.4 pts +1.2 pts +1.3 pts Growth at constant exchange rates +17.7% +19.3% +15.7% +14.0% +16.6% Exchange rate fluctuations +3.3 pts +5.1 pts +6.3 pts +3.5 pts +4.5 pts Reported growth +21.0% +24.4% +22.0% +17.5% +21.1% When determining activity trends by business and in accordance with internal operating performance measures  growth at constant exchange rates is calculated based on total revenues  i.e. before elimination of inter-business billing. The Group considers this to be more representative of activity levels by business. As its businesses change  an increasing number of contracts require a range of business expertise for delivery  leading to a rise in inter-business flows. Operating margin is one of the Group’s key performance indicators. It is defined as the difference between revenues and operating costs. It is calculated before “Other operating income and expense” which include amortization of intangible assets recognized in business combinations  the charge resulting from the deferred recognition of the fair value of shares granted to employees (including social security contributions and employer contributions)  and non-recurring revenues and expenses  notably impairment of goodwill  negative goodwill  capital gains or losses on disposals of consolidated companies or businesses  restructuring costs incurred under a detailed formal plan approved by the Group’s management  the cost of acquiring and integrating companies acquired by the Group  including earn-outs comprising conditions of presence  and the effects of curtailments  settlements and transfers of defined benefit pension plans. Normalized net profit is equal to profit for the year (Group share) adjusted for the impact of items recognized in “Other operating income and expense”  net of tax calculated using the effective tax rate. Normalized earnings per share is computed like basic earnings per share  i.e. excluding dilution. Organic free cash flow is equal to cash flow from operations less acquisitions of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets (net of disposals) and repayments of lease liabilities  adjusted for cash out relating to the net interest cost. Net debt (or net cash) comprises (i) cash and cash equivalents  as presented in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (consisting of short-term investments and cash at bank) less bank overdrafts  and also including (ii) cash management assets (assets presented separately in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position due to their characteristics)  less (iii) short- and long-term borrowings. Account is also taken of (iv) the impact of hedging instruments when these relate to borrowings  intercompany loans and own shares. RESULTS BY REGION Revenues Year-on-year growth Operating margin rate 2022(in millions of euros) reportedat constant exchange rates 2021 2022 North America 6 737 +28.3% +15.0% 15.9% 15.6% United Kingdom and Ireland 2 561 +20.4% +19.4% 18.0% 18.0% France 4 276 +12.6% +12.5% 10.2% 12.1% Rest of Europe 6 437 +15.7% +16.1% 12.3% 11.6% Asia-Pacific and Latin America 1 984 +39.7% +30.6% 11.5% 10.6% TOTAL 21 995 +21.1% +16.6% 12.9% 13.0% RESULTS BY BUSINESS Total revenues* Year-on-year growth 2022(% of Group revenues) At constant exchange rates in Total revenues* of the business Strategy & Transformation 8% +28.2% Applications & Technology 63% +18.0% Operations & Engineering 29% +13.4% SUMMARY INCOME STATEMENT AND OPERATING MARGIN (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Revenues 18 160 21 995 +21.1% Operating expenses (15 820) (19 128) Operating margin 2 340 2 867 +22% as a % of revenues 12.9% 13.0% Other operating income and expense (501) (474) Operating profit 1 839 2 393 +30% as a % of revenues 10.1% 10.9% Net financial expense (159) (129) Income tax income/(expense) (526) (710) Share of profit of associates 5 (4) (-) Non-controlling interests (2) (3) Profit for the period  Group share 1 157 1 547 +34% NORMALIZED AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Average number of shares outstanding 168 574 058 170 251 066 BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE (in euros) 6.87 9.09 +32% Diluted average number of shares outstanding 173 899 033 176 019 736 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in euros) 6.66 8.79 +32% (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Profit for the period  Group share 1 157 1 547 +34% Effective tax rate 29.2% 28.1% (-) Other operating income and expense  net of tax 355 340 Normalized profit for the period 1 512 1 887 +25% Average number of shares outstanding 168 574 058 170 251 066 NORMALIZED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in euros) 8.97 11.09 +24% The Group recognized a tax expense of €73 million in 2022  compared with €36 million in 2021  in respect of the transitional impact of the 2017 US tax reform. Adjusted for this transitional tax expense  normalized earnings per share is €11.52 in 2022: (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Change Normalized earnings per share (in euros) 8.97 11.09 +24% Transitional tax (income) / expense 36 73 Average number of shares outstanding 168 574 058 170 251 066 Impact of the transitional tax (income) / expense (in euros) 0.22 0.43 Normalized earnings per share – excluding the transitional tax(income) / expense (in euros) 9.19 11.52 +25% CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND ORGANIC FREE CASH FLOW (in millions of euros) 2021 2022 Net cash from operating activities 2 581 2 517 Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  net of disposals (262) (283) Net interest cost (126) (71) Repayments of lease liabilities (320) (311) ORGANIC FREE CASH FLOW 1 873 1 852 Other cash flows from (used in) investing and financing activities (1 716) (1 118) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 157 734 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations 134 (58) Opening cash and cash equivalents 2 828 3 119 Closing cash and cash equivalents 3 119 3 795 NET DEBT (in millions of euros) December 31  2021 December 31  2022 Cash and cash equivalents 3 129 3 802 Bank overdrafts (10) (7) Cash and cash equivalents 3 119 3 795 Cash management assets 385 386 Long-term borrowings (6 654) (5 655) Short-term borrowings and bank overdrafts (87) (1 102) (-) Bank overdrafts 10 7 Borrowings  excluding bank overdrafts (6 731) (6 750) Derivative instruments 3 3 NET CASH / (NET DEBT) (3 224) (2 566)1 Audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been completed. The auditors are in the process of issuing their report.2 Note that in the appendix  certain totals may not equal the sum of amounts due to rounding adjustments. Attachments Capgemini_-_2023-02-21_-_2022_Annual_ResultsCapgemini_-_2023_02_21_FY22_infographicsCapgemini_-_2023_02_21_Q422_infographicsAll news about CAPGEMINI SE 02/21 Global Risk-off Sentiment Hits European Equities as Private Sector Economy Picks Up MT 02/21 Global markets live: Airbus  Walmart  Meta  Home Depot... 02/21 French Stocks Slide as Challenging Manufacturing Conditions Persist MT 02/21 European Midday Briefing: Mood Downbeat on Fed -2- DJ 02/21 European shares hit by rate rise concerns RE 02/21 Transcript : Capgemini SE  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 21  2023 CI 02/21 Capgemini : FY 2022 Results PU 02/21 French IT Group Capgemini Posts Higher FY22 Net Profit MT 02/21 France's Capgemini sees weaker revenue growth in 2023 RE 02/21 Capgemini delivers another record performance in 2022 GL Analyst Recommendations on CAPGEMINI SE 2021 Analyst recommendations: Asos  Best Buy  Docusign  Greif  Hewlet.. 2021 Analyst recommendations: Allegiant Travel  Electronic Arts  Mole.. 2021 Analyst recommendations: Accenture  Comcast  DoorDash  Intel  Ro..,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.17,0.21,True,English,"['record performance', 'Capgemini', '2022', 'high added-value strategic projects', 'Organic free cash flow', 'FY constant currency growth', 'Q4 constant currency growth', 'major strategic player', 'constant exchange rates', 'multiple email addresses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'rising interest rates', '10-basis point improvement', 'income tax expens', '16.6% constant currency growth', 'favorable economic environment', 'demanding economic environment', 'Customer First areas', 'Other operating income', 'transitional tax expense', 'strong industry expertise', 'entire value chain', '0 to 20 basis points', 'digital transformation projects', 'Net cash', 'organic growth', 'currency fluctuations', 'strong growth', 'macroeconomic environment', '10 basis points', 'Intelligent Industry', 'Operating margin', 'Operating profit', 'operating costs', 'record performance', 'First name', 'Media relations', 'Investor relations', 'net profit', 'Paul Hermelin', 'Aiman Ezzat', 'good momentum', 'solid footing', 'excellent performance', 'client intimacy', 'remarkable commitment', '360,000 team members', 'sustainability services', 'best talents', 'ESG commitments', 'average number', 'training hours', 'carbon footprint', 'dual transition', 'sustainable world', 'Net debt', '2022 financial targets', 'inflationary pressures', 'structural demand', 'large corporations', 'increasing scope', 'Continued momentum', 'bill ratio', 'project mix', 'post-pandemic return', 'facilities costs', 'higher cost', 'net expense', 'financial expense', 'The Group', 'Group scope', 'Group talent', 'normalized earnings', 'Basic earnings', 'Vincent Biraud', 'technology partner', '2022 target range', 'half-year results', 'market share', 'record year', 'Capgemini SE', 'Group share', 'Capgemini Group', 'Group clients', 'Change Revenues', 'Victoire Grux', 'year increase', '+1.3 points', '+34% increase', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Tel.', 'dividend', 'Paris', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accounts1', 'ended', 'December', 'less', 'investments', 'innovation', 'cloud', 'attractiveness', 'employee', 'past', 'years', 'business', 'position', 'FIGURES', 'millions', 'euros', 'line', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'organizations', 'Data', 'priority', 'publication', 'acquisitions', 'impact', 'changes', 'expectations', 'Bookings', 'shift', 'innovative', 'offers', 'travel', '33', '10.', '2021']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,marketscreener.com
18994,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/euronext-appoint-new-ceo-chairman-brussels-branch-2023-02-21/,Euronext to appoint new CEO  chairman of Brussels branch,"Euronext <a href=""https://www.reuters.com/companies/ENX.PA"" target=""_blank"">(ENX.PA)</a> said on Tuesday that it will appoint Benoit van den Hove as chief executive and chairman of Euronext Brussels  subject to approval by the supervisory board during the fir…",Feb 21 (Reuters) - Euronext (ENX.PA) said on Tuesday that it will appoint Benoit van den Hove as chief executive and chairman of Euronext Brussels  subject to approval by the supervisory board during the firm's annual general meeting on May 17.He will succeed Vincent Van Dessel as chief executive of Euronext Brussels on July 1 and as Chairman of Euronext Brussels on Dec. 1  Euronext said in statement.Benoit van den Hove is currently head of listing for Belgium and Luxembourg at Euronext.Reporting by Dina Kartit  edited by Charlotte Van Campenhout and Tomasz JanowskiOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new CEO', 'Brussels branch', 'Euronext', 'chairman', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Benoit van den Hove', 'Vincent Van Dessel', 'Charlotte Van Campenhout', 'annual general meeting', 'chief executive', 'supervisory board', 'Dina Kartit', 'Tomasz Janowski', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Feb', 'ENX.', 'PA', 'Tuesday', 'chairman', 'approval', 'firm', 'May', 'July', 'Dec.', 'statement', 'head', 'listing', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2023-02-21,2023-02-22,reuters.com
18995,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105618424/Statement-Regarding-Recent-Press-Speculation,Statement Regarding Recent Press Speculation,Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 22 February 2023 – Euronext notes recent press speculation regardin,C ontact s Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Statement regarding recent press speculationAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 22 February 2023 – Euronext notes recent press speculation regarding a potential offer from Euronext for Allfunds and confirms that it has submitted an indicative offer to the Board of Allfunds and is in active discussions with Allfunds largest shareholders. This indicative offer is conditional  amongst other things  on reaching agreement with existing largest shareholders in Allfunds.This indicative offer is currently under consideration by the Board of Allfunds and Euronext reserves the right to amend its terms. There can be no certainty that this will lead to an offer being made. A further announcement will be made as and when required.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 CONTACTS MEDIA – Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45About EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe's leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronex t).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided“as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at .© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the 'Purpose'). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: . In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: . To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at .Attachment20230222_euronext statement,neutral,0.03,0.84,0.12,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Recent Press Speculation', 'Statement', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'existing largest shareholders', 'recent press speculation', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'press release service', 'main regulated market', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'Allfunds largest shareholders', 'The Euronext Group', 'CONTACT ANALYSTS', 'CONTACTS MEDIA', 'The Group', 'junior markets', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'largest centre', 'personal data', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'C ontact', 'active discussions', 'other things', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'end December', 'Euronext Clearing', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'applicable rules', 'potential offer', 'indicative offer', 'privacy statement', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'euronext statement', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '22 February', 'Board', 'agreement', 'consideration', 'terms', 'certainty', 'announcement', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'accordance', 'rights-request', 'Attachment', '02', '13']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,menafn.com
18996,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.barrons.com/news/euronext-makes-bid-for-allfunds-a9c92184,Euronext Makes Bid For Allfunds,Pan-European stock market operator Euronext confirmed Wednesday it is interested in purchasing Allfunds  a British firm that provides services to fund managers.,Pan-European stock market operator Euronext confirmed Wednesday it is interested in purchasing Allfunds  a British firm that provides services to fund managers.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'Pan-European stock market operator', 'British firm', 'fund managers', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'services']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,barrons.com
18997,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/02/22/european-shares-drop-amid-heightened-rate-hike-concerns/,European shares drop amid heightened rate-hike concerns,European shares declined on Wednesday as upbeat economic data spurred fears that interest rates could stay higher for longer  while investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of the release of minutes from the US Federal Reserve’s latest meeting.,French food group Danone rose 4.5% after saying it expects better margins this year even as soaring raw materials and energy costs pulled down its full-year 2022 operating margin. Photograph: Chris Ratcliffe/BloombergEuropean shares declined on Wednesday as upbeat economic data spurred fears that interest rates could stay higher for longer  while investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of the release of minutes from the US Federal Reserve’s latest meeting.The pan-European Stoxx 600 index closed 0.3 per cent lower with focus on Fed minutes that could provide more cues on the monetary policy tightening path of the world’s most influential central bank.DUBLINThe Iseq All Share index lost 0.9 per cent to 8 162.39  with banking stocks among the weakest performers  in line with losses by the wider European banking sector  which had hit a one-year high in the previous session.What's in the new cost of living package?/Scams target Revolut users Listen | 44:47AIB lost 3.7 per cent to €3.84  while Bank of Ireland moved 2.4 per cent lower to €9.84. However  Permanent TSB managed to edge 1.2 per cent higher to €2.51.READ MORECorre Energy fell 2.6 per cent to €3.80 as the energy storage facilities developer went about placing as much as €7 million in a share sale to advance key projects in the Netherlands and Denmark and pursue other “promising” European and North American projects.LONDONThe FTSE 100 moved 0.6 per cent amid downward pressure from mining firms in the face of weaker commodity prices.Investors and traders also appeared cautious over the rates outlook ahead of the latest Federal Reserve meeting minutes.In company news  banking giant Lloyds edged 0.3 per cent higher after it said profits nearly doubled in the final three months of 2022 as its loan book swelled and interest rates increased.Mining firm Rio Tinto was among the FTSE’s heaviest fallers  sliding 3.6 per cent  after it cut its shareholders’ dividend by more than half due to lower commodity prices.The group said it would pay a 53 per cent lower dividend for 2022 after a pullback in raw material prices caused pretax profit to dip by 40 per cent.Cineworld shares slipped 10.3 per cent after reports that the troubled cinema chain had failed to secure any firm takeover offers to buy the entire business.Sanderson Design Group finished up 15.2 pe cent after the furnishing designs business signed a “major” licensing deal for its Clarke & Clarke brand with retailer Next.EUROPEShares of BE Semiconductor jumped 10.2 per cent after the Dutch chipmaking equipment supplier said the recent tensions between the United States and China have not affected its sales and orders.Stellantis added 2.2 per cent after the carmaker said its operating profit grew 17 per cent in the second half of last year on a strong product and pricing mix.Fresenius SE slid 4.4 per cent after the German healthcare group forecast a fall in 2023 profit  partly due to plans to cede strategic control over dialysis group Fresenius Medical Care.French food group Danone rose 4.5 per cent on saying it expects better margins this year even as soaring raw materials and energy costs pulled down its full-year 2022 operating margin.Exchange operator Euronext fell 7.4 per cent on stating it has submitted an indicative offer in a combination of shares and cash to buy fund distribution firm Allfunds for €5.5 billion.NEW YORKWall Street’s main indexes were ahead in early afternoon trading  a day after their worst performance of the year  as investors awaited minutes from the Federal Reserve’s policy meeting for fresh clues on the trajectory of interest rates.US stocks shed more than 2 per cent on Tuesday after a rebound in business activity in February stoked fears of interest rates staying higher for longer.Growth names like Tesla  Nvidia  Qualcomm and Amazon.com edged higher as the yield on 10-year US Treasury notes slid from multimonth highs.Palo Alto Networks rose after the cybersecurity company raised its annual profit forecast.CoStar Group dropped as the online real estate marketplace provider said it was no longer in talks to buy Realtor.com-owner Move Inc from News Corp and forecast disappointing first-quarter revenue.— Additional reporting  Reuters  Press Association,neutral,0.01,0.5,0.49,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['European shares', 'rate-hike concerns', 'online real estate marketplace provider', 'The Iseq All Share index', 'Dutch chipmaking equipment supplier', 'Realtor.com-owner Move Inc', 'latest Federal Reserve meeting minutes', 'monetary policy tightening path', '10-year US Treasury notes', 'energy storage facilities developer', 'wider European banking sector', '53 per cent lower dividend', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'US Federal Reserve', 'soaring raw materials', 'upbeat economic data', 'banking giant Lloyds', 'final three months', 'troubled cinema chain', 'major” licensing deal', 'early afternoon trading', 'Palo Alto Networks', 'disappointing first-quarter revenue', 'full-year 2022 operating margin', 'raw material prices', 'firm takeover offers', 'fund distribution firm', 'North American projects', 'Fresenius Medical Care', 'French food group', 'Sanderson Design Group', 'German healthcare group', 'furnishing designs business', 'weaker commodity prices', 'influential central bank', 'annual profit forecast', 'latest meeting', 'policy meeting', 'share sale', '40 per cent', 'banking stocks', 'The FTSE 100', 'shareholders’ dividend', 'US stocks', 'Mining firm', 'operating profit', 'energy costs', 'European shares', 'Corre Energy', 'key projects', 'Fresenius SE', 'dialysis group', 'CoStar Group', 'entire business', 'business activity', 'Fed minutes', 'Chris Ratcliffe', 'weakest performers', 'previous session', 'new cost', 'living package', 'Revolut users', 'Permanent TSB', 'downward pressure', 'company news', 'loan book', 'Rio Tinto', 'heaviest fallers', 'pretax profit', 'BE Semiconductor', 'recent tensions', 'United States', 'strong product', 'pricing mix', 'strategic control', 'Exchange operator', 'indicative offer', 'NEW YORK', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', 'worst performance', 'fresh clues', 'Growth names', 'Amazon.com', 'multimonth highs', 'cybersecurity company', 'News Corp', 'Additional reporting', 'Press Association', 'interest rates', 'Cineworld shares', 'Clarke brand', 'second half', 'last year', '9 per', '2023 profit', 'Danone', 'margins', 'Photograph', 'Bloomberg', 'Wednesday', 'fears', 'investors', 'sidelines', 'release', 'focus', 'cues', 'DUBLIN', 'losses', 'Scams', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'READ', 'Netherlands', 'Denmark', 'other', 'LONDON', 'face', 'traders', 'profits', 'pullback', 'reports', 'retailer', 'China', 'sales', 'orders', 'Stellantis', 'carmaker', 'plans', 'Euronext', 'combination', 'cash', 'Allfunds', 'trajectory', 'Tuesday', 'rebound', 'February', 'Tesla', 'Nvidia', 'Qualcomm', 'yield', 'talks', 'Reuters']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,irishtimes.com
18998,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/euronext-offers-5-5-billion-euros-in-cash-shares-to-buy-allfunds/ar-AA17NOgz,Euronext offers 5.5 billion euros in cash  shares to buy Allfunds,Exchange operator Euronext has submitted an indicative offer in a combination of shares and cash to buy fund distribution firm Allfunds for 5.5 billion euros  according to a statement published on Wednesday.,© Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO: Skyscraper office properties in the La Defense business district in ParisLONDON (Reuters) - Exchange operator Euronext has submitted an indicative offer in a combination of shares and cash to buy fund distribution firm Allfunds for 5.5 billion euros  according to a statement published on Wednesday.Euronext said it was in active discussions with Allfunds' largest shareholders about a takeover  and the offer was under consideration by the board of the company.Euronext is offering a total of 8.75 euros per share  consisting of 5.69 euros per share in cash plus 0.04059 new Euronext shares.Jefferies analysts said in a report published after the announcement that Deutsche Boerse could also emerge as a bidder  given its greater flexibility on calibrating a cash and share-based offer.Hellman & Friedman is Allfunds' largest shareholder  with a 34.3% stake  while BNP Paribas controls 12.1% of the group. Credit Suisse sold an 8.6% stake in Allfunds in October last year.In the first six months of 2022  Allfunds increased its adjusted EBITDA 4% to 188 million euros.Allfunds shares soared as much as 29% to 9.445 euros following the news  hitting their highest level since May and were last up 17.4% at 8.61 euros. Euronext shares fell 7.3%.Madrid-based Allfunds was listed in Amsterdam in 2021  in a deal that gave the fund distribution firm a valuation of about 7.2 billion euros  but since then  its shares have suffered from rising inflation. It closed on Tuesday with a market cap of 4.6 billion euros.Allfunds´ assets under administration decreased 8.6% year on year in the third quarter of 2022 to 1 290 billion euros as a result of continued new client migrations offsetting outflows from existing clients.Euronext said there was no certainty that it would make a binding offer.The offer was first reported by Bloomberg.(Reporting by Huw Jones  Andres Gonzalez; editing by Elisa Martinuzzi  Bernadette Baum  Kirsten Donovan),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.48,0.52,True,English,"['5.5 billion euros', 'Euronext', 'cash', 'shares', 'Allfunds', 'La Defense business district', 'Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO', 'Skyscraper office properties', 'fund distribution firm', 'first six months', 'new client migrations', 'Exchange operator Euronext', ""Allfunds' largest shareholder"", '0.04059 new Euronext shares', 'largest shareholders', 'active discussions', 'Jefferies analysts', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'greater flexibility', 'BNP Paribas', 'Credit Suisse', 'highest level', 'rising inflation', 'market cap', 'third quarter', 'existing clients', 'Huw Jones', 'Andres Gonzalez', 'Elisa Martinuzzi', 'Bernadette Baum', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'indicative offer', 'share-based offer', 'binding offer', '5.5 billion euros', '188 million euros', '7.2 billion euros', '4.6 billion euros', '1,290 billion euros', 'Madrid-based Allfunds', 'Allfunds shares', '8.75 euros', '5.69 euros', '9.445 euros', '8.61 euros', 'Allfunds´', 'Paris', 'LONDON', 'combination', 'cash', 'statement', 'Wednesday', 'takeover', 'consideration', 'board', 'company', 'total', 'report', 'announcement', 'bidder', 'Hellman', 'Friedman', '34.3% stake', 'group', '8.6% stake', 'October', 'year', 'EBITDA', 'news', 'May', 'Amsterdam', 'deal', 'Tuesday', 'assets', 'administration', 'result', 'outflows', 'certainty', 'Bloomberg']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,msn.com
18999,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/27862df7-c47b-4c05-acbc-0ef35c2915b4,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds,We’ll send you a myFT Daily Digest email rounding up the latest Euronext NV news every morning. Euronext  Europe’s biggest exchange operator  has launched a bid for fund platform Allfunds as the acquisitive group continues in its quest to build a ...,What is included in my trial?During your trial you will have complete digital access to FT.com with everything in both of our Standard Digital and Premium Digital packages.Standard Digital includes access to a wealth of global news  analysis and expert opinion. Premium Digital includes access to our premier business column  Lex  as well as 15 curated newsletters covering key business themes with original  in-depth reporting. For a full comparison of Standard and Premium Digital  click here.Change the plan you will roll onto at any time during your trial by visiting the “Settings & Account” section.What happens at the end of my trial?If you do nothing  you will be auto-enrolled in our premium digital monthly subscription plan and retain complete access for 65 € per month.For cost savings  you can change your plan at any time online in the “Settings & Account” section. If you’d like to retain your premium access and save 20%  you can opt to pay annually at the end of the trial.You may also opt to downgrade to Standard Digital  a robust journalistic offering that fulfils many user’s needs. Compare Standard and Premium Digital here.Any changes made can be done at any time and will become effective at the end of the trial period  allowing you to retain full access for 4 weeks  even if you downgrade or cancel.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'premium digital monthly subscription plan', 'premier business column', 'key business themes', 'original, in-depth reporting', 'robust journalistic offering', 'Premium Digital packages', 'premium access', 'digital access', 'Standard Digital', 'FT.com', 'global news', 'expert opinion', '15 curated newsletters', 'full comparison', 'cost savings', 'many user', 'full access', 'complete access', 'trial period', 'everything', 'wealth', 'analysis', 'Lex', 'time', 'Settings', 'Account', 'section', 'end', 'needs', 'changes', '4 weeks', '65']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,ft.com
19000,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nfl-biosciences-inclusion-first-volunteer-170000151.html,NFL BIOSCIENCES: Inclusion of the first volunteer in the PRECESTO study,Inclusion of the first volunteer in the PRECESTO study  which aims to demonstrate the complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments  (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL) ,"NFL BIOSCIENCES: Inclusion of the first volunteer in the PRECESTO study  which aims to demonstrate the complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatmentsNFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical medicines for the treatment of addiction  announces the inclusion of the first volunteer in its PRECESTO clinical trial  designed to evaluate the complementarity of its NFL-101 treatment as a smoking cessation therapy with other smoking cessation treatments  notably nicotine replacement therapies.This Phase IIa clinical study  entitled PRECESTO  was approved by the French National Agency for the Safety of Medicines and Health Products (ANSM)  and received a positive opinion from the French Committee for the Protection of Individuals (CPP) in November 2022. Its main objective is to validate the complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments  in particular nicotine substitutes (transdermal patches  tablets  gum  inhalers and nicotine sprays)  with a view to developing an innovative treatment method combining NFL-101 with other smoking cessation methods. PRECESTO is being implemented at Eurofins Optimed's clinical research center in Gières  in the Grenoble area.In this new treatment method  for which a patent was filed in October 2022  the administration of NFL-101 prior to the quit attempt aims to break the link between cigarettes and the satisfaction they provide  and to reduce the desire to smoke. Smokers can then focus on their quit attempt and manage their nicotine withdrawal symptoms (irritability  nervousness  anxiety  etc.) with the help of other smoking cessation treatments  including nicotine replacement therapies.The PRECESTO study compares the ability of NFL-101 to reduce cigarette satisfaction and craving with placebo. It is a randomized  double-blind study that will include a total of 34 smokers who do not wish to quit and have high smoking satisfaction in a cross-over design. Each subject is his or her own control and receives either NFL-101 or placebo randomly and alternately at the beginning of each of two periods during which he or she assesses satisfaction with cigarettes and craving for cigarettes using international questionnaires. The periods are each one month long. The Modified Cigarette Evaluation Questionnaire (mCEQ) is used as the main instrument. It measures satisfaction with smoking  psychological reward  aversion  pleasant sensations in the airways  and reduction in craving. Results of the PRECESTO study are expected in the third quarter of 2023. This study is expected to increase the attractiveness of NFL-101 to pharmaceutical companies marketing smoking cessation drugs and who may be interested in licensing it.Story continuesBruno Lafont  Chief Operating Officer and co-founder of NFL Biosciences  said: ""PRECESTO complements the ongoing CESTO II study (318 smokers  9 clinical investigation centers in France) designed to validate the efficacy of NFL-101 as a smoking cessation therapy. PRECESTO is a proof-of-concept study that aims to increase the addressable market for NFL-101 by expanding it  by administering it in combination with other smoking cessation treatments  in particular nicotine substitutes. The global market for smoking cessation drugs is estimated to be close to USD 6 billion  with a growth rate of around 6% in the years to come.”About NFL BiosciencesNFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative.NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorders.The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.comContactsBruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbio@calyptus.net - +33 1 53 65 68 68Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.1,0.42,True,English,"['NFL BIOSCIENCES', 'first volunteer', 'PRECESTO study', 'Inclusion', 'standardized, nicotine free tobacco leaf extract', 'The Modified Cigarette Evaluation Questionnaire', 'other smoking cessation treatments', 'other smoking cessation methods', 'ongoing CESTO II study', 'Phase IIa clinical study', 'smoking cessation therapy', 'smoking cessation drugs', 'clinical research center', '9 clinical investigation centers', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'effective therapeutic solutions', 'entire world population', 'drug development project', 'cannabis use disorders', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'new, natural, safer', 'natural drug candidate', 'French National Agency', 'randomized, double-blind study', 'botanical drug candidates', 'high smoking satisfaction', 'PRECESTO clinical trial', 'innovative treatment method', 'new treatment method', 'two patent families', ""NFL Biosciences' ambition"", 'cigarette satisfaction', 'growth rate', 'French Committee', 'concept study', 'PRECESTO study', 'first volunteer', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'botanical medicines', 'replacement therapies', 'Health Products', 'positive opinion', 'main objective', 'transdermal patches', 'Eurofins Optimed', 'Gières', 'Grenoble area', 'quit attempt', 'withdrawal symptoms', 'cross-over design', 'two periods', 'international questionnaires', 'main instrument', 'psychological reward', 'pleasant sensations', 'third quarter', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'Bruno Lafont', 'addressable market', 'global market', 'Montpellier area', 'middle-income countries', 'advanced product', 'personalized alternative', 'alcohol consumption', 'NFL-101 treatment', 'Inclusion', 'complementarity', 'ALNFL', 'addiction', 'Safety', 'ANSM', 'Protection', 'Individuals', 'CPP', 'November', 'substitutes', 'tablets', 'inhalers', 'sprays', 'view', 'October', 'administration', 'link', 'cigarettes', 'desire', 'Smokers', 'irritability', 'nervousness', 'anxiety', 'help', 'placebo', 'total', 'subject', 'control', 'beginning', 'aversion', 'airways', 'reduction', 'craving', 'Results', 'attractiveness', 'Story', 'founder', 'France', 'efficacy', 'proof', 'combination', 'years', 'NFL-30', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'info', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
19001,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds and it offers a tender fee to those who will tender their shares !… https://t.co/6cngU76pNe,nan,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds and it offers a tender fee to those who will tender their shares !… https://t.co/6cngU76pNe,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['€5.5bn bid', 'tender fee', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'shares', '€5.5bn bid', 'tender fee', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'shares']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19002,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext offers 5.5 bln euros in cash  shares to buy Allfunds https://t.co/mTKbNsFBhm https://t.co/LNgH7Clxj2,nan,Euronext offers 5.5 bln euros in cash  shares to buy Allfunds https://t.co/mTKbNsFBhm https://t.co/LNgH7Clxj2,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['5.5 bln euros', 'Euronext', 'cash', 'shares', 'Allfunds', 'LNgH7Clxj2', '5.5 bln euros', 'Euronext', 'cash', 'shares', 'Allfunds', 'LNgH7Clxj2']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19003,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds $SPY $AAPL $MSFT $TSLA #stocks #wsb #market https://t.co/ywsMlD7qkw,nan,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds $SPY $AAPL $MSFT $TSLA #stocks #wsb #market https://t.co/ywsMlD7qkw,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'SPY', 'AAPL', 'stocks', 'market', '€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'SPY', 'AAPL', 'stocks', 'market']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19004,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,~Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds~#investment #business #forex #crypto #realestate #gold #silver #market https://t.co/8KQFEUdrmS,nan,~Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds~#investment #business #forex #crypto #realestate #gold #silver #market https://t.co/8KQFEUdrmS,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'investment', 'business', 'crypto', 'realestate', 'gold', 'silver', 'market', '€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'investment', 'business', 'crypto', 'realestate', 'gold', 'silver', 'market']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19005,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Investors cut Euronext wheat longs and shorts  despite tender buying  https://t.co/nWggnB3M40,nan,Investors cut Euronext wheat longs and shorts  despite tender buying  https://t.co/nWggnB3M40,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext wheat longs', 'tender buying', 'Investors', 'shorts', 'Euronext wheat longs', 'tender buying', 'Investors', 'shorts']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19006,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext may have to dig deeper to snare Allfunds  writes  @Unmack1 https://t.co/0qubpuTllg https://t.co/Ws8D0KSgRk,nan,Euronext may have to dig deeper to snare Allfunds  writes  @Unmack1 https://t.co/0qubpuTllg https://t.co/Ws8D0KSgRk,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'Unmack1', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'Unmack1']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19007,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Stéphane Boujnah is back in the M&amp;A saddle. The boss of European exchange operator Euronext has tabled a 5.5 billio… https://t.co/Fr6vlezdhI,nan,Stéphane Boujnah is back in the M&amp;A saddle. The boss of European exchange operator Euronext has tabled a 5.5 billio… https://t.co/Fr6vlezdhI,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['M&amp;A saddle', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'European exchange operator', 'boss', 'Euronext', '5.5 billio', 'M&amp;A saddle', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'European exchange operator', 'boss', 'Euronext', '5.5 billio']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19008,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds https://t.co/4WkGNd67Sf,nan,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds https://t.co/4WkGNd67Sf,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'WkGNd67Sf', '€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'WkGNd67Sf']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19009,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat drops to one-month low on Black Sea competition https://t.co/EeXQ25G3T2 [RTRS],nan,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat drops to one-month low on Black Sea competition https://t.co/EeXQ25G3T2 [RTRS],neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat', 'Black Sea competition', 'EeXQ25G3T2', 'RTRS', 'UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat', 'Black Sea competition', 'EeXQ25G3T2', 'RTRS']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19010,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Today in Bloomberg Deals: Bright spots in China M&amp;A  Euronext heads back on the acquisition trail and Rothschild is… https://t.co/VRnfditRpe,nan,Today in Bloomberg Deals: Bright spots in China M&amp;A  Euronext heads back on the acquisition trail and Rothschild is… https://t.co/VRnfditRpe,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['China M&amp;A', 'Bloomberg Deals', 'Bright spots', 'acquisition trail', 'Euronext', 'Rothschild', 'VRnfditRpe', 'China M&amp;A', 'Bloomberg Deals', 'Bright spots', 'acquisition trail', 'Euronext', 'Rothschild', 'VRnfditRpe']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19011,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds https://t.co/F7wk34Qkve,nan,Euronext launches €5.5bn bid for Allfunds https://t.co/F7wk34Qkve,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', '€5.5bn bid', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
19012,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Today in Bloomberg Deals: Bright spots in China M&amp;A  Euronext heads back on the acquisition trail and Rothschild is… https://t.co/CRXE9xn10P,nan,Today in Bloomberg Deals: Bright spots in China M&amp;A  Euronext heads back on the acquisition trail and Rothschild is… https://t.co/CRXE9xn10P,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['China M&amp;A', 'Bloomberg Deals', 'Bright spots', 'acquisition trail', 'Euronext', 'Rothschild', 'CRXE9xn10P', 'China M&amp;A', 'Bloomberg Deals', 'Bright spots', 'acquisition trail', 'Euronext', 'Rothschild', 'CRXE9xn10P']",2023-02-22,2023-02-22,Unknown
