UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
39247,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/londongrad-forever-uk-never-seize-russia-assets-ukraine-war-sanctions/,Londongrad forever? Why the UK may never seize Russian assets.,Pledges to take Russian money to help Ukraine face a litany of legal and tactical quandaries.,"Cabinet Minister Michael Gove called for the mansions of Russian magnates to be seized to house Ukrainian refugees. | Leon Neal/Getty ImagesPledges to take Russian money to help Ukraine face a litany of legal and tactical quandaries.LONDON ― In politics  reality rarely matches rhetoric. And the reality is Britain will probably never seize Russia’s money.Plenty of bold words have been bandied about since Russia launched its illegal invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. In Britain’s capital — nicknamed “Londongrad” for its reputation as a playground for Russian oligarchs — Cabinet Minister Michael Gove called for the mansions of Russian magnates to be seized to house Ukrainian refugees.Others suggested taking the Russian assets in Britain’s banks to help fund Ukraine’s defense  or to help rebuild Ukraine after the war.But two years later  and despite much grandstanding  little has been done to seize Russian assets — whether those owned by the oligarchs or  more realistically  those of the central bank.POLITICO spoke to multiple sanctions lawyers and policy experts  all of whom say that — regardless of political peacocking — there is and will never be any legal standing to take frozen Russian money  property or other assets.“The British government is unlikely to be comfortable forging a brave new legal order ” said Anna Bradshaw  a sanctions lawyer at Peters and Peters.In the months following the war  the U.K. froze some Russian assets  with several high-profile announcements including the forced sale of Roman Abramovich’s Chelsea Football Club.The government has never released official figures for the total value of Russian assets held in the U.K.  but it’s estimated that £18 billion worth of individual assets have been frozen so far  alongside around £26 billion worth of Russian central bank assets in the U.K. It's a sizeable figure  although dwarfed by the €260 billion of Russian central bank assets in the EU.But policy experts stress there are big differences between freezing assets and seizing them.The freezing of assets is viewed as legally proportionate because it is a temporary step. While authorities may use the profits generated by investing the money  as the EU has agreed to do  the assets themselves will in theory be returned at some point. Seizing them permanently  on the other hand  could have massive legal ramifications.British MPs appear to be slowly waking up to that reality.Harriet Baldwin  a senior Conservative and chair of the influential Commons Treasury Committee  told POLITICO in March that the U.K. cannot “go out and seize people’s assets randomly ” as “that would make us a kleptocratic regime.”Harriet Baldwin is a senior Conservative and chair of the influential Commons Treasury Committee. | Luke Dray/Getty ImagesThe negotiating tableMinisters clearly see a difference between state and personal assets.Earlier this year  U.K. Foreign Secretary David Cameron renewed calls for seizing Russia's frozen state assets ― central bank investments in assets like government bonds  currencies and gold.“At the end of the day  Russia is going to have to pay reparations for its illegal invasion "" Cameron told a crowd at Davos in January  “so why not spend some of the money now  rather than wait till the war is over and have all the legal wrangling about reparations?”His words went down well with the many campaigners who believe the frozen money should be used to go towards victims of the war  or to help rebuild Ukraine after the fighting is over.“The U.K. alone has frozen [billions] in Russian assets  and  together with allies have made commitments to support the defense  reconstruction and recovery of Ukraine ” said Rupert Skilbeck  director of REDRESS  a campaign group which has petitioned the government to seize Russian assets.“A substantial proportion of these funds could also transform the lives of millions of victims of human rights violations and crimes in Ukraine. Victims cannot wait until the war is over.”But waiting until the war is over is likely what will happen.Beyond the legal issues of seizing assets outright  U.K. officials are conscious that frozen Russian assets could be a useful tool in future peace negotiations. Billions of pounds of frozen cash  along with treasured assets like mansions and superyachts  are a pretty good card to play in any such talks.“If you want to bring Putin to the negotiation table  what other tools do you have left?” said Freya Page  director of global outreach at Kharon  an analytics firm which tracks sanctions  and a former head of guidance and engagement at Britain’s Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation (OFSI).Conversely  she said  seizing the assets permanently would make such negotiations less likely ever to take place.“Asset seizure makes sanctions an ineffective tool because they're not doing what they're built to do ” Page said. “Sanctions are not there to punish. They're supposed to bring people to the negotiating table.”A Western official — granted anonymity to speak candidly — also noted the reduced power of sanctions if the money is seized.U.K. officials are conscious that Russian assets could be a useful tool in future peace negotiations. | Valery Hache /AFP via Getty Images“We impose sanctions as a measure that is designed to be temporary and to respond to a specific situation. But obviously  if you move to seize assets  that is a permanent act ” the official said.Rule of lawWhether and how to use Russia’s frozen funds is a conversation currently taking place all over the world.In the U.S. there are strong bipartisan calls for assets to be seized  while in the EU  where the majority of assets are held  there is far more trepidation — and far greater pressure to find a solution.As the majority of assets are held at Euroclear  a securities depository in Belgium  an EU-wide agreement would be needed.Some countries  like France and Germany  remain unconvinced. But the bloc is split. Belgium welcomed proposals to use some of the profits from the assets to help Ukraine  while Estonia’s Prime Minister  Kaja Kallas  has called for the West to seize assets before the U.S. election. The topic will be on the table at June's G7 summit.""In respect of seizing the underlying assets  the jurisdiction you really need on board — the European Union — is not yet prepared to take that step ” said Francis Bond  a sanctions lawyer at Macfarlanes. “Recent statements by both the Commission and member states indicate consensus on this issue is still some way off.""But even if Britain agreed in the G7 to partake in the confiscation of state assets  lawyers believe there's little chance that personal assets are going anywhere.Although all jurisdictions are nervous of the potential legal and financial ramifications of taking the money — they fear it could deter investment in the currency or put other countries off depositing funds at the central bank — Britain is particularly worried about the breach of legal norms.Governments which seize individuals’ privately-owned assets “start rewriting the basic principles that underpin most legal systems when it comes to interference with property rights  and the right to a fair trial ” said Bradshaw.There is “no direct legal precedent” for asset seizure  said Bond. ""It's entirely uncharted legal territory.”Tom Keatinge  a financial crime expert at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) think tank  told POLITICO that a German government official said to him in June 2022: “You do not want to start taking assets off people just because you don’t like them.”Keatinge said he agrees with that sentiment. “We need to follow the rule of law  that’s for sure.”The City fears risking its reputation as a leading place to invest. | Dan Kitwood/Getty ImagesThe City of London’s outsized influence is also a significant factor.The City fears risking its reputation as a leading place to invest — and  a cynic might say  as a hotbed for dirty money. Labour MP Margaret Hodge told POLITICO in an interview in March that she believes “the financial services sector is putting huge pressure on the government not to act” on seizing Russian assets.But it may be preaching to the choir. A sanctions lawyer who spoke to POLITICO under condition of anonymity questioned whether much pressure was required.“I don’t think [the financial services industry] needs to lobby against it  because [the U.K. government are] clearly incredibly cautious about doing this anyway ” they said.Election klaxonOn the face of it  the looming U.K. general election presents the perfect opportunity for the opposition Labour Party to make hay with demands that Russia pays the price of its illegal invasion.Chris Bryant  a senior Labour MP  put forward a bill in Feb. 2023 designed to force the government to come up with a plan to seize assets within 60 days. It was blocked by the Tory government.Last summer  Labour demanded a plan within 90 days from the government on how Russian assets could be seized — but has since gone quiet.It’s representative of the wavering political impetus.For the Conservative Party  talking big about taking Russia’s money plays well with the electorate  but there’s little drive to take real action given the knotty problem will — if opinion polls are to be believed — likely be the incoming Labour government’s to deal with before the end of the year.That hasn’t stopped some within the Conservative party being furious at the slow progress. Iain Duncan Smith  the former Tory leader who now chairs the All Party Parliamentary Group on Magnitsky Sanctions  told POLITICO his group has been “calling for the seizure of assets for some time.""He complained: “The progress is slow and the U.K. is now lagging behind the U.S. and Canada  and EU states such as Belgium and Estonia  all of whom are taking steps to confiscate or redirect gathered funds to Ukraine.”“The confiscation of assets raises significant legal  political and economic questions  which must be considered  but are not insurmountable with advice from experts. The government has been dragging its feet on this and needs to catch up with the others ” Duncan Smith added.Organizations like REDRESS insist confiscating the funds for good is justified under international law as a countermeasure to the invasion of Ukraine if it is intended to induce Russia to end its illegal war and provide reparation.But lawyers are unconvinced  citing basic international obligations under institutions like the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR).They point out that while most Russian oligarchs got rich by acquiring former state assets cheaply in the chaotic decade following the Soviet Union's collapse  those who kept on the right side of Vladimir Putin were able to legitimize their fortunes.“Any country signed on to the ECHR would have significant difficulty confiscating someone's private property unless they have committed a crime  rather than simply because they've been deemed by a very low evidential bar to be linked to the Russian state ” said Bond  the sanctions lawyer from Macfarlanes.“Even if only the net profits  rather than the underlying assets  are seized  there are going to be years if not decades of international lawsuits ” said Bond.The conclusion many appear to be coming to is that the desire to take Russia’s money is overshadowed by complex legal matters.“As a human being  you want to seize the assets ” said Page. “But you start to get a little bit more free with the law. And when you start using the law however you please  it loses its power.”",neutral,0.04,0.82,0.14,mixed,0.1,0.3,0.6,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Londongrad', 'UK', 'U.K. Foreign Secretary David Cameron', 'Cabinet Minister Michael Gove', 'influential Commons Treasury Committee', 'brave new legal order', 'Russian central bank assets', 'central bank investments', 'several high-profile announcements', 'Chelsea Football Club', 'human rights violations', 'U.K. officials', 'massive legal ramifications', 'future peace negotiations', 'multiple sanctions lawyers', 'Financial Sanctions Implementation', 'The U.K.', 'legal standing', 'legal wrangling', 'legal issues', 'Russian magnates', 'Russian assets', 'Ukrainian refugees', 'Leon Neal', 'Getty Images', 'tactical quandaries', 'illegal invasion', 'policy experts', 'political peacocking', 'Anna Bradshaw', 'forced sale', 'Roman Abramovich', 'official figures', 'total value', '£18 billion worth', '£26 billion worth', 'sizeable figure', 'big differences', 'temporary step', 'other hand', 'British MPs', 'Harriet Baldwin', 'senior Conservative', 'kleptocratic regime', 'Luke Dray', 'negotiating table', 'many campaigners', 'Rupert Skilbeck', 'campaign group', 'substantial proportion', 'useful tool', 'good card', 'negotiation table', 'other tools', 'global outreach', 'analytics firm', 'former head', 'Asset seizure', 'ineffective tool', 'Western official', 'other assets', 'individual assets', 'personal assets', 'treasured assets', 'Russian money', 'Russian oligarchs', 'frozen cash', 'bold words', 'British government', 'government bonds', 'Freya Page', 'freezing assets', 'state assets', 'frozen money', 'mansions', 'Pledges', 'Ukraine', 'litany', 'LONDON', 'politics', 'reality', 'rhetoric', 'Britain', 'Plenty', 'February', 'capital', 'reputation', 'playground', 'Others', 'banks', 'fund', 'defense', 'war', 'POLITICO', 'property', 'Peters', 'months', 'EU', 'authorities', 'profits', 'theory', 'point', 'chair', 'March', 'people', 'Ministers', 'calls', 'currencies', 'gold', 'end', 'day', 'reparations', 'crowd', 'Davos', 'January', 'victims', 'fighting', 'billions', 'allies', 'commitments', 'reconstruction', 'recovery', 'director', 'REDRESS', 'lives', 'millions', 'crimes', 'pounds', 'superyachts', 'talks', 'Putin', 'Kharon', 'guidance', 'engagement', 'Office', 'OFSI', 'place', 'anonymity', 'reduced']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,politico.eu
39248,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SILENCE-THERAPEUTICS-PLC-111895683/news/Silence-Therapeutics-THIS-DOCUMENT-IS-IMPORTANT-AND-REQUIRES-YOUR-IMMEDIATE-ATTENTION-Form-6-K-46434335/,Silence Therapeutics : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this Document  please take advice from a stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other indep…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this Document  please take advice from a stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your holdings of Ordinary Shares  you should immediately forward this Document as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee or to the bank  stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or otherwise transferred some of your Ordinary Shares  you should contact the bank  stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected. However  such documents should not be forwarded or transmitted in or into any jurisdiction in which such act would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held at 221 River Street  9th Floor  Hoboken  NJ 07030 and electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform at 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Friday 17 May 2024 is set out at the end of this Document. For Shareholders unable to attend in person  we are pleased to be able to provide a facility for Shareholders to attend the Annual General Meeting remotely via the Lumi Meeting Platform  through which Shareholders will be able to vote and submit questions live during the Annual General Meeting. To be effective  all proxy votes must be submitted at www.signalshares.com so as to have been received by the Registrar not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the Annual General Meeting or any adjournment of it (not taking into account any part of a day that is not a working day). If a paper form of proxy is requested from the Registrar  it should be completed and returned to Link Group  PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL to be received not less than 48 hours before the time of the Annual General Meeting or any adjournment of it (not taking into account any part of a day that is not a working day). A proxy may also be appointed by CREST members by using the electronic proxy appointment service. SILENCE THERAPEUTICS PLC (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with company number 02992058) Notice of Annual General Meeting No person should construe the contents of this Document as legal  tax or financial advice and recipients of this Document should consult their own advisers as to the matters described in this Document. This Document should be read as a whole. Your attention is drawn to the letter from Iain Ross  the Non-Executive Chairman of the Company  on pages 6 to 9 of this Document in which the Directors recommend that you vote in favour of each of the Resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting referred to below. Copies of this Document will be available on the Company's website at www.silence-therapeutics.com. Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements This Document contains statements about the Company that are or may be ""forward-looking statements"". All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this Document may be forward-looking statements. Without limitation  any statements preceded or followed by  or that include  the words ""targets""  ""plans""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""aims""  ""intends""  ""will""  ""may""  ""should""  ""anticipates""  ""estimates""  ""projects"" or words or terms of similar substance  or the negative thereof  are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and have not been reviewed by the auditors of the Company. These factors are discussed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of filings that the Company makes with the SEC  including its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2023  subsequent reports on Form 6-K and other documents filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 1These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the Company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Past performance is not a guarantee of future performance. Investors should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements and  save as is required by law or regulation  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements (including to reflect any change in expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based). All subsequent forward-looking statements attributed to the Company or any persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above. All forward-looking statements contained in this Document are based on information available to the Directors of the Company at the date of this Document  unless some other time is specified in relation to them  and the posting or receipt of this Document shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth herein since such date. Notice to overseas persons The distribution of this Document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this Document comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. 2CONTENTS DEFINITIONS 4 LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF SILENCE THERAPEUTICS PLC 6 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 10 3DEFINITIONS The following words and expressions apply throughout this Document and the Notice of Annual General Meeting  unless the context requires otherwise: Act the Companies Act 2006 (as amended); ADSs American Depositary Shares  each representing three Ordinary Shares; Annual General Meeting the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held at 221 River Street  9th Floor  Hoboken  NJ 07030 and via the Lumi Meeting Platform at 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Friday 17 May 2024  notice of which is set out on page 10 of this Document; AIM the market of that name operated by London Stock Exchange plc; AIM Cancellation the cancellation of the Ordinary Shares from admission to trading on AIM  which became effective on 30 November 2021; Articles the articles of association of the Company in force as at the date of this Document; BST British Summer Time; City Code the City Code on Takeover and Mergers as promulgated by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers  as amended from time to time; Company or Silence Silence Therapeutics plc; CREST the computerised settlement system to facilitate transfer of title to or interest in securities in uncertificated form operated by Euroclear UK & International Limited; Directors or Board the directors of the Company as at the date of this Document  being Iain Ross  Craig Tooman  Dr. Michael Davidson  James Ede-Golightly  Alistair Gray and Dave Lemus; Directors' Remuneration Policy the Directors' remuneration policy set out on pages 33 to 45 of the UK Annual Report; Directors' Remuneration Report the Directors' remuneration report set out on pages 32 to 52 of the UK Annual Report; this document  which contains the Notice of Annual General Meeting; EDT Eastern Daylight Time; Existing Issued Share Capital the existing issued Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company  which as at 11 April 2024 is 139 846 311 Ordinary Shares; Lumi Meeting Platform the electronic facility via which Shareholders can attend  participate in and vote at the Annual General Meeting; Nasdaq the Nasdaq Global Market; 4Notice of Annual General Meeting the notice convening the Annual General Meeting as set out on page 10 of this Document; Ordinary Shares ordinary shares of £0.05 each in the capital of the Company; Registrar Link Market Services Limited  trading as Link Group  the Company's registrar; Remuneration Committee the remuneration committee of the Board; Resolutions the resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting as set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting  and each a ""Resolution""; SEC the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Shareholders the holders of Ordinary Shares; U.K. or United Kingdom the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; UK Annual Report the reports and financial statements for the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023; and U.S. or United States the United States of America. 5Letter from the Chairman of Silence Therapeutics plc (Registered and incorporated in England and Wales under the Act with company number 02992058) Directors: Registered Office: Iain Ross (Non-Executive Chairman) 27 Eastcastle Street Craig Tooman (President & Chief Executive Officer) London Dr. Michael Davidson (Non-Executive Director) W1W 8DH James Ede-Golightly(Non-Executive Director) Alistair Gray (Senior Independent Non-Executive Director) Dave Lemus (Non-Executive Director) 15 April 2024 Notice of Annual General Meeting Dear Shareholder  1. Introduction I am pleased to invite you to our 2024 Annual General Meeting which will be held at 221 River Street  9th Floor  Hoboken  NJ 07030 and electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform at 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Friday 17 May 2024. Shareholders unable to attend in person will be able to attend the Annual General Meeting remotely via the Lumi Meeting Platform  through which Shareholders will be able to vote and submit questions live during the Annual General Meeting. In addition to highlighting the business to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting  this Document explains the background to the Resolutions that will be considered at the Annual General Meeting  why the Directors consider the Resolutions to be in the best interests of Shareholders as a whole and why they recommend that you vote in favour of the Resolutions. In the event that there are any changes to the arrangements for holding the Annual General Meeting  we will announce any changes (such as timing or venue) as soon as practicably possible through the Company's website and via SEC filing. 2. Action to be taken in respect of the Annual General Meeting You will not receive a hard copy form of proxy with this Document. Instead  you will be able to submit a proxy electronically using the link www.signalshares.com. You will need to log into your Signal Shares account or register if you have not previously done so. To register you will need your Investor Code which is detailed on your share certificate or available from the Registrar. Proxies submitted electronically must be submitted by no later than 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Wednesday 15 May 2024. You may request a hard copy form of proxy directly from the Registrar at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or on +44(0)371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 9:00 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. (BST)  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. Hard copy forms of proxy must be received by no later than 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Wednesday 15 May 2024. A proxy may also be appointed by CREST members  by using the CREST electronic proxy appointment service  further details of which are set out in the notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting. Proxies submitted via CREST (under ID RA10) must be sent as soon as possible and in any event so as to be received by no later than 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Wednesday 15 May 2024 in order to be valid. 6The completion and return of a hard copy form of proxy  submitting a proxy instruction electronically or submitting a CREST proxy instruction will not preclude Shareholders from attending and/or voting at the Annual General Meeting should they so wish. 3. How to attend and speak at the meeting The Annual General Meeting will be held at 221 River Street  9th Floor  Hoboken  NJ 07030. Shareholders can also attend the Annual General Meeting remotely via the Lumi Meeting Platform. The Annual General Meeting will commence at 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Friday 17 May 2024. Please be prepared to provide evidence of your shareholding and/or identity. In order to join the Annual General Meeting electronically and to vote and ask questions via the online platform  Shareholders will need to connect to the following site: https://web.lumiagm.com . Lumi is available as a mobile web client  compatible with the latest browser versions of Chrome  Firefox  Edge and Safari and can be accessed using any web browser  on a PC or smartphone device. Once you have accessed https://web.lumiagm.com from your web browser on a tablet or computer  you will be asked to enter the Lumi Meeting ID which is 194-776-975. You will then be prompted to enter your unique 11-digit Investor Code (IVC) including any leading zeros and 'PIN'. Your PIN is the last 4 digits of your IVC. This will authenticate you as a Shareholder. Your IVC can be found on your share certificate  or Signal Shares users (www.signalshares.com) will find this under 'Manage your account' when logged in to the Signal Shares portal. You can also obtain this by contacting Link  our Registrar  by calling +44 (0) 371 277 1020. For further details on attending the Annual General Meeting and voting remotely  see further notes on pages 11 to 14. It is important to note that Shareholders joining the Annual General Meeting via the Lumi Meeting Platform will be in attendance at the Annual General Meeting and will be able to vote at the Annual General Meeting via the Lumi Meeting Platform. However  Shareholders are encouraged to submit their votes ahead of the Annual General Meeting by appointing the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as their proxy. Voting on all resolutions at the Annual General Meeting will be conducted by way of a poll  rather than a show of hands. 4. How to ask questions The Annual General Meeting is an important opportunity for all Shareholders to express their views by asking questions. Shareholder participation in the Annual General Meeting continues to be very important to us. Shareholders wishing to raise any questions relating to the business of the Annual General Meeting may do so by submitting them to the Chairman via IR@silence-therapeutics.com . The Company will endeavour to publish and maintain an appropriate summary of responses on the 'Shareholder Information' page of its website in advance of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may also submit questions during the Annual General Meeting in person or via the Lumi Meeting Platform. We will endeavour to answer all appropriate questions during the Annual General Meeting  to the extent possible in the time allocated for the Annual General Meeting and will publish a summary of responses on the 'Shareholder Information' page of our website following the Annual General Meeting. Please note that Shareholders may not use any electronic address provided in this Document or in any related documents to communicate with the Company for any purpose other than those expressly stated. We would politely remind you that the Directors will not answer questions relating to the individual rights of Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting itself  but if you wish to submit such a question by email  we will respond to the extent we are able. 5. Resolutions The business to be conducted at the Annual General Meeting consists of consideration of the following Resolutions. All of the Resolutions will be proposed as ordinary resolutions. This means that for the Resolutions to pass  more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of each of the Resolutions. 7Resolution 1 - Annual Report and Accounts The Directors are required by the Act to lay before the Company in general meeting copies of the directors' reports  the independent auditor's report and the audited financial statements of the Company in respect of each financial year. For the financial year ended 31 December 2023  these are all contained in the UK Annual Report. In accordance with best practice  the Company proposes an ordinary resolution to receive and adopt the UK Annual Report  a copy of which may be found at: https://silence-therapeutics.com/investors/financials/annual-reports. Resolution 2 - Approval of Directors' Remuneration Report Under provisions of the Act and regulations thereunder  the Company must prepare an annual report on Directors' remuneration and put that report to an advisory vote by way of an ordinary resolution. We encourage Shareholders to read the Directors' Remuneration Report. The Directors' Remuneration Report includes a statement from the Remuneration Committee chair  the components of the executive directors' remuneration and the non-executive directors' fees  all in accordance with the remuneration policy that was approved by shareholders at the 2021 Annual General Meeting. Our U.K. statutory auditors  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  have audited those parts of the Directors' Remuneration Report that are required to be audited. The Board has approved and signed the report in accordance with the Act. This vote is advisory and non-binding and the Directors' entitlement to receive remuneration is not conditional on it. Resolution 3 - Approval of Directors' Remuneration Policy Under provisions of the Act and regulations thereunder that apply to the Company  the Directors' Remuneration Policy must be put to a binding vote at least once every three years. The Directors' Remuneration Policy was last put to a binding vote at the 2021 Annual General Meeting and  as a result  is being put forward for approval by Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. An ordinary resolution is proposed to approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy which is set out on pages 33 to 45 of the UK Annual Report. The vote on the Directors' Remuneration Policy is a binding vote. If approved  the Directors' Remuneration Policy will take effect immediately after the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting. If the Directors' Remuneration Policy is approved  the Company will not be able to make a remuneration payment to a current  past or prospective Director or a payment for loss of office to a current or past Director  unless that payment is consistent with the Directors' Remuneration Policy or has been approved by a resolution of the Shareholders. Resolution 4 - Appointment and remuneration of the auditor At each general meeting at which accounts are laid before Shareholders  the Company is required to appoint auditors to serve until the next such meeting. Accordingly  Resolution 4 seeks the reappointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's auditors to serve until the next annual general meeting of the Company and  in accordance with normal practice  authority for the Directors to determine their remuneration. Resolution 5 - Re-appointment of Dr. Michael Davidson as a Director Dr. Michael Davidson  M.D. FACC  FNLA  has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2021. Dr. Davidson is Professor of Medicine and Director of the Lipid Clinic at the University of Chicago. He also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of New Amsterdam Pharma Company N.V. (Nasdaq: NAMS) which was listed on Nasdaq in November 2022. Dr. Davidson is a leading expert in the field of Lipidology. He has conducted over 1 000 clinical trials  published more than 350 medical journal articles and written three books on Lipidology. His research background encompasses both pharmaceutical and nutritional clinical trials including extensive research on statins  novel lipid-lowering drugs  and omega-3 fatty acids. Dr. Davidson is a serial biotech entrepreneur  founding three companies  the Chicago Center for Clinical Research  which became the largest investigator site in the United States and was acquired by Pharmaceutical Product Development in 1996  Omthera 8Pharmaceuticals in 2008  which was acquired by AstraZeneca in 2013 for $440 million  and most recently  he was the founding CEO/CSO of Corvidia Therapeutics  which was acquired by Novo Nordisk for up to $2.1 billion in 2020. He is also an independent director of Nasdaq-listed Tenax Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: TENX) and serves on the board of two private biotech companies  Sonothera and NanoPhoria Bioscience. Dr. Davidson is board-certified in internal medicine  cardiology  and clinical lipidology. He was President (2010-2011) of the National Lipid Association  named as one The Best Doctors in America for the past 20 years and ""Father of the Year"" by the American Diabetes Association  2010. Under article 107 of the Articles  at every annual general meeting of the Company  there shall retire from office any Director who shall have been a Director at each of the preceding two annual general meetings and who was not appointed or re-appointed by the Company in general meeting at  or since  either such meeting. Dr. Davidson was last re-appointed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting and  accordingly  stands for re-appointment at the Annual General Meeting under article 107 of the Articles. Resolution 6 - Approval of takeover provisions in the Articles Following the AIM Cancellation  the City Code could cease to apply to the Company in the future if any changes to the Board composition result in the majority of Directors not being resident in the United Kingdom  Channel Islands and Isle of Man. The Shareholders approved an amendment to the Articles at a general meeting held on 1 November 2021 which inserted a new article 159 that would apply in the event that the City Code were no longer to apply to the Company. Article 159 includes certain takeover protections so that the Company is able to defend itself and its Shareholders from hostile takeovers. In accordance with the Articles  Resolution 6 is proposed as an ordinary resolution seeking approval for Article 159 to continue to apply from the conclusion of this Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. At the end of this Document is a notice convening the Annual General Meeting which is to be held at 221 River Street  9th Floor  Hoboken  NJ 07030 and electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform at 8:00 a.m. EDT (1:00 p.m. BST) on Friday 17 May 2024 at which the Resolutions will be proposed. 6. Directors' recommendation and voting intentions The Directors consider the Resolutions to be in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly  the Directors unanimously recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of the Resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting  as they intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings amounting  in aggregate  to 118 851 Ordinary Shares  representing approximately 0.08% of the issued capital of the Company as at 11 April 2024  the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this Document. Your faithfully  Iain Ross Chairman 9NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING SILENCE THERAPEUTICS PLC (incorporated and registered in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with registered company number 02992058) NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the annual general meeting (the ""Annual General Meeting"") of Silence Therapeutics plc (the ""Company"") will be held at 221 River Street  9th Floor  Hoboken  NJ 07030 and electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time (1:00 p.m. British Summer Time) on Friday 17 May 2024 to consider  and if thought fit  pass the following resolutions  each of which will be proposed as an ordinary resolution. ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS 1. To receive and adopt the accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2023  together with the reports of the directors and auditors thereon (the ""UK Annual Report""). 2. To approve the directors' remuneration report for the year ended 31 December 2023 (excluding the directors' remuneration policy set out on pages 32 to 52 of the directors' remuneration report) as set out in the UK Annual Report. 3. To approve the directors' remuneration policy  as set on pages 33 to 45 of the UK Annual Report  which takes effect immediately after the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting. 4. To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as auditors of the Company from the conclusion of the meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company at which accounts are laid and to authorise the directors to determine their remuneration. 5. To re-appoint Dr. Michael Davidson as a director  who is retiring in accordance with Article 107 of the Company's articles of association (the ""Articles"") and  being eligible  is offering himself for re-appointment. 6. That  in accordance with Article 159.13(b) of the Articles  Article 159 of the Articles shall apply with effect from the conclusion of this Annual General Meeting to the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. 15 April 2024 Registered Office: 27 Eastcastle Street London W1W 8DH United Kingdom By order of the Board Rhonda Hellums Company Secretary 10Explanatory notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting Proxies 1. As explained on page 7 of this Notice of Annual General Meeting  Shareholders may attend the Annual General Meeting in person or electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform. Shareholders are entitled and strongly encouraged to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of their rights to vote on their behalf at the Annual General Meeting. A Shareholder can appoint the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting or anyone else to be their proxy at the Annual General Meeting. We are pleased to be able to provide a facility for Shareholders to attend  vote and ask questions at the Annual General Meeting remotely via the Lumi Meeting Platform. It is important to note that Shareholders joining the Annual General Meeting electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform will be in attendance at the Annual General Meeting and will be able to vote at the Annual General Meeting via the Lumi Meeting Platform. However  Shareholders are encouraged to submit their votes ahead of the Annual General Meeting by appointing the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as their proxy. 2. A member of the Company entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may appoint one or more proxies to exercise all or any of the member's rights to attend  speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the Annual General Meeting for the member's vote to be counted. If a member appoints more than one proxy to attend the Annual General Meeting  each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by the member. If a member wishes to appoint more than one proxy  they may do so at www.signalshares.com. 3. To be effective  the proxy vote must be submitted at www.signalshares.com so as to have been received by the Registrar not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the Annual General Meeting or any adjournment of it (not taking into account any part of a day that is not a working day). By registering on the Signal shares portal at www.signalshares.com  you can manage your shareholding  including: - casting your vote; - changing your dividend payment instruction; and - updating your address and selecting your communication preference. Any power of attorney or other authority under which the proxy is submitted (or a duly certified copy of that power of attorney or other authority) must be returned to the Registrar  Link Group  PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the Annual General Meeting or any adjournment of it (not taking into account any part of a day that is not a working day). If a paper form of proxy is requested from the Registrar  it should be completed and returned to Link Group  PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL to be received not less than 48 hours before the time of the Annual General Meeting or any adjournment of it (not taking into account any part of a day that is not a working day). 4. Members who intend to appoint more than one proxy can obtain additional forms of proxy from Link Group. The forms of proxy should be returned in the same envelope and each should indicate that it is one of more than one appointment being made. 5. Where more than one joint member purports to appoint a proxy in respect of the same shares  only the appointment by the most senior member will be accepted as determined by the order in which the names appear in the Company's register of members. 6. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. The number of votes withheld will however be calculated and recorded  but disregarded in calculating the number of votes for or against each Resolution. 117. If you need help with voting online  or require a paper proxy form  please contact the Registrar  Link Group  by email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk  or you may call Link Group on 0371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Link Group is open between 9.00 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. (British Summer Time)  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. 8. Submission of a proxy vote shall not preclude a member from attending and voting in person or electronically at the Annual General Meeting in respect of which the proxy is appointed or at any adjournment thereof. See Note 1 above regarding attendance at the Annual General Meeting. 9. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Annual General Meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. 10. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instruction  as described in the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear.com). The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy  or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy  must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Registrar (ID: RA10) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in Note 3 above. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Application Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time  any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. 11. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that Euroclear UK & International Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings (www.euroclear.com). 12. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended). 13. Unless otherwise indicated on the Form of Proxy  CREST voting or any other electronic voting channel instruction  the proxy will vote as they think fit or  at their discretion  withhold from voting. Entitlement to attend and vote 14. Pursuant to Regulation 41(1) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended)  the Company has specified that only those members registered on the register of members of the Company at close of business on Wednesday 15 May 2024 (the ""Specified Time"") (or  if the Annual General Meeting is adjourned to a time more than 48 hours after the Specified Time  by close of business on the day which is two days prior to the time of the adjourned Annual General Meeting  excluding non-working days) shall be entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their name at that time. If the Annual General Meeting is adjourned to a time not more than 48 hours after the Specified Time  that time will also apply for the purpose of determining the entitlement of members to attend and vote (and for the purposes of determining the number of votes they may cast) at the adjourned Annual General Meeting. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting. 12How to join the Annual General Meeting electronically 15. In order to join the Annual General Meeting electronically and to vote and ask questions via the Lumi Meeting Platform  Shareholders will need to connect to the following site https://web.lumiagm.com . Lumi is available as a mobile web client  compatible with the latest browser versions of Chrome  Firefox  Edge and Safari and can be accessed using any web browser  on a PC or smartphone device. 16. Once you have accessed https://web.lumiagm.com from your web browser on a tablet or Computer  you will be asked to enter the Lumi Meeting ID which is 194-776-975. You will then be prompted to enter your unique 11 digit Investor Code (IVC) including any leading zeros and 'PIN'. Your PIN is the last 4 digits of your IVC. This will authenticate you as a Shareholder. 17. Your IVC can be found on your share certificate  or Signal Shares users (www.signalshares.com) will find this under 'Manage your account' when logged in to the Signal Shares portal. You can also obtain this by contacting Link  our Registrar  by calling +44 (0) 371 277 1020. 18. Access to the Annual General Meeting will be available 30 minutes before the start time of the Annual General Meeting  although the voting functionality will not be enabled until the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting declares the poll open. During the Annual General Meeting  you must ensure you are connected to the internet at all times in order to vote when the Chairman commences polling on the Resolutions. Therefore  it is your responsibility to ensure connectivity for the duration of the Annual General Meeting via your wi-fi. A user guide to the Lumi platform is available on the Investors section of our website at www.silence-therapeutics.com/investors . 19. If you wish to appoint a proxy other than the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting and for them to attend the Annual General Meeting electronically on your behalf  please submit your proxy appointment in the usual way before contacting Link Group on +44 (0) 371 277 1020 in order to obtain their IVC and PIN. It is suggested that you do this as soon as possible and at least 48 hours (excluding non-business days) before the meeting. Lines are open from 9.00 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. (British Summer Time) Monday to Friday  calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the U.K. will be charged at the applicable international rate. 20. If your shares are held within a nominee and you wish to attend the Annual General Meeting electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform  you will need to contact your nominee as soon as possible. Your nominee will need to present a corporate letter of representation to Link Group  our registrar  as soon as possible and at least 72 hours (excluding non-business days) before the Annual General Meeting  in order that they can obtain for you your unique IVC and PIN to enable you to attend the Annual General Meeting electronically via the Lumi Meeting Platform. 21. It is important to note that Shareholders joining the Annual General Meeting electronically will be in attendance at the Annual General Meeting and will be able to vote at the Annual General Meeting via the Lumi Meeting Platform. However  Shareholders are encouraged to submit their votes ahead of the Annual General Meeting by appointing the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as their proxy. Questions 22. The Annual General Meeting is an important opportunity for all Shareholders to express their views by asking questions. Your participation in the Annual General Meeting continues to be very important to us. Shareholders wishing to raise any questions relating to the business of the Annual General Meeting may do so by submitting them to the Chairman via IR@silencetherapeutics.com . The Company will endeavour to publish and maintain an appropriate summary of responses on the 'Shareholder Information' page of its website in advance of the Annual General Meeting. 23. Shareholders may also submit questions during the Annual General Meeting via the Lumi Meeting Platform. We will endeavour to answer all appropriate questions during the Annual General Meeting  to the extent possible in the time allocated for the Annual General Meeting  and will publish a summary of responses on the 'Shareholder Information' page of our website following the Annual General Meeting. 13",neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,mixed,0.2,0.29,0.51,True,English,"['Silence Therapeutics', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'Form', 'other independent professional adviser', 'electronic proxy appointment service', 'Lumi Meeting Platform', 'Leeds LS1 4DL', 'SILENCE THERAPEUTICS PLC', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'future business strategies', 'subsequent forward-looking statements', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent reports', 'other agent', 'other factors', 'Ordinary Shares', 'relevant laws', '221 River Street', '9th Floor', 'proxy votes', 'paper form', 'Link Group', 'Central Square', '29 Wellington Street', 'CREST members', 'legal, tax', 'Iain Ross', 'Non-Executive Chairman', 'Cautionary note', 'historical facts', 'similar substance', 'Form 20-F', 'Form 6-K', 'numerous assumptions', 'undue reliance', 'other documents', 'future performance', 'Past performance', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'working day', 'Companies Act', 'financial advice', 'actual results', 'company number', 'doubt', 'aspect', 'proposals', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'holdings', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'sale', 'transmission', 'jurisdiction', 'violation', 'Notice', 'Hoboken', 'NJ', '8:00 a', 'Friday', '17 May', 'Shareholders', 'person', 'facility', 'questions', 'signalshares', 'Registrar', 'time', 'adjournment', 'part', 'PXS', 'England', 'Wales', 'contents', 'recipients', 'advisers', 'matters', 'letter', 'pages', 'Directors', 'favour', 'Resolutions', 'Copies', 'website', 'silence-therapeutics', 'limitation', 'words', 'targets', 'plans', 'expects', 'aims', 'estimates', 'projects', 'terms', 'guarantees', 'auditors', 'filings', 'year', 'known', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'present', 'environment', 'Investors', 'regulation', 'obligation', 'change', 'expectations', 'regard', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'behalf', 'entirety']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39249,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-karolinska-060000361.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Karolinska Development AB (publ),The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Thursday May 16  2024  at 3:00 p.m.,Karolinska Development AB (publ)The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Thursday May 16  2024  at 3:00 p.m. (CEST)  at Nanna Svartz väg 2  171 65 Solna  Sweden.The Board of Directors has resolved that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association. Therefore  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  by postal voting or through a proxy.Participation in personA shareholder who would like to participate at the AGM in person must:ADVERTISEMENTboth be entered in the register of the shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Tuesday May 7  2024 and give notice of his or her intention to participate to the Company no later than Friday May 10  2024  at the address Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Nanna Svartz väg 6A  171 65  Solna  Sweden  or through email eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com. When giving notice to participate  please provide name  personal identity number or company registration number  telephone number and number of represented shares.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must:both be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Tuesday May 7  2024 and notify their intention to participate by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Karolinska Development no later than Friday May 10  2024.Shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association  referring to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.For advance voting  a special form must be used. Forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.The advance voting form is valid as notification of participation at the AGM.Story continuesThe completed advance voting form must be received by the Company no later than Friday May 10  2024. The completed form shall be sent to Karolinska Development by e-mail to eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com or by regular mail to Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Nanna Svartz väg 6A  171 65  Solna  Sweden. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the advance voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are provided in the form for advance voting.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the AGM in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the AGM’s secretariat prior to the opening of the AGM.Participation by proxyIf the shareholders are represented by proxy  a written proxy must be issued and submitted to the Company at the above address well in advance of the AGM. The proxy is valid during the period set forth in the proxy  however  at most five years from the issuance. If a proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the legal entity's registration certificate or similar document evidencing signatory powers must be enclosed. Proxy forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.Nominee registered sharesFor shareholders who have their shares nominee-registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Tuesday May 7  2024. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must  in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines  request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that have been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Friday May 10  2024  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proposal for agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the group annual report and the auditor’s group report7. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet  and consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheetb) appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO8. Resolution regarding the number of directors and auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed9. Resolution in respect of the fees for the Board of Directors and for the auditors10. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors and auditors and deputy auditors11. Principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination Committee12. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding principles for remuneration to executive management13. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 202314. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares15. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares16. Closing of the meetingItems 1 and 8–11: The Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding chairman at the meeting; number of directors  auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed; fees for the Board of Directors and auditors; election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors  auditors and deputy auditors and principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee has consisted of Yan Cheng (chairman)  appointed by Worldwide International Investments Ltd; Jack Li  appointed by invoX Pharma Ltd; Jan Dworsky  appointed by Swedbank Robur Microcap fond; Hans Wigzell  appointed by Insamlingsstiftelsen för främjande och utveckling av medicinsk forskning vid KI; Peter Markborn  appointed by Styviken Invest AS.The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows:Lawyer Annika Andersson (Cirio Law Firm) is appointed to chair the Annual General Meeting.The number of directors will be five and no deputies will be appointed.The number of auditors will be one and no deputy auditor will be appointed.The chairman will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 400 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. All other directors will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 200 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. The fees to the directors remain unchanged compared to previous year.The auditors will be paid as per invoice.Re-election of the directors Theresa Tse  Anna Lefevre Skjöldebrand  Ben Toogood and Philip Duong and election of Hans Wigzell as new director of the Board of Directors. Björn Cochlovius has declined re-election.Election of Hans Wigzell as new Chairman of the Board of Directors.Hans Wigzell was born 1938. He is professor emeritus of immunology and MD. Hans’ previous assignments include  among others  the president of Karolinska Institutet’s Nobel Committee  and president of Karolinska Institutet  director general of Smittskyddsinstitutet and board member/chairman of Karolinska Development. Hans’ other current appointments include chairman of Rhenman & Partner Asset Management AB and RaySearch Laboratories AB  board member of Sarepta Therapeutics Inc.  and also member of The Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences and of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Hans holds 1 228 613 shares in the Company. Hans Wigzell is independent of the Company and its executive management  and independent in relation to the Company’s major shareholders.The composition of the Board of Directors meets the independence requirement of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The Nomination Committee proposes that voting shall take place individually.Re-election of Ernst & Young Aktiebolag as auditor in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  currently with Oskar Wall as auditor in charge  for the time until the end of the 2025 Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee shall have five members. Every year  the five largest owners (voting power  as set forth in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August) shall appoint one member each. The chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the first meeting. If a shareholder does not exercise its right to appoint a member  the shareholder next in order of voting power  who has not already appointed a member or has a right to appoint a member  shall have the right to appoint a member to the Nominating Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be made public as soon as the members have been appointed  and in no case later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting. The members shall among themselves appoint the chairman of the committee. If a member resigns or is prevented from pursuing his/her assignment  the shareholder that has appointed such member shall appoint a new member. In the event that the shareholding in the Company is materially changed  before the Nomination Committee has completed its assignment  the Nomination Committee may decide to change the composition of the Nomination Committee  as determined by the Nomination Committee (considering the principles applicable for the appointment of the Nomination Committee). Any change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as possible. No fees shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. Out of pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. The mandate of the committee shall be until the members of the succeeding committee have been announced.The Nomination Committee is to make proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding the election of Chair of the Annual General Meeting  number of board members  Chair of the Board and other board members and remuneration to the board members. The Nomination Committee is also to make proposals regarding the Company’s auditor  remuneration to the Company’s auditor and election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for the selection of a Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall conduct an annual evaluation of this instruction and when necessary propose to amend it to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee shall otherwise carry out the tasks that  according to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code  are the responsibility of the Nomination Committee.Item 7 b: Appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors and the CEO proposes that the amount at disposal of the Annual General Meeting  in total SEK 1 244 034 986 shall be carried forward.Item 12: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding principles for remuneration to executive managementThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the proposal for Guidelines for Remuneration to Executive Management  (the “Guidelines”). The Guidelines applies on salary and other forms of remuneration to the CEO and other management personnel (executive management) decided after the 2024 AGM. They apply to all categories of remunerations and benefits  whether paid in cash  or paid now or in the future  or if certain or uncertain. The Guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided by the General Meeting.The Guidelines are handled by the Remuneration Committee  which provide a proposal to the Board of Directors. The decision to submit the Guidelines for approval by the General Meeting is made by the Board of Directors.GeneralRemuneration to executive management comprises fixed salary  variable remuneration  pension fees and other customary benefits.Karolinska Development shall maintain compensation levels and terms required to recruit and keep executive management with the competence and experience necessary to fulfil the Company´s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. The total remuneration to executive management shall be on market terms  competitive  reasonable and appropriate.For more information about the Company’s business strategy  see the Company’s website (https://www.karolinskadevelopment.com/en/our-strategy).Market term consultancy fees may be paid to board directors that perform services to the Company outside the scope of the directorship.Fixed salaryFixed salaries shall be based on each individual´s experience  competence and field of responsibility. Fixed salary shall be revised annually for each calendar year.Variable remunerationVariable remunerations shall be formed to promote Karolinska Development´s long term value creation  including its sustainability; be based upon criteria that are predetermined  clear  measurable and that can be influenced; if in form of variable salary  have a fixed cap; not be included when calculating pension insurance premiums.The CEO and other executive management are entitled to bonus based on exits in the portfolio. The remuneration totals of 4% of the net proceeds paid to the Company upon the exit  limited to a maximum exit related bonus of MSEK 50 per exit and financial year. The bonus create incentive to contribute to the realization of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.Annual short-term incentive programs (STI) based on corporate objectives  set yearly by the Board of Directors  are proposed by the Remuneration Committee and resolved by the Board of Directors for each calendar year. The remuneration is conditional upon criteria based on the development of the portfolio and development of the business model  which are set up to realize Karolinska Development’s long-term value creation and creates incentive to contribute to the realization of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. The set objectives are divided into sub-objectives  each being clear  measurable and influenceable  which are weighed relatively depending on priority. The program is evaluated after the end of the year by the Remuneration Committee and the outcome is decided by the Board of Directors. The payment to an employee under a STI program shall be limited to an amount corresponding to six months’ salaries. The cost for the Company at maximum outcome of STI 2024 amounts to 4.6 MSEK.Information about the exit bonus and the STI and LTI programs is found in the Annual report for 2023  note 5. Information is also available on the Company´s website in the Corporate Governance section.As described above  the STI part of the total annual fixed cash salary cannot exceed 50%  which also means that the fixed salary will always be at least 66% per cent of the total remuneration. Potential exit bonus is not included in this calculation.Karolinska Development has one long-term incentive program (LTI) for the year 2010  resolved by the AGM and therefore not covered by the Guidelines.PensionThe Company´s costs for pension for an employee shall be paid during the period when the employee is active in the Company. Pension insurance premiums shall not be paid when an employee has retired. In addition to what is required under Swedish law  premiums shall be paid in accordance with an adopted pension premium plan  with pension fees paid within intervals depending on age and salary. The pension premiums for defined-contribution may amount to maximum 35% of the annual fixed cash salary.Customary other benefits etc.Executive management are entitled to such other customary benefits that are applied for all employees at Karolinska Development  such as sick pay  health care and wellness program etc. The number of paid holidays amounts to thirty. The Company does not provide company cars.Executive management are not allowed to receive fees for serving on the Board of Directors  when related to the employment at Karolinska Development.Executive management who holds employment or have entered into remuneration agreements in non-wholly owned subsidiaries shall be exempted from these Guidelines.The termination period at termination by the Company shall not exceed twelve months for the CEO and six months for other executive management. If notice of termination is given by the CEO  the notice period shall be at least six months and by other executive management  at least six months. Severance pay may be paid only to the CEO. Fixed salary during a period of notice and severance pay aggregated are not to exceed an amount equivalent to the individual´s fixed salary for two years.Salaries and terms of employment for employeesWhen preparing the Board’s proposal for these Guidelines  salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees were considered in that information about employees’ total remuneration  the remuneration components  the increase in the remuneration and the rate of the increase over time formed a part of the Board’s decision basis for the evaluation of the reasonableness of the Guidelines and the limitations resulting from them.Preparations and decisionsThe Company´s Remuneration Committee is to prepare decisions related to salaries and other employment terms to executive management. The Board of Directors is to decide regarding salary to the CEO and principles for remuneration to other executive management. The Board must prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every four years and present the proposal to the AGM for resolution. The Guidelines should apply until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting. The Board of Directors should also monitor and evaluate the program for variable remuneration to the executive management  the application of guidelines for remuneration to executive management and the applicable remuneration structures and levels in the Company. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in relation to the Company and executive management. When the Board of Directors prepare and decides on remuneration-related matters  the CEO and other members of executive management do not attend the meetings to the extent they are affected by the matters.Derogation from the GuidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily deviate from the Guidelines in full or in part if there on a case by case basis are grounds for such a decision and a deviation is necessary to ensure the Company’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s economic viability. Exceptions (if any) shall be commented on at the following AGM.Description of significant changes to the GuidelinesThe Board of Directors has not received any input from shareholders concerning the existing Guidelines for remuneration to executive management. The Board of Directors’ proposal for Guidelines for remuneration to executive management essentially corresponds to existing Guidelines. A clarification has been made stating that executive management who holds employment or have entered into remuneration agreements in non-wholly owned subsidiaries shall be exempted from these Guidelines. In addition  certain editorial changes have been made regarding derogation from the Guidelines.Item 13: Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 2023The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2023 in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 14: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to resolve on transfer of all shares of series B held by the Company at any given time. The Company holds 244 285 shares of series B at the time of the publication of this notice. Transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the registered price interval at any given time  being the interval between the highest bid and lowest ask price. Otherwise  transfer shall be made on market terms. Payment for shares shall be made in cash  in kind or by set-off.The purpose of the authorization for transferring own shares and the reasons for potential deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the Company’s capital structure  to use repurchased shares as payment for  or financing of  acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.Item 15: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  and for payment in cash  by set-off or in kind  to issue new shares of series B up to a number that  at the time of the first resolution under this authorization  corresponds to twenty (20) per cent of the total share capital; provided however that any such issue must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe annual report  auditor’s report  remuneration report and other documents that are to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act  are available at the Company on Nanna Svartz väg 2  171 65  Solna  Sweden and at the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com  no later than three weeks before the AGM  and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by any shareholder and if the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide disclosures about conditions that may impact assessment of an item of business on the agenda  about conditions that may impact assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial situation  and about the Company’s relationship with another group company.As per the date of this notice  there are 270 077 594 shares  representing a total of 293 074 943 votes outstanding in the Company  distributed among 2 555 261 shares of series A (with 25 552 610 votes) and 267 522 333 shares of series B (with 267 522 333 votes). As per the date of this notice  the Company holds 244 285 treasury shares of series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection to the Annual General Meeting see the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfSolna in April 2024Karolinska Development AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'Notice', 'Nanna Svartz väg 6A', 'most five years', 'similar document evidencing', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group annual report', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'group report', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'telephone number', 'special form', 'registration certificate', 'Thursday May', 'Tuesday May', 'Friday May', 'legal entity', 'signatory powers', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'consolidated profit', 'postal vote', 'advance vote', 'other nominee', 'respective nominee', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'regular mail', 'share register', 'Proxy forms', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'CEST', '171 65 Solna', 'Board', 'Directors', 'item', 'articles', 'association', 'AGM', 'Participation', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'notice', 'intention', 'address', 'email', 'montgomerie', 'karolinskadevelopment', 'name', 'represented', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'English', 'download', 'website', 'notification', 'Story', 'completed', 'eva', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'secretariat', 'opening', 'written', 'period', 'issuance', 'copy', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', '3:00']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
39250,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Gets-a-Buy-rating-from-Warburg-Research-46434551/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Gets a Buy rating from Warburg Research,(marketscreener.com) In a research note published by Andreas Pläsier  Warburg Research advises its customers to buy the stock. No major update to the target price set at EUR 226 compared to EUR 227.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Buy rating', 'Warburg Research', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39251,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Gets-a-Neutral-rating-from-Jefferies-46437491/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Gets a Neutral rating from Jefferies,(marketscreener.com) Analyst Tom Mills from Jefferies research gives the stock a Neutral rating. The target price is still set at EUR 195.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Gets-a-Neutral-rating-from-Jef…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Neutral rating', 'Jefferies', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39252,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/blackrock-etf-flash-crashed-europe-162940122.html?fr=sycsrp_catchall,BlackRock ETF Flash Crashed in Europe April 5,BlackRock's global ETF listed on the Deutsche Boerse experienced a flash crash earlier this month as liquidity vanished from the market following the report of U.S. jobs data.,BlackRock ETF Flash Crashed in Europe April 5BlackRock's global ETF listed on the Deutsche Boerse experienced a flash crash earlier this month as liquidity vanished from the market following the report of U.S. jobs data.The incident saw the $74.4 billion iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF (EUNL) briefly fall 5% at 2:30pm Central European Time April 5  moments after the key economic data was published.EUNL’s price jumped back shortly after as market-making activity was resumed on the ETF.Listings of the largest global equity ETF in Europe on all other exchanges were unaffected.Deutsche Boerse said it investigated the flash crash after it was reported to its Trading Surveillance Office.However  the Frankfurt-based exchange told ETF Stream its investigation found no suspicious trading activity  market manipulation or rule infringement.“The preliminary results of our analysis indicates orderly trading activity at this point. We believe that the price fall was triggered by a chain of unfortunate circumstances ” a Deutsche Boerse spokesperson said in a statement.“Our current understanding is that the release of economic data led to a significant reduction in market-making activity for a very short period around the time of the release.”It added incoming sell orders triggered multiple stop orders  leading to the price decline.The exchange’s safeguard mechanism then halted trading after it reached its 5% volume control limit on EUNL’s overnight closing figure.“Based on our observation  we have already reached out to market participants to discuss potential actions to reduce the likelihood of similar incidents in the future ” the spokesperson said.Price spikes in ETFs can occur following major market announcements when market makers  which provide liquidity and price stability through the creation and redemption process  decide to pause their activity.Market makers are not mandated to provide liquidity and often do not during periods of extreme volatility when they are unlikely to profit from an arbitrage opportunity.In this case  US jobs data beat market expectations  resulting in investors dialing back their rate cut hopes  a potentially negative scenario for global equities.Investors often use limit orders when trading on an exchange  a pricing strategy that sets a maximum or minimum price you are willing to accept when buying and selling a security.The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has previously warned that the role of market makers in ETFs “requires close monitoring” during periods of market stress.The international policymaker said the role of liquidity providers poses a key risk within ETFs  as only market makers have direct access to ETFs  while authorized participants can step away at any point from providing liquidity.Story continuesIn the U.S.  BlackRock has issued the iShares MSCI World ETF (URTH)  which has $3.38 billion in assets.This article originally appeared on etf.com sister publication etfstream at BlackRock world ETF flash crashes on Deutsche Boerse as liquidity vanishes (etfstream.com).Permalink | © Copyright 2024 etf.com. All rights reserved,neutral,0.02,0.64,0.34,negative,0.01,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['BlackRock ETF', 'Europe', '$74.4 billion iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'etf.com sister publication etfstream', 'iShares MSCI World ETF', 'The International Monetary Fund', 'largest global equity ETF', 'U.S. jobs data', 'BlackRock world ETF', 'US jobs data', 'overnight closing figure', 'rate cut hopes', 'incoming sell orders', 'multiple stop orders', 'Trading Surveillance Office', '5% volume control limit', 'Central European Time', 'key economic data', 'major market announcements', 'suspicious trading activity', 'orderly trading activity', 'Deutsche Boerse spokesperson', 'global ETF', 'ETF Stream', 'limit orders', 'BlackRock ETF', 'international policymaker', 'global equities', 'key risk', 'market-making activity', 'flash crash', 'other exchanges', 'market manipulation', 'rule infringement', 'preliminary results', 'unfortunate circumstances', 'current understanding', 'significant reduction', 'short period', 'safeguard mechanism', 'market participants', 'potential actions', 'similar incidents', 'market makers', 'redemption process', 'extreme volatility', 'arbitrage opportunity', 'market expectations', 'negative scenario', 'pricing strategy', 'close monitoring', 'market stress', 'direct access', 'authorized participants', 'price fall', 'price decline', 'Price spikes', 'price stability', 'minimum price', 'Frankfurt-based exchange', 'liquidity providers', 'liquidity vanishes', 'report', 'EUNL', '2:30pm', 'Listings', 'investigation', 'analysis', 'point', 'chain', 'statement', 'release', 'observation', 'likelihood', 'future', 'creation', 'periods', 'case', 'investors', 'maximum', 'security', 'IMF', 'role', 'Story', 'URTH', 'assets', 'article', 'Permalink', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,finance.yahoo.com
39253,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/30-largest-stock-exchanges-world-031445008.html,30 Largest Stock Exchanges in the World,In this article  we will look into the 30 largest stock exchanges in the world. If you want to skip our detailed analysis you can go directly to the 10 Largest Stock Exchanges in the World. Global Stock Market Outlook 2024 and Top Performers According to the April issue of the World Federation of Exchanges,"In this article  we will look into the 30 largest stock exchanges in the world. If you want to skip our detailed analysis you can go directly to the 10 Largest Stock Exchanges in the World.Global Stock Market Outlook 2024 and Top PerformersAccording to the April issue of the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE)  the global stock market valuation  defined as the market cap of all listed companies across the globe  reached $111.85 trillion in February 2024  recording a moderate growth of 1.48%. As of February 2024  there are 54 625 total domestic and foreign listed companies in the global stock market. In February  trading activity showed strong growth  with the number of trades reaching over 4.34 trillion.On April 1  Forbes reported that the US stock market experienced a strong first quarter in 2024. In March  the S&P 500 recorded total returns of 3.2%  driven by the positive outlook of the economy. The Dow Jones Industrial Average grew by 6.1% and NASDAQ grew by over 9.3% in the first quarter of 2024. Sectors including technology  consumer cyclical  and consumer defensive fueled the market growth in the first quarter  generating total returns of over 8% or more  each.Among the best-performing S&P 500 stocks for the quarter  the leading AI server manufacturing company  Super Micro Computer  Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) exhibited strong performance and led the market by a substantial margin  recording a 255% year-to-date increase. Super Micro Computer  Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) has recorded a noteworthy return of 502% since the start of 2023. Another leading company manufacturing AI chips  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has maintained its strong growth in 2024 so far  after being the top-performing S&P 500 stock of 2023. The company's market cap reached $2.29 trillion in the first quarter of 2024. This can be attributed to a year-to-date surge of 82% and a 321% increase since the beginning of 2023 in NVIDIA Corporation's (NASDAQ:NVDA) shares. Super Micro Computer  Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) and NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) are also among the 10 unstoppable tech stocks to buy now.NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is making huge moves in AI and investors and analysts are bullish on the stock. Over the past 3 months  the stock has received 39 Buy ratings from Wall Street analysts. Its average price target of $989.5 represents an upside of 15% from current levels. As of April 5  the stock has returned over 215% over the past 12 months. Here is what Palm Valley Capital Fund said about NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) in its first quarter 2024 investor letter:Story continues“Such beguiling prognostications are indigenous to Wall Street—the biggest showcase of them all. The ferocious march higher of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)’s stock on expectations of its continued dominance in artificial intelligence (AI) chips might even confound the galley slavedriver in Ben-Hur. Ramming speed! Nvidia’s share price seems to imply the firm will soon control nearly the entire global semiconductor market (over half a trillion in sales vs. Nvidia’s current $60 billion) while maintaining an operating margin of 54%—unprecedented for a hardware company. Leading hardware firms rarely retain their supremacy forever: IBM  Hewlett Packard  Digital Equipment Corporation  Intel  and Cisco all fell from their storied perches…”Analysts are also bullish on Super Micro Computer  Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI). On March 25  Northland Capital Markets analyst Nehal Chokshi raised the price target on Super Micro Computer  Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) to $1 300 from $925 and maintained an Outperform rating. Over the past 3 months  the stock has received 7 Buy ratings from Wall Street analysts. Here is what ClearBridge Investments had to say about Super Micro Computer  Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) in its first quarter 2024 investor letter:“While large cap benchmarks get a lot of attention for a handful of mega cap stocks driving the lion’s share of performance  we would highlight even more extreme and unprecedented concentration in small cap benchmarks. Year to date  one stock  Super Micro Computer  Inc.(NASDAQ:SMCI) has driven 37% of the return of the benchmark. Currently  SMCI is the largest constituent by weight in our benchmark  and it peaked at over 4.5%  representing the largest individual security weight in a monthly dataset going back to 1985. That represented a weighting 83% higher than the second-largest weight (from 1999). Moreover  MicroStrategy at its peak this past quarter would have represented the fourth-largest security in the 38 years of the monthly dataset. We are hard-pressed to recall another instance where the largest constituent of our benchmark was also added to the S&P 500  as SMCI was this March. We would note that SMCI currently is a $61 billion market capitalization company and MicroStrategy boasts a market capitalization of $28 billion  both well above the $6.8 billion weighted average market cap of the Strategy. Enthusiasm for AI and bitcoin have fueled this atypical concentration and performance distortion. Bitcoin rallied fast and furiously following the SEC’s approval of the first bitcoin ETF in early January  while the AI infrastructure build-out has had a narrow set of beneficiaries. Against this backdrop  the ClearBridge Small Cap Growth Strategy underperformed its benchmark. We are disappointed by this result  although 79% of the relative underperformance was due to not owning these two large benchmark holdings  which have fundamental and governance factors that have caused us  as long-term investors focused on quality sustainable growth stories  to avoid them.”You can also look at the 10 AI Stocks That Will Skyrocket and 11 Stocks That Will Profit From AI Evolution.European Stocks Tumble After Strong Q1On April 5  Reuters reported that the European market witnessed a significant decline after a strong first quarter  amid hawkish comments from a US Federal Reserve official  reversing the bullish sentiment that led to gains in the first quarter of 2024.On April 4  Minneapolis Fed President  Neel Kashkari appeared at a virtual LinkedIn event where he was asked about the expected rate cuts in 2024. The Federal Reserve official expressed his shock over the economy's resilience despite the rising interest rates. He further added that with significant growth in the job market  GDP  and consumer spending  we might not need to cut rates. He said:""Maybe the dynamics that we have right now are actually sustainable. But  you know  there are a lot of ifs underlying that question and that hypothesis or that scenario that I just articulated. So we need to see what ultimately happens with both the labor market and with inflation. Our dual mandate ultimately is what drives our rate path.""The idea floated by the Fed official doused hopes for interest rate cuts and led to the stumbling of European stocks on April 5. The STOXX Europe 600 (.STOXX) declined 1.2% and reached its lowest since mid-October 2023. Benchmark indices across the major European countries including DAX Performance Index  FTSE MIB Index (.FTMIB)  and IBEX 35 (.IBEX)  declined by over 1% each.The drop can also be attributed to the ongoing Middle East crisis. The increase in Brent crude prices and the suspicions regarding supply disruption  led to a 1.8% drop in the travel and leisure stocks  the STOXX 600 Travel & Leisure PR Index (.SXTP)  followed by a decline of around 1% and more in other indices and stocks.Increased Foreign Capital and Investments in Asian StocksThe impact of the Fed official's remarks about no rate cuts  led to major declines in the Asian stock market. However  the first quarter of 2024 presented a great outlook for the stock market in the region. On April 5  Reuters reported that Asian stocks surged in March  driven by the increased traction from foreign investors. The quarter was recorded as the best for foreign investments over the past three years  fueled by expectations of relaxed monetary policies and economic growth in the region  specifically China. According to the stock exchange data across India  South Korea  Indonesia  Taiwan  Philippines  Thailand  and Vietnam  foreign investors bought a total of $8.53 billion of regional equities in March. The total inflow for the quarter reached $18.57 billion  recording the highest investments since December 2020.Now that we have discussed the stock market outlook for 2024 and talked about the major markets  let's have a look at the 30 largest stock exchanges in the world.30 Largest Stock Exchanges in the WorldPhoto by Pascal Bernardon on UnsplashMethodologyTo compile our list of the 30 largest stock exchanges in the world  we utilized the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) market statistics for stock exchanges. We began our research by looking at the 2022 annual market statistics data to determine the major stock exchanges in the world. This provided us with a list of 87 stock exchanges. We then shortlisted the top stock exchanges based on the 2022 filing's data. After that  we sourced the latest market capitalization of the shortlisted exchanges from WFE. Our list ranks the 30 largest stock exchanges in the world in ascending order of their domestic market capitalization of listed companies  as of February 2024.Please note that for the London Stock Exchange  the latest available market capitalization data was for September 2023  and therefore we have cited that.30 Largest Stock Exchanges in the World30. Iran Fara Bourse Securities ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $323.14 billionMarket Identifier Code: IFBXIran Fara Bourse Securities Exchange is ranked among the largest stock exchanges in the world. It is headquartered in Tehran  and is the largest debt market and the second largest stock market in Iran. As of February 2024  the stock exchange has a market capitalization of $323.14 billion. The total number of listed companies on the exchange reached 195 in February 2024  recording an over 12% increase from February 2023.29. Bursa MalaysiaMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $384.85 billionMarket Identifier Code: XKLSBursa Malaysia is an exchange holding company in Malaysia that owns the Bursa Malaysia Stock Exchange  previously known as the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange. It was incorporated in 1976 and is one of the largest bourses in the ASEAN region. It operates a multi-asset exchange  providing a wide range of capital raising  investment  and exchange facilities. It tracks 13 key indices such as consumer products  financial services  and technology  among others. Some of the most active stocks listed on the Bursa Malaysia exchange include Velesto Energy Bhd (KLSE:VELESTO)  Dagang Nexchange Bhd (KLSE:DNEX)  and RGB International Bhd (KLSE:RGB).28. Borsa IstanbulMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $398.01 billionMarket Identifier Code: XISTIncorporated in Istanbul  Borsa Istanbul is the sole stock exchange in Istanbul  regulated by the Capital Markets Board of Turkiye. It has 522 domestic and foreign listed companies  as of February 2024. Koc Holding AS (IST:KCHOL)  Qnb Finansbank AS (IST:QNBFB)  and Turkiye Petrol Rafinerileri AS (IST:TUPRS) are some of the prominent stocks in the market. The stock exchange has a market valuation of $398.01 billion  as of February 2024.27. The Stock Exchange of ThailandMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $483.21 billionMarket Identifier Code: XBKKThe Stock Exchange of Thailand began trading in 1975. It was the second established capital market in Thailand after Bangkok Stock Exchange Co.  Ltd.  which ceased operations in 1970. As of April 5  the stock exchange has a total traded volume of 384 054 000 shares. The stock conducts two trading sessions within its trading hours of 9:30 AM to 5:00 PM. As of February 2024  the stock exchange has a market cap of $483.21 billion.26. Bolsa Mexicana de ValoresMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $554.25 billionMarket Identifier Code: XMEXBolsa Mexicana de Valores is the Mexcian stock exchange  operated by the company BMV Grupo which operates OTC markets for multiple assets such as equities  ETFs  and fixed income  among others. As of February 2024  the stock exchange has a combined domestic market capitalization of $554.25 billion. There are 136 domestic and foreign companies listed on Bolsa Mexicana de Valores. It is one of the largest stock exchanges in the world.25. Singapore ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $570.26 billionMarket Identifier Code: XSESSingapore Exchange is one of the largest stock exchanges in Asia. It is the most international multi-asset exchange in the region  with nearly 40% foreign stock and over 80% foreign bonds listed on it. As of February 2024  the stock has 625 total listed companies  with 217 foreign companies. Some of the biggest companies in Singapore include DBS Group Holdings Ltd (SGX:D05)  Singapore Telecommunications Ltd (SGX:275)  and Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd (SGX:S63)  among others.24. Moscow ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $671.58 billionMarket Identifier Code: XMOSMoscow Exchange is the largest securities exchange group in Russia  regulated by the Central Bank of Russia The exchange was founded in December 2011 and went public in 2013. Its securities market is open from 9:50 AM to 11:50 PM (Moscow Standard Time). As of February 2024  the exchange has a combined domestic market capitalization of $671.58 billion.23. BME Spanish ExchangesMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $738.36 billionMarket Identifier Code: BMEXBME Spanish Exchanges are the leading stock exchanges in Spain  operated by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles. These exchanges are based in Bilbo  Barcelona  Madrid  and Valencia. As of February 2024  the exchange has 800 listed companies. Some of the biggest Spanish companies include Iberdrola  S.A. (BME:IBE)  Banco Santander  S.A. (BME:SAN)  and Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria  S.A. (BME:BBVA). As of February 2024  the BME Spanish Exchanges have a market cap of $738.36 billion.22. Indonesia Stock ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $740.21 billionMarket Identifier Code: XIDXLocated in Jakarta  Indonesia Stock Exchange is a self regulatory organization  operated by the Indonesia Financial Services Authority. It has 920 total listed companies  as of February 2024. The trading hours of the exchange are from 8:45 AM to 04:15 PM (Indonesia Standard Time). As of February 2024  the exchange has a market valuation of $740.21 billion.21. Abu Dhabi Securities ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $775.35 billionMarket Identifier Code: XADSAbu Dhabi Securities Exchange is ranked 21st on our list of the largest stock exchanges in the world. Established in November 2000  the exchange has a total of 100 domestic and foreign listed companies  as of February 2024. The stock exchange has a market capitalization of $775.35 billion.20. Johannesburg Stock ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $917.70 billionMarket Identifier Code: XJSEJohannesburg Stock Exchange is the stock exchange of South Africa  based in Johannesburg. It is the biggest stock market in the continent and has a market capitalization of $917.70 billion  as of February 2024. Some of the leading companies listed on the exchange include FirstRand Ltd (JSE:FSR)  Naspers Ltd (JSE:NPN)  and Gold Fields Limited (JSE:GFI).19. B3 - Brasil Bolsa BalcãoMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $977.21 billionMarket Identifier Code: BVMFB3 - Brasil Bolsa Balcão is ranked 19th on our list. It is a Brazilian stock exchange  based in Sao Paulo. The stocks listed on the exchange are tracked by indices including Ibovespa  IBrX  and Itag  among others. It operates as an exchange and a fixed income and equities depository. As of February 2024  it has a market cap of $977.21 billion.18. Tehran Stock ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $1.60 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XTEHThe largest exchange in Iran  Tehran Stock Exchange is also one of the biggest stock exchanges in the world. There are 387 domestic companies listed on the exchange  as of February 2024. The domestic market capitalization of the exchange is $1.60 trillion.17. ASX Australian Securities ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $1.63 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XASXASX Australian Securities Exchange  operated by the stock exchange company ASX Limited (ASX:ASX)  is the primary securities exchange in Australia. As of February 2024  the exchange has over 1 900 domestic and 142 foreign listed companies. Headquartered in Sydney  ASX Australian Securities Exchange has a market cap of $1.63 trillion.16. Taiwan Stock ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $1.91 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XTAIBased in Taipei  the Taiwan Stock Exchange or TWSE is the stock exchange of Taiwan and operates with the market code  XTAI. The trading hours of its centralized market are 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM CST. The stock exchange has a market cap of $1.91 trillion  as of February 2024. The major stocks listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TPE:2330)  MediaTek Inc (TPE: 2454)  and Quanta Computer Inc (TPE:2382).15. Korea ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $1.91 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XKRXKorea Exchange  commonly known as KRX is the primary stock exchange of South Korea. The exchange has been contributing to the country's economy since its establishment in 1956. As of February 2024  it has a market cap of $1.91 trillion and has 2 570 listed companies.14. SIX Swiss ExchangeMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $1.99 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XSWXThe SIX Swiss Exchange is the principal stock exchange of Switzerland  headquartered in Zurich. It is one of the biggest stock markets in Europe. As of February 2024  there are 222 domestic companies listed on the stock exchange. It is ranked 14th on our list.13. Nasdaq Nordic and BalticMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $2.14 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XCSE  XHEL  XICE  XLIT  XRIS  XSTO  XTALNasdaq Nordic and Baltic is a subsidiary of the leading stock exchange company  Nasdaq. It is a joint European exchange  operating markets of seven exchanges including  Copenhagen  Finland  Helsinki  Iceland  Riga  Talin  and Vilnius. The exchange has a domestic market capitalization of $2.14 trillion  as of February 2024.12. Deutsche Boerse AGMarket Capitalization as of February 2024: $2.22 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XFRADeutsche Boerse AG is the leading stock exchange company  operating the Frankfurt Stock Exchange  along with a clearing house. It is one of the oldest and largest stock exchanges in the world. Some of the most valuable German companies listed on the exchange include Infineon Technologies AG (FRA:IFX)  SAP SE (FRA:SAP)  and Siemens AG (FRA:SIE). It is ranked 12th on our list.11. Saudi Stock Exchange (Tadawul)Market Capitalization as of February 2024: $2.99 trillionMarket Identifier Code: XSAUThe Saudi Stock Exchange or Tadawul is ranked 11th on our list of the largest stock exchanges in the world. It is the only stock exchange in Saudi Arabia  with 315 listed companies  as of February 2024. The stock exchange has a domestic market capitalization of $2.99 trillion.Click to continue reading and see 10 Largest Stock Exchanges in the World.Suggested Articles:Disclosure: None. 30 Largest Stock Exchanges in the World is originally published on Insider Monkey.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.23,0.45,True,English,"['30 Largest Stock Exchanges', 'World', 'The Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'leading company manufacturing AI chips', 'leading AI server manufacturing company', '$6.8 billion weighted average market cap', 'Palm Valley Capital Fund', 'Northland Capital Markets analyst', 'entire global semiconductor market', '$61 billion market capitalization company', 'first quarter 2024 investor letter', 'performing S&P 500 stocks', 'global stock market valuation', 'Global Stock Market Outlook', 'largest individual security weight', 'Leading hardware firms', '10 unstoppable tech stocks', 'mega cap stocks', 'average price target', 'Super Micro Computer', 'large cap benchmarks', 'small cap benchmarks', 'US stock market', 'Digital Equipment Corporation', 'foreign listed companies', 'strong first quarter', 'Wall Street analysts', '30 largest stock exchanges', '10 Largest Stock Exchanges', 'hardware company', 'largest security', 'positive outlook', 'market growth', 'largest weight', 'largest constituent', 'one stock', 'strong growth', 'detailed analysis', 'moderate growth', '54,625 total domestic', 'trading activity', 'total returns', 'consumer cyclical', 'consumer defensive', 'substantial margin', 'huge moves', 'past 3 months', '39 Buy ratings', 'current levels', 'past 12 months', 'beguiling prognostications', 'biggest showcase', 'continued dominance', 'artificial intelligence', 'galley slavedriver', 'Ramming speed', 'operating margin', 'Hewlett Packard', 'storied perches', 'Nehal Chokshi', 'Outperform rating', '7 Buy ratings', 'ClearBridge Investments', 'unprecedented concentration', 'monthly dataset', 'atypical concentration', 'strong performance', 'NVIDIA Corporation', 'share price', 'date surge', 'performance distortion', 'Top Performers', 'noteworthy return', 'April issue', 'World Federation', 'ferocious march', 'date increase', 'NASDAQ:SMCI', 'NASDAQ:NVDA', '321% increase', 'article', 'WFE', 'globe', 'February', 'number', 'trades', 'Forbes', 'economy', 'Sectors', 'technology', 'start', 'year', 'beginning', 'shares', 'investors', 'upside', 'Story', 'expectations', 'Ben-Hur.', 'sales', 'supremacy', 'IBM', 'Cisco', 'lot', 'attention', 'handful', 'extreme', 'weighting', 'second', 'MicroStrategy', 'peak', 'fourth', 'instance', 'Enthusiasm', 'bitcoin', 'appro']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,finance.yahoo.com
39254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/562f55e711ade658,People Moves Monday: Euronext  Appital  StoneX Group and more…,Euronext appointed former Credit Suisse sales trader Nathalie Ruiz as head of continental equity sales. Ruiz previously spent nearly 12 years at Credit Suisse  most recently as director  sales trader for Credit Suisse’s suite of algorithmic trading strategies…,Euronext appointed former Credit Suisse sales trader Nathalie Ruiz as head of continental equity sales. Ruiz previously spent nearly 12 years at Credit Suisse  most recently as director  sales trader for Credit Suisse’s suite of algorithmic trading strategies  Advanced Execution Services (AES). Prior to this she worked in the same role as vice president for five and a half…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   .,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['StoneX Group', 'People', 'Euronext', 'Appital', 'former Credit Suisse sales trader', 'continental equity sales', 'algorithmic trading strategies', 'Advanced Execution Services', 'same role', 'vice president', 'a half', 'Nathalie Ruiz', 'Euronext', 'head', '12 years', 'director', 'suite', 'AES', 'five', 'story', 'thetradenews']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,biztoc.com
39255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2863046/0/en/Sud-Vannier-crowdfunding.html,Sud Vannier crowdfunding,Successful crowdfunding of the Sud Vannier wind farm  which supplies Leroy Merlin with renewable energy        Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN:......,Successful crowdfunding of the Sud Vannier wind farm  which supplies Leroy Merlin with renewable energyVoltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces that it has set up a crowdfunding for its 23.6-megawatt wind farm located in the North-East of FranceThe crowdfunding campaign launched at the beginning of 2024 was a great success with a collection of €4 million.Preferential conditions were offered to residents of the departments of Haute-Marne and Haute-Saône  as well as to Voltalia employees residing in France. This three-year funding finances a local project  contributes to a citizen energy transition and allows a local economic benefit.With a capacity of 23.6 megawatts  Sud Vannier is Voltalia's first wind farm in the Grand Est region. It has produced its first kilowatt hours in February 2023 and commissioning tests were completed in September 2023.The electricity produced is sold to Leroy Merlin through a 23-year corporate PPA1. This is the first time in France that a new wind farm is backed by a Corporate PPA.Next on the agenda: First-quarter 2024 turnover  April 24  2024 (after close of trading)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group generates and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2.9 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia also offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With over 1 850 employees in more than 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index for responsible mid-cap companies. Loan Duong  Global head of Communication & Investors RelationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Relations: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191Corporate Power Purchase Agreement: a long-term contract for the supply of renewable electricity that directly binds the producer  a power plant  to the final consumer of the electricity  a company.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Sud Vannier crowdfunding', '1Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Sud Vannier wind farm', '23.6-megawatt wind farm', 'new wind farm', 'first wind farm', 'Grand Est region', 'responsible mid-cap companies', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'citizen energy transition', 'first kilowatt hours', 'Euronext regulated market', 'local economic benefit', '23-year corporate PPA1.', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy customers', 'EnterNext Tech', 'power plant', 'corporate market', 'first time', 'Euronext Paris', 'local project', 'local production', 'renewable energies', 'Leroy Merlin', 'international player', 'great success', 'Preferential conditions', 'Haute-Saône', 'three-year funding', 'First-quarter 2024 turnover', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'CAC Small', 'Gaïa-Index', 'Loan Duong', 'Global head', 'Investors Relations', 'Press Relations', 'long-term contract', 'final consumer', 'Successful crowdfunding', 'crowdfunding campaign', 'renewable electricity', 'green electricity', 'total capacity', 'Voltalia employees', '1,850 employees', 'code', 'ISIN', 'North-East', 'France', 'beginning', 'collection', 'residents', 'departments', 'Haute-Marne', '23.6 megawatts', 'February', 'commissioning', 'tests', 'September', 'agenda', 'April', 'close', 'trading', 'hydro', 'biomass', '2.9 GW', 'operation', 'construction', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'development', '16.6 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'Communication', 'Email', 'T.', 'actifin', 'producer', 'Attachment', '33']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2863073/0/en/Voltalia-SA-Availability-of-the-Universal-Registration-Document-2023.html,Voltalia SA: Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023,Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023    Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable......,Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today announces the publication of its Universal Registration Document 2023Voltalia announces that it has filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers and made available to the public its Universal Registration Document (period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023) under the number D24-0282.The Universal Registration Document includes the following information:the Annual Financial Report;the Management Report including the extra-financial performance statement;the Statutory Auditors' reports and information on their fees;the Board of Directors' report on Corporate Governance; andinformation on the share buy-back programme.The Universal Registration Document is available on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and our corporate website (www.voltalia.com). An English version of the document will also be available shortly.Next on the agenda: First-quarter 2024 turnover  April 24 2024 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.9 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 850 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Registration Document', 'Voltalia SA', 'Availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'extra-financial performance statement', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'share buy-back programme', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'Annual Financial Report', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Group', 'Management Report', ""Directors' report"", 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'Corporate Governance', 'AMF website', 'corporate website', 'English version', 'First-quarter 2024 turnover', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'investor clients', 'following information', 'green electricity', 'Availability', 'Voltalia', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'number', 'fees', 'Board', 'amf-france', 'org', 'agenda', 'April', 'operation', 'construction', '2.9 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '16.6 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,850 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'T.', 'actifin', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/03e38b195a2c79ae,CVC Confirms Amsterdam IPO Plan,Global buyout firm CVC said it plans to float on Euronext Amsterdam  raising $266 million in new money from the IPO. #cvc #euronextamsterdam,Global buyout firm CVC said it plans to float on Euronext Amsterdam  raising $266 million in new money from the IPO.#cvc#euronextamsterdamThis story appeared on wsj.com  2024-04-15.,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.87,0.04,True,English,"['Amsterdam IPO Plan', 'CVC', 'Global buyout firm', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'new money', 'wsj.com', 'CVC', 'IPO', 'euronextamsterdam', 'story']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,biztoc.com
39258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6688501239384169,Proposed Changes to BenevolentAI's Board Composition,Regulatory News:     BenevolentAI (or the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that following extensive discussions with Mr. Kenneth Mulvany  founde...,"Proposed Changes to BenevolentAI’s Board CompositionRegulatory News:BenevolentAI (or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that following extensive discussions with Mr. Kenneth Mulvany  founder and former Chairman of BenevolentAI Limited and a Non-Executive Director of BenevolentAI  several resolutions will be put forward at the Company’s upcoming Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) relating to the future membership of the board of the Company (“the Board”).Mr. Mulvany has submitted four resolutions to be added to the agenda of BenevolentAI’s AGM in relation to the appointment of Mr. Peter Allen  Mr. Jeremy Sohn  Mr. Ian Nicholson and himself as Non-Executive Directors  as is his right as a significant shareholder in the Company. These resolutions will be added to a revised AGM agenda that will be published and available on the Company’s website ( www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/ ) and at the Company’s registered office for shareholder’s consideration in due course.Dr. François Nader  Chair of the Board  Dr. Olivier Brandicourt  Dr. Susan Liautaud and Mr. Marcello Damiani  all Non-Executive Directors  will resign as directors of BenevolentAI effective as of the close of the Company’s AGM on 2 May 2024. Dr. Joerg Moeller  Chief Executive Officer  Jean Raby  Senior Independent Director  Prof. Sir Nigel Shadbolt and Dr. John Orloff  both Non-Executive Directors  will all continue in their respective positions on the Board of BenevolentAI.Subject to their appointment at the AGM  it is proposed that Mr. Allen acts as Chair and Mr. Mulvany acts as Deputy Chair of the Board. Together with the rest of the Board  they will support Chief Executive Dr. Jeorg Moeller and his team on implementing the Company’s strategy. Immediately after the AGM  the Board will integrate the new directors into all committees (Audit  Finance and Risk  Nomination and Governance  Remuneration  and Research and Development) to fill vacant roles left by the resigning directors.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.Dr. François Nader M.D.  Chair of BenevolentAI said:“The Board acknowledges that our dialogue with Mr. Mulvany  our largest shareholder  has resulted in an agreement which we believe is in the best interests of shareholders  and broader stakeholders  and the stability of our operations and creates the potential to establish a governance platform for the future progress and value creation of the business  in the best interest of patients.”“It has been a privilege to lead this excellent board and I would like to take this opportunity to extend our appreciation to Olivier  Susan and Marcello for their significant contributions to the Board since joining. The Company has benefitted significantly from their wise counsel and experience.”Biographies of the Non-Executive Directors to be proposed at the AGM:Mr. Peter AllenA chartered accountant by background  Peter has over 30 years’ experience as an Executive Director  Non-Executive Director and Chairman in a wide range of life science companies  playing a significant role in their growth. He spent nine years as Chairman of Clinigen plc from 2012 up to its 2021 US$1.8 billion sale to Triton; three years as Chairman of Proximagen Group plc from 2009 to its 2012 headline sale of US$553 million to Upsher-Smith; six years at ProStrakan Group plc as its Chairman from 2007 up to 2013 guiding it through its £292 million acquisition by Japan’s KHK; and 12 years at Celltech Group plc from 1992 to 2004 as CFO and latterly Deputy CEO.Peter is currently a Non-Executive Director at Istesso Ltd. and recently retired as Non-Executive Chairman at Abcam plc after its US$5.7 billion sale to Danaher. He is also a former Non-Executive Chairman of Oxford Nanopore  where he served for 11 years from 2011 to 2022 and AIM listed Advanced Medical Solutions plc where he brought his substantial experience in M&A  international growth  fundraising and investor relations  as well as the commercialisation of intellectual property.Mr. Kenneth MulvanyKenneth is a prominent figure in the intersection of technology and bioscience and is known for his entrepreneurial spirit and innovative contributions to drug discovery. He is the founder of BenevolentAI and was the Company’s Chairman from its 2013 foundation until July 2021 when it stood at the forefront of applying AI to scientific discovery  particularly in the biopharmaceutical domain.Under Kenneth’s leadership BenevolentAI transitioned from a small group to a market leader by achieving early commercial success. This trajectory led to the honour of being named a 2018 Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum  alongside past honourees including Google  Twitter and Palantir  acknowledging their transformative impacts in technology and society.Before establishing BenevolentAI  he was the founder and CEO of Proximagen Group plc  (“Proximagen”) a leading biotech firm specialising in the development of medicines to treat neurodegeneration. Proximagen was sold to Upsher-Smith for a headline value of US$553 million. This experience  coupled with his observation of the exponential increase in scientific information and the challenges in utilising this vast and complex data  inspired him to venture into AI with the creation of BenevolentAI in November 2013.In addition to leading innovative companies  Kenneth has proactively served on several advisory boards for  amongst others  the UK Government advisory board on AI strategies and the Oxford Sciences Innovations. He is an active contributor to the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Artificial Intelligence  showcasing his commitment to the responsible and innovative advancement of AI.Kenneth has also dedicated efforts to philanthropy and was the Chairman of the Trustees for the Cure Parkinson’s Trust.Mr. Jeremy SohnJeremy is Managing Partner of P74 Ventures  a venture fund investing in platform technologies. He is a venture investor  serial entrepreneur and pharma executive responsible for leading business model innovations that have the potential to transform the core business and operations of the pharmaceutical industry. Since 2013  he has completed 26 investments  (with three IPOs/SPACs and five unicorns) founded three companies  (with two PE exits) led partnerships with over 100 start-ups and industry-leading technology companies and developed eight transformational technology platforms.Prior to launching P74  Jeremy was VP  Global Head of Digital BD&L  Partnerships & Innovation at Novartis  where he oversaw three teams: a pharma-tech and digital health venture fund  (operating as dRx Capital); a digital BD&L partnership and transactions team; and the Novartis Biome  an internal innovation community.Prior to Novartis  he was Managing Director at MPM Capital  where he led its pharma-technology fund  founding and investing in two companies: CentrosHealth  (merged with Clinical Ink and acquired by GI Partners); and TriNetX  (acquired by Carlyle Group).From 2007-2011  Jeremy was COO and VP Strategy & Corporate Development for North Plains Systems  where he led the company's growth and sale to Accel-KKR. In 2000  he co-founded an open-source operating system company  Wasabi Systems.Mr. Ian NicholsonIan has over 40 years’ international experience in management and transactions within the life sciences sector. He has extensive Board experience in public and private companies and is currently Chairman of Bioventix plc  where he was appointed in 2004 and a Board Trustee of LifeArc  a leading UK medical research charity.He has been an Operating Partner at Advent Life Sciences LLP since 2012  working with portfolio companies including Eloxx Pharmaceuticals  Amphista and NeRRe Therapeutics.From 2013 to 2021 Ian was CEO of F2G Ltd.  an antifungal drug development company and from 2004 to 2012 he was CEO of Chroma Therapeutics Limited  a drug discovery and development company.He previously held the position of Senior Vice President  Business Development at Celltech Group plc  then the UK’s largest biotechnology company and has extensive experience in licensing  M&A and market development in the UK  Europe and the US.Ian served on the Board of Clinigen from 2012 up to its 2021 US$1.8 billion sale to Triton and was also a Non-Exectutive Director of Consort Medical plc from 2012 up to its 2020 sale to Recipharm AB for £505 million.PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 17(1) OF THE REGULATION (EU) NO 596/2014 ON MARKET ABUSE (MARKET ABUSE REGULATION)About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent Platform TM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery.The Company’s business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools.Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.Forward-looking StatementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""plans""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""will""  ""may""  ""should"" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding objectives  goals  strategies  outlook and growth prospects; future plans  events or performance and potential for future growth; economic outlook and industry trends; developments in BenevolentAI’s markets; the impact of regulatory initiatives; and/or the strength of BenevolentAI’s competitors. These forward-looking statements reflect  at the time made  BenevolentAI’s beliefs  intentions and current targets/aims. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions based on  without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in BenevolentAI’s records  and third-party data. Although BenevolentAI believes these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond BenevolentAI’s control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause the actual outcomes and the results of operations  financial condition and liquidity of BenevolentAI or the industry to differ materially from those results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward- looking statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414365731/en/Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood – VP Investor Relationsfleur.wood@benevolent.ai / investors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360FTI Consulting:Simon Conway/Ed BridgesBenevolentAI@fticonsulting.comT: +44 203 727 1000",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.29,0.2,True,English,"['Board Composition', 'Changes', 'BenevolentAI', 'Dr. François Nader M.D.', 'Chief Executive Dr. Jeorg Moeller', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'Prof. Sir Nigel Shadbolt', 'Advanced Medical Solutions plc', 'Dr. Joerg Moeller', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. John Orloff', 'life science companies', 'early commercial success', 'World Economic Forum', 'Dr. Olivier Brandicourt', 'Dr. Susan Liautaud', '2021 US$1.8 billion sale', 'US$5.7 billion sale', 'Proximagen Group plc', 'ProStrakan Group plc', 'Celltech Group plc', 'Mr. Jeremy Sohn', 'Mr. Ian Nicholson', 'Senior Independent Director', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'Mr. Marcello Damiani', 'Mr. Peter Allen', 'Mr. Kenneth Mulvany', 'former Non-Executive Chairman', 'M&A', 'Executive Director', 'Mr. Allen', 'Mr. Mulvany', 'Clinigen plc', 'Abcam plc', 'small group', '2012 headline sale', 'advanced AI', 'scientific discovery', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'extensive discussions', 'former Chairman', 'future membership', 'registered office', 'due course', 'Jean Raby', 'respective positions', 'vacant roles', 'record date', 'best interests', 'broader stakeholders', 'future progress', 'value creation', 'significant contributions', 'wise counsel', 'wide range', 'significant role', '£292 million acquisition', 'Istesso Ltd.', 'Oxford Nanopore', 'investor relations', 'intellectual property', 'prominent figure', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'innovative contributions', 'biopharmaceutical domain', 'past honourees', 'transformative impacts', 'new directors', 'resigning directors', 'several resolutions', 'four resolutions', 'significant shareholder', 'largest shareholder', 'nine years', 'three years', 'six years', 'substantial experience', 'governance platform', 'Deputy CEO', 'international growth', 'market leader', '30 years’ experience', 'Deputy Chair', 'Board Composition', 'excellent board', 'The Company', 'BenevolentAI Limited', 'AGM agenda', '12 years', '11 years', '2024 AGM', 'Changes', 'BAI', 'founder', 'appointment', 'right', 'revised', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'consideration', 'close', '2 May', 'team', 'strategy', 'committees', 'Audit', 'Finance', 'Risk', 'Nomination', 'Remuneration', 'Research', 'Development', 'shareholders', '18 April', 'midnight', 'CEST', 'dialogue', 'agreement', 'stability', 'operations', 'potential', 'business', 'patients', 'privilege', 'opportunity', 'appreciation', 'Biographies', 'accountant', 'background', 'Triton', 'Upsher-Smith', 'Japan', 'KHK', 'CFO', 'Danaher', 'AIM', 'fundraising', 'commercialisation', 'intersection', 'technology', 'bioscience', '2013 foundation', 'July', 'forefront', 'leadership', 'trajectory', 'Google', 'Twitter', 'Palantir', 'society', '24:00']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investorsobserver.com
39259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7062273085498369,Innate Pharma to Hold Its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 23  2024,Regulatory News:     Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (&#x201C;   Innate   &#x201D; or the &#x201C;   Company   &#x201D;) will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (&#x201C;   AGM   &#x201D;) at 10:30 a.m. CEST on May 23 ...,"Innate Pharma to Hold Its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 23  2024Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”) will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (“ AGM ”) at 10:30 a.m. CEST on May 23  2024 in its headquarters  117 avenue de Luminy  F-13009 Marseille.The Notice of Meeting of this AGM was published on April 15  2024 in the French legal bulletin. It includes the agenda  the proposed resolutions as well as instructions to participate and vote in this AGM.Preparatory documentation for the Meeting will be made available to shareholders in accordance with current regulations  and will also be available in the Investors section of the Company's website.****The Annual General Meeting will also be broadcasted live and available at the following link: https://app.livestorm.co/p/6ae4e3e6-227c-465b-a057-88d52b2209a1A guided tour of the Company's laboratories is organized on the same day at 9:30 a.m. CEST for shareholders. Shareholders can register for the tour at this link: https://form.jotform.com/241012904780045****Precision regarding the AGM:Only shareholders having registered their shares at least two business days prior to the date of the AGM  by zero hour Paris time  will be able to participate.Shareholders holding “ au porteur ” (bearer) shares will need to obtain an “ attestation de participation ” (certificate of shareholding) from their brokers. This “ attestation de participation ” must be attached to the voting or proxy form.Written questions from shareholders must be received the second business days prior to the AGM at the latest (by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr ).Shareholders can also obtain the legal documentation in preparation of the AGM (as described in article R. 225-83 of the French Code de Commerce) by sending a request by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr .About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414041043/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innate Pharma', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'small cell lung cancer', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Code de Commerce', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'ANKET ® proprietary platform', 'U.S. Securities', 'French legal bulletin', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'View source version', 'innate immune system', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'financial condition', 'Annual Report', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'attestation de', 'legal documentation', 'cancer patients', 'Regulatory News', 'Preparatory documentation', 'current regulations', 'same day', 'zero hour', 'Paris time', 'second business', 'article R.', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'Euronext Paris', 'proxy form', 'advanced form', 'actual results', 'following link', 'guided tour', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'Investors section', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', '9:30 a', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'headquarters', '117 avenue', 'Luminy', 'Marseille', 'Notice', 'April', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'instructions', 'accordance', 'livestorm', 'ae4e3e6', 'laboratories', 'jotform', 'Precision', 'porteur', 'bearer', 'participation', 'certificate', 'shareholding', 'brokers', 'voting', 'Written', 'questions', 'mail', 'innate-pharma', 'preparation', 'request', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'December', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', '10:30']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investorsobserver.com
39260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2862513/0/en/First-Quadient-Connects-Virtual-Conference-Will-Help-Organizations-Be-More-Innovative-and-Accelerate-their-Digital-Transformation.html,First ‘Quadient Connects’ Virtual Conference Will Help Organizations Be More Innovative and Accelerate their Digital Transformation,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  is hosting the first-of-its-kind Quadient Connects virtual conference on May 15  2024  bringing together business lead…,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  is hosting the first-of-its-kind Quadient Connects virtual conference on May 15  2024  bringing together business leaders and other decision makers from organizations of all sizes including those from its community of over 400 000 customers.The global virtual conference  whose inaugural theme is “Be More ” will feature renowned author and tech evangelist Guy Kawasaki and internationally recognized AI and business automation expert Craig Le Clair of Forrester. During the conference  attendees will have access to more than 40 breakout sessions offering industry tips and tricks and networking opportunities to help them accelerate their digital transformation projects.Bringing together technology experts versed in all three of its solution areas—cloud-based business communication software  smart parcel lockers and intelligent mail-related solutions—Quadient will offer attendees insights on strategies and tactics for aligning digital and physical channels of communication  including managing customer communications and financial automation processes  automating mail and shipping  and providing secure and intelligent parcel management.Petra Wolf  chief marketing officer at Quadient  said: “Artificial Intelligence is driving digital transformation like never before  and companies that embrace digital innovation grow 75% faster than their competitors. Overcoming challenges such as data availability and quality  regulatory compliance  process mapping and optimization are unavoidable steps to a successful adoption of AI. With Quadient Connects  we’re offering a one-stop shop for catching up on the latest technology and learning from experts and peers about successful industry strategies and tactics to supercharge digital transformation. Not only will there be thought-provoking presentations that will reshape perspectives on the future of business communication and technology  but Quadient Connects also offers business owners and decision makers an opportunity to come together with a community of innovators ready to shape the future across a wide range of industries.”Quadient Connects offers tailored agendas for attendees in North American  Asia Pacific and European time zones. Highlights of the event include the following:Kawasaki  author of 15 books and the creator of Guy Kawasaki’s Remarkable People podcast  will present  “The Art of Remarkable Transition”.Le Clair will offer a comprehensive presentation designed as a guide to the complexities and challenges of digital transformation.Kaspar Roos  CEO of Aspire Customer Communications Services  will discuss how to accelerate the move from customer communications management (CCM) to customer experience management (CXM).Additionally  a host of experts from Quadient will offer strategy and tips for digital invoicing  optimizing mailing and shipping operations  intelligent digital forms  automating accounts receivable and accounts payable  smart parcel lockers  and more.Registration for the free event is open at https://quadient.tkeventsregistration.com/connects2024/5010928.About QuadientQuadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas: Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions  and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager VP of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.26,0.73,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['First ‘Quadient Connects’ Virtual Conference', 'Digital Transformation', 'Organizations', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager', 'three key solution areas', 'Aspire Customer Communications Services', 'cloud-based business communication software', 'global virtual conference', 'Quadient Connects virtual conference', 'meaningful customer connections', 'smart parcel lockers', 'intelligent parcel management', 'chief marketing officer', 'European time zones', 'customer experience management', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'customer communications management', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'intelligent mail-related solutions', 'other decision makers', 'Craig Le Clair', 'intelligent digital forms', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Remarkable People podcast', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'digital transformation projects', 'successful industry strategies', 'tech evangelist', 'successful adoption', 'Remarkable Transition', 'automation expert', 'automation processes', 'business leaders', 'business owners', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'inaugural theme', '40 breakout sessions', 'industry tips', 'networking opportunities', 'Petra Wolf', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'digital innovation', 'data availability', 'regulatory compliance', 'process mapping', 'unavoidable steps', 'one-stop shop', 'provoking presentations', 'wide range', 'tailored agendas', 'North American', 'Asia Pacific', 'The Art', 'comprehensive presentation', 'Kaspar Roos', 'digital invoicing', 'accounts receivable', 'accounts payable', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Guy Kawasaki', 'latest technology', 'renowned author', 'shipping operations', 'free event', 'technology experts', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'kind', 'May', 'organizations', 'sizes', 'community', '400,000 customers', 'Forrester', 'attendees', 'access', 'tricks', 'insights', 'tactics', 'financial', 'secure', 'companies', 'competitors', 'challenges', 'quality', 'optimization', 'peers', 'thought', 'perspectives', 'future', 'opportunity', 'innovators', 'industries', 'Highlights', '15 books', 'creator', 'guide', 'complexities', 'CEO', 'move', 'CCM', 'CXM', 'host', 'strategy', 'mailing', 'Registration', 'world', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'Small', 'information', 'VP', 'Media', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Publication-Annual-Report-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-46437072/,Publication Annual Report – Annual Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Publication Annual Report – Annual Shareholders' Meeting Leuven  BELGIUM – April 15  2024 – 05:00 PM CET Oxurion NV   a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  has today published its annual report for the financial year 2023. …,Publication Annual Report – Annual Shareholders' MeetingLeuven  BELGIUM – April 15  2024 – 05:00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  has today published its annual report for the financial year 2023. The annual report for the year ending December 31  2023 is available in the “Investors” section of the Company’s website  and can also be downloaded as a PDF.On this day as well  the Company has convened its Annual Shareholders' Meeting. The relevant documents pertaining to this Meeting have been published in the section “Shareholder Meetings” here.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Please contact for additional information:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive Officerpascal.ghoson@oxurion.comBackstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.beAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Publication Annual Report', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Pascal Ghoson Chief Executive Officer pascal', 'Jurgen Vluijmans Partner jurgen', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Publication Annual Report', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'CET Oxurion NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'relevant documents', 'Shareholder Meetings', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'More information', 'additional information', 'Backstage Communication', 'financial year', 'Investors” section', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'April', 'December', 'website', 'PDF', 'day', 'treatment', 'backstagecom', 'Attachments', '05:00']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Sud-Vannier-crowdfunding-46437599/,Sud Vannier crowdfunding,(marketscreener.com) Successful crowdfunding of the Sud Vannier wind farm  which supplies Leroy Merlin with renewable energy Voltalia   an international player in renewable energies  announces that it has set up a crowdfunding for its 23.6-megawatt wind farm …,Successful crowdfunding of the Sud Vannier wind farm  which supplies Leroy Merlin with renewable energyVoltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces that it has set up a crowdfunding for its 23.6-megawatt wind farm located in the North-East of FranceThe crowdfunding campaign launched at the beginning of 2024 was a great success with a collection of €4 million.Preferential conditions were offered to residents of the departments of Haute-Marne and Haute-Saône  as well as to Voltalia employees residing in France. This three-year funding finances a local project  contributes to a citizen energy transition and allows a local economic benefit.With a capacity of 23.6 megawatts  Sud Vannier is Voltalia's first wind farm in the Grand Est region. It has produced its first kilowatt hours in February 2023 and commissioning tests were completed in September 2023.The electricity produced is sold to Leroy Merlin through a 23-year corporate PPA1. This is the first time in France that a new wind farm is backed by a Corporate PPA.Next on the agenda: First-quarter 2024 turnover  April 24  2024 (after close of trading)About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group generates and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2.9 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia also offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With over 1 850 employees in more than 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index for responsible mid-cap companies. Loan Duong  Global head of Communication & Investors RelationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Relations: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191Corporate Power Purchase Agreement: a long-term contract for the supply of renewable electricity that directly binds the producer  a power plant  to the final consumer of the electricity  a company.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Sud Vannier crowdfunding', '1Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Sud Vannier wind farm', '23.6-megawatt wind farm', 'new wind farm', 'first wind farm', 'Grand Est region', 'responsible mid-cap companies', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'citizen energy transition', 'first kilowatt hours', 'Euronext regulated market', 'local economic benefit', '23-year corporate PPA1.', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy customers', 'EnterNext Tech', 'power plant', 'corporate market', 'first time', 'Euronext Paris', 'local project', 'local production', 'renewable energies', 'Leroy Merlin', 'international player', 'great success', 'Preferential conditions', 'Haute-Saône', 'three-year funding', 'First-quarter 2024 turnover', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'CAC Small', 'Gaïa-Index', 'Loan Duong', 'Global head', 'Investors Relations', 'Press Relations', 'long-term contract', 'final consumer', 'Successful crowdfunding', 'crowdfunding campaign', 'renewable electricity', 'green electricity', 'total capacity', 'Voltalia employees', '1,850 employees', 'code', 'ISIN', 'North-East', 'France', 'beginning', 'collection', 'residents', 'departments', 'Haute-Marne', '23.6 megawatts', 'February', 'commissioning', 'tests', 'September', 'agenda', 'April', 'close', 'trading', 'hydro', 'biomass', '2.9 GW', 'operation', 'construction', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'development', '16.6 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'Communication', 'Email', 'T.', 'actifin', 'producer', 'Attachment', '33']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46432129/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 15-Apr-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST15 April 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 12th of April 2024 it purch…,"15 April 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 12th of April 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6440 £1.4000 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6260 £1.3920 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6357 £1.3962The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 648 643 920 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 1 727 1.6440 XDUB 09:35:29 00028793001TRDU1 2 099 1.6440 XDUB 09:35:29 00028793002TRDU1 1 988 1.6440 XDUB 09:35:29 00028793003TRDU1 2 330 1.6400 XDUB 09:42:56 00028793024TRDU1 2 400 1.6400 XDUB 09:42:56 00028793025TRDU1 1 524 1.6400 XDUB 09:42:56 00028793026TRDU1 2 737 1.6400 XDUB 10:25:55 00028793273TRDU1 2 649 1.6400 XDUB 11:32:40 00028793570TRDU1 158 1.6400 XDUB 11:32:40 00028793571TRDU1 1 504 1.6400 XDUB 11:32:40 00028793572TRDU1 1 165 1.6400 XDUB 11:32:40 00028793573TRDU1 2 793 1.6380 XDUB 11:52:51 00028793800TRDU1 200 1.6380 XDUB 13:16:13 00028794138TRDU1 2 780 1.6400 XDUB 13:24:07 00028794182TRDU1 2 604 1.6380 XDUB 13:33:37 00028794214TRDU1 3 156 1.6380 XDUB 13:33:37 00028794215TRDU1 29 1.6380 XDUB 13:33:37 00028794216TRDU1 825 1.6260 XDUB 13:56:58 00028794869TRDU1 2 006 1.6260 XDUB 13:56:58 00028794870TRDU1 8 1.6360 XDUB 14:44:57 00028795588TRDU1 3 161 1.6360 XDUB 14:50:52 00028795647TRDU1 2 771 1.6360 XDUB 14:50:52 00028795648TRDU1 3 032 1.6360 XDUB 14:50:52 00028795649TRDU1 2 832 1.6280 XDUB 15:01:16 00028795777TRDU1 2 774 1.6260 XDUB 15:35:49 00028795991TRDU1 2 809 1.6260 XDUB 15:35:49 00028795992TRDU1 235 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:33 00028796299TRDU1 1 675 1.6280 XDUB 16:16:32 00028796357TRDU1 1 035 1.6280 XDUB 16:16:32 00028796358TRDU1 70 1.6320 XDUB 16:21:45 00028796408TRDU1 4 924 1.6320 XDUB 16:21:45 00028796409TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '648,643,920 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'April', '12th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028793001TRDU1', '00028793002TRDU1', '00028793003TRDU1', '00028793024TRDU1', '00028793025TRDU1', '00028793273TRDU1', '00028793570TRDU1', '00028793571TRDU1', '00028793572TRDU1', '00028793573TRDU1', '00028793800TRDU1', '00028794138TRDU1', '00028794182TRDU1', '00028794214TRDU1', '00028794215TRDU1', '00028794216TRDU1', '00028794869TRDU1', '00028794870TRDU1', '00028795588TRDU1', '00028795647TRDU1', '00028795648TRDU1', '00028795649TRDU1', '00028795777TRDU1', '00028795991TRDU1', '00028795992TRDU1', '00028796299TRDU1', '00028796357TRDU1', '00028796358TRDU1', '00028796408TRDU1', '00028796409TRDU1']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REWAY-GROUP-S-P-A-151803548/news/Reway-S-p-A-Equity-Research-Integrae-SIM-15-aprile-2024-46437134/,Reway S p A : Equity Research Integrae SIM 15 aprile 2024,(marketscreener.com)    U P D A T EE Q U I T Y R E S E A R C H   Reway Group   Euronext Growth Milan | Infrastructure Mainteinance |   Italy   Production 12/04/2024  h. 18:30   Published 15/04/2024  h. 07:00 ...https://www.marketscreener.co…,"FY23A ResultsTABLE 2 - ACTUAL VS ESTIMATES FY23A€/mln Revenues EBITDA EBITDA % EBIT Net Income NFP FY23A 132 29 26 44 20 5% 22 20 14 59 34 61 FY23E 137 75 26 20 19 1% 21 20 14 15 73 34 Change -4 0% 0 9% 1 4% 4 7% 3 1% n/aSource: Integrae SIMIn the press release dated March 28  2024  Paolo Luccini  President and CEO of Reway Group  commented: ""We are closing 2023 with success  and record economic and financial performance  with double-digitgrowth for the main economic indicators  from the value of production through to margins and the order backlog. In 2023  the year of our listing on the Euronext Growth Milan market  we further strengthened our leadership in the field of the rehabilitation of road and motorway infrastructures  with the awarding of important contracts. Then  in the last quarter of the year  we entered the railway maintenance sector through the acquisition of Gema  allowing us to become the only operator in Italy to have both roadway and railway maintenance in its core business  and therefore to acquire a distinctive positioning that expands business opportunities  as confirmed by the various orders awarded in recent months"".Reway Group  in its consolidated financial statements as of December 31  2023  fully included the equity data of the newly acquired Gema SpA  a leading Italian operator in the railway rehabilitation and maintenance sector  while the financial data was consolidated from the end of November 2023  that is  from the date on which the acquisition of 70.0% of the company's share capital was concluded.The consolidated value of production came in at € 132.29 million  up from € 110.54 million in FY22A (+19.7%)  with a backlog of orders equal to approximately € 818.00 million  which will be fulfilled within the next five financial years. The financial results mark a positive growth compared to 2022  in line with our previous report's estimate  with consolidated EBITDA equal to € 26.44 million (vs. € 19.59 million in FY22A  and € 26.20 million estimated)  while Net Income amounted to € 14.59 million  compared to € 9.97 million in the previous year and the estimated figure of € 14.15 million.The Company voluntarily issued pro-forma equity and financial statements for 2023 and 2022  with the aim of fully consolidating the results of Gema SpA  and retroactively reflecting the exercising of the Call option on the remaining portion of 30.0 % of its share capital  together with the related financing of € 27.00 million.The operation was divided into two phases  the first being the acquisition of 70.0% of the target's share capital  concluded on November 21  2023 for an amount of € 63.00 million  financed in part (approximately € 16.00 million) with own resources collected through the Euronext Growth Milan listing  and  for the remaining part (€ 47.00 million)  with a bank",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.49,0.48,0.02,True,English,"['Equity Research Integrae SIM', 'Reway S', 'aprile', 'EBIT Net Income NFP FY23A', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'next five financial years', 'Euronext Growth Milan listing', 'main economic indicators', 'leading Italian operator', 'consolidated financial statements', 'railway maintenance sector', 'positive growth', 'ESTIMATES FY23A', 'FY23A Results', 'record economic', 'financial performance', 'financial data', 'consolidated EBITDA', 'financial results', 'ACTUAL VS', 'Integrae SIM', 'press release', 'Paolo Luccini', 'Reway Group', 'motorway infrastructures', 'important contracts', 'last quarter', 'core business', 'distinctive positioning', 'business opportunities', 'recent months', 'equity data', 'share capital', 'previous report', 'pro-forma equity', 'Call option', 'remaining portion', 'related financing', 'two phases', 'railway rehabilitation', 'consolidated value', 'Gema SpA', 'order backlog', 'various orders', 'The Company', 'remaining part', 'previous year', 'TABLE', 'FY23E', 'Change', 'Source', 'President', 'CEO', 'success', 'double-digitgrowth', 'production', 'margins', 'leadership', 'field', 'road', 'awarding', 'acquisition', 'Italy', 'December', 'end', 'November', 'FY22A', 'line', 'figure', 'aim', 'exercising', 'operation', 'target', 'amount', 'bank', '2023']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-launches-a-new-18-000-sq-m-Aut0nom-labelled-project-in-Chartres-46431969/,ARGAN launches a new 18 000 sq.m Aut0nom® labelled project in Chartres,(marketscreener.com) Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Monday  April 15  2024 – 7.30 am ARGAN launches a new 18 000 sq.m Aut0nom® labelled project in Chartres Credit: A26 Architectures The success of Aut0nom® cannot be denied with a new project launched by A…,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Monday  April 15  2024 – 7.30 amARGAN launches a new 18 000 sq.m Aut0nom® labelled project in ChartresCredit: A26 ArchitecturesThe success of Aut0nom® cannot be denied with a new project launched by ARGAN in Chartres. Work on this new 18 000 sq.m platform has started in the Jardin d’Entreprises economic activity zone. Connected by the A11 motorway  the Chartres ring road and tomorrow by the future A154 motorway  this area is the economic heart of the Chartres Metropolitan area.This new state-of-the-art logistics site will be operated under a fixed-term ten-year lease in future state of completion.The future site will be made up of three cells: two with controlled temperatures (15°C/25°C) and one refrigerated (2°C/8°C). It will bring together all the future operator's logistics activities on a single platform and thus drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions by consolidating transport flows and eliminating shuttles between different sites.This Premium site will be labelled Aut0nom®. Equipped with a photovoltaic plant on the roof coupled with energy storage batteries  it will produce its own green energy for its own consumption. Heating and cooling of the site will be provided by electric heat pumps and lighting by intelligent LEDs with presence and brightness detectors. All this equipment will make it possible to drastically reduce the site's CO 2 emissions during the operational phase. The residual will be compensated through an ambitious reforestation plan carried out in France.Delivery of the site is expected at the beginning of 2025.2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach – which consists in tailor-made and innovative support throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management – ARGAN has grown strongly since it first started in 2000. The company recorded 184 million Euros in yearly rental income in 2023. Moreover  as of December 31  2023  our portfolio consists in spaces of 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses all located in France  which are worth 3.7 billion Euros.ARGAN’s development model takes into account all its stakeholders and aims at pursuing a growth path that is profitable  with a debt kept under control  while ensuring to fully minimise its environmental and societal impact.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Aut0nom® labelled project', 'new 18,000 sq', 'ARGAN', 'Chartres', 'Entreprises economic activity zone', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'new 18,000 sq.m platform', 'fixed-term ten-year lease', 'electric heat pumps', 'ambitious reforestation plan', 'unique customer-centric approach', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'energy storage batteries', 'Chartres ring road', 'yearly rental income', 'future A154 motorway', 'Aut0nom® labelled project', 'Chartres Metropolitan area', 'French SIIC', 'economic heart', 'single platform', 'new project', '3.6 million sq', 'A11 motorway', 'new state', 'green energy', 'CO 2 emissions', 'project phases', 'future state', 'future operator', 'Press release', 'A26 Architectures', 'three cells', 'controlled temperatures', 'logistics activities', 'transport flows', 'different sites', 'photovoltaic plant', 'intelligent LEDs', 'brightness detectors', 'operational phase', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Net sales', 'Half-year results', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'innovative support', 'rental management', '184 million Euros', 'hundred warehouses', '3.7 billion Euros', 'growth path', 'societal impact', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'future site', 'development milestones', 'development model', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'logistics site', 'Premium site', 'Monday', 'April', 'ARGAN', 'Credit', 'success', 'Work', 'Jardin', 'completion', 'shuttles', 'roof', 'consumption', 'Heating', 'cooling', 'lighting', 'presence', 'equipment', 'residual', 'Delivery', 'beginning', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'market', 'tailor', 'made', 'December', 'portfolio', 'spaces', 'account', 'stakeholders', 'debt', 'environmental', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '7.30']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Voltalia-SA-Availability-of-the-Universal-Registration-Document-2023-46438081/,Voltalia SA: Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023,(marketscreener.com) Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023 Voltalia   an international player in renewable energy  today announces the publication of its Universal Registration Document 2023 Voltalia announces that it has filed with the Aut…,Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today announces the publication of its Universal Registration Document 2023Voltalia announces that it has filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers and made available to the public its Universal Registration Document (period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023) under the number D24-0282.The Universal Registration Document includes the following information:the Annual Financial Report;the Management Report including the extra-financial performance statement;the Statutory Auditors' reports and information on their fees;the Board of Directors' report on Corporate Governance; andinformation on the share buy-back programme.The Universal Registration Document is available on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and our corporate website (www.voltalia.com). An English version of the document will also be available shortly.Next on the agenda: First-quarter 2024 turnover  April 24 2024 (after market close)About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.9 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 850 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Registration Document', 'Voltalia SA', 'Availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'extra-financial performance statement', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'share buy-back programme', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'Annual Financial Report', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Group', 'Management Report', ""Directors' report"", 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'Corporate Governance', 'AMF website', 'corporate website', 'English version', 'First-quarter 2024 turnover', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'investor clients', 'following information', 'green electricity', 'Availability', 'Voltalia', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'number', 'fees', 'Board', 'amf-france', 'org', 'agenda', 'April', 'operation', 'construction', '2.9 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '16.6 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,850 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'T.', 'actifin', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2863164/0/en/GENFIT-Annual-Combined-General-Meeting-of-May-22-2024-Availability-of-Preparatory-Documents.html,GENFIT Annual Combined General Meeting of May 22  2024 — Availability of Preparatory Documents,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 15  2024 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver disea…,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 15  2024 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced that it published in the April 15  2024 French legal announcements bulletin n°46 (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) its convening notice that the Combined Shareholders Meeting will be held on May 22  2024  at 10:00am (CET)  at the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Lille  located at Parc Eurasanté  3 rue du Professeur Laguesse  59000 Lille  France.All documentation regarding this Shareholders’ Meeting will be available to shareholders in accordance with existing regulations  and will be available on the Company’s website  in the Financials section under the Shareholders Meeting tab (https://ir.genfit.com/financial-information/shareholders-meeting).For this 2024 Combined General Meeting  the Company will allow shareholders to send their voting instructions via Internet through the VOTACCESS platform. A tutorial to familiarize shareholders with this online voting platform will be made available in the same section of the website as soon as the platform is opened.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has a growing and diversified pipeline with programs at various development stages. The Company’s area of focus is Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise consists of five assets in development: VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE. These are all based on differentiated mechanisms of action leveraging complementary pathways. Other assets target other life-threatening disease indications such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) and Urea Cycle Disorders (UCD)/Organic Acidemias (OA). GENFIT’s track record in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages is highlighted in the successful 52-week Phase 3 ELATIVE® trial evaluating elafibranor in PBC. Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH) previously known as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and ammonia. GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. For more information  visit www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe”  “potential ” “expect”  “target”  “may”  “will”  “if” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  potential commercial success of elafibranor if approved  exchange rate fluctuations  our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2023 Universal Registration Document (n° D.24-0246) filed with the AMF on April 5  2024  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 5  2024. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['GENFIT Annual Combined General Meeting', 'Preparatory Documents', 'May', 'Availability', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'successful 52-week Phase 3 ELATIVE® trial', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', '2024 French legal announcements bulletin', 'high unmet medical needs', 'other life-threatening disease indications', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'U.S. Securities', 'life-threatening liver diseases', 'strong scientific heritage', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'Urea Cycle Disorders', '2023 Universal Registration Document', '2024 Combined General Meeting', 'liver disease research', 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'potential commercial success', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Combined Shareholders Meeting', 'Shareholders Meeting tab', 'online voting platform', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'various development stages', 'high potential', 'Other assets', 'other things', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'voting instructions', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'nonalcoholic steatohepatitis', 'Exchange Commission', 'forward-looking statements', 'United States', 'convening notice', 'Pharmaceutical Sciences', 'Parc Eurasanté', 'Professeur Laguesse', 'existing regulations', 'Financials section', 'VOTACCESS platform', 'same section', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'five assets', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'complementary pathways', 'track record', 'early-stage assets', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'numerous known', 'clinical trials', 'regulatory authorities', 'diagnostic candidates', 'public filings', 'amf-france.org', '2023 Annual Report', 'financial condition', 'future periods', 'largest shareholders', 'diversified pipeline', 'ACLF franchise', 'share capital', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'drug candidates', 'Main Risks', 'late development', 'actual results', 'Lille', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'rare', 'May', '10:00am', 'CET', 'Faculty', '3 rue', 'documentation', 'accordance', 'website', 'financial-information', 'shareholders-meeting', 'Internet', 'tutorial', 'pioneer', 'growing', 'programs', 'area', 'focus', 'VS-01', 'NTZ', 'SRT', 'CLM', 'action', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OA', 'elafibranor', 'PBC.', 'therapeutics', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'ammonia', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'target', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'relation', 'safety', 'cost', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'Europe', 'continued', 'ability', 'Chapter', 'reports', 'addition', 'performance', 'liquidity', 'industry', 'developments', '°']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-to-Hold-Its-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-May-23-2024-46431880/,Innate Pharma to Hold Its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 23  2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders at 10:30 a.m. CEST on May 23  2024 in its headquarters  117 avenue de Luminy  F-13009 Marseille.The Notice of Meeting of this AGM was published o…,"Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (“AGM”) at 10:30 a.m. CEST on May 23  2024 in its headquarters  117 avenue de Luminy  F-13009 Marseille.The Notice of Meeting of this AGM was published on April 15  2024 in the French legal bulletin. It includes the agenda  the proposed resolutions as well as instructions to participate and vote in this AGM.Preparatory documentation for the Meeting will be made available to shareholders in accordance with current regulations  and will also be available in the Investors section of the Company's website.****The Annual General Meeting will also be broadcasted live and available at the following link: https://app.livestorm.co/p/6ae4e3e6-227c-465b-a057-88d52b2209a1A guided tour of the Company's laboratories is organized on the same day at 9:30 a.m. CEST for shareholders. Shareholders can register for the tour at this link: https://form.jotform.com/241012904780045****Precision regarding the AGM:Only shareholders having registered their shares at least two business days prior to the date of the AGM  by zero hour Paris time  will be able to participate.Shareholders holding “au porteur” (bearer) shares will need to obtain an “attestation de participation” (certificate of shareholding) from their brokers. This “attestation de participation” must be attached to the voting or proxy form.Written questions from shareholders must be received the second business days prior to the AGM at the latest (by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr).Shareholders can also obtain the legal documentation in preparation of the AGM (as described in article R. 225-83 of the French Code de Commerce) by sending a request by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414041043/en/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innate Pharma', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'small cell lung cancer', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Code de Commerce', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'ANKET® proprietary platform', 'U.S. Securities', 'attestation de participation', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'French legal bulletin', 'multiple tumor types', 'Universal Registration Document', 'innate immune system', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'financial condition', 'Annual Report', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'legal documentation', 'cancer patients', 'Regulatory News', 'Preparatory documentation', 'current regulations', 'same day', 'zero hour', 'Paris time', 'au porteur', 'Written questions', 'second business', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'bearer) shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'proxy form', 'advanced form', 'actual results', 'following link', 'guided tour', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'Investors section', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'May', 'headquarters', '117 avenue', 'Luminy', 'Marseille', 'Notice', 'April', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'instructions', 'accordance', 'livestorm', 'ae4e3e6', 'laboratories', 'jotform', 'Precision', 'certificate', 'shareholding', 'brokers', 'voting', 'mail', 'innate-pharma', 'preparation', 'article', 'request', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', '10:30', '9:30']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/innate-pharma-to-hold-its-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-on-may-23-2024-93CH-3377493,Innate Pharma to Hold Its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 23  2024 By Investing.com,Innate Pharma to Hold Its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 23  2024,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (OTC: ) (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (Innate or the Company) will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) at 10:30 a.m. CEST on May 23  2024 in its headquarters  117 avenue de Luminy  F-13009 Marseille.The Notice of Meeting of this AGM was published on April 15  2024 in the French legal bulletin. It includes the agenda  the proposed resolutions as well as instructions to participate and vote in this AGM.Preparatory documentation for the Meeting will be made available to shareholders in accordance with current regulations  and will also be available in the Investors section of the Company's website.The Annual General Meeting will also be broadcasted live and available at the following link: https://app.livestorm.co/p/6ae4e3e6-227c-465b-a057-88d52b2209a1A guided tour of the Company's laboratories is organized on the same day at 9:30 a.m. CEST for shareholders. Shareholders can register for the tour at this link: https://form.jotform.com/241012904780045Precision regarding the AGM:Only shareholders having registered their shares at least two business days prior to the date of the AGM  by zero hour Paris time  will be able to participate.Shareholders holding au porteur (bearer) shares will need to obtain an attestation de participation (certificate of shareholding) from their brokers. This attestation de participation must be attached to the voting or proxy form.Written questions from shareholders must be received the second business days prior to the AGM at the latest (by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr).Shareholders can also obtain the legal documentation in preparation of the AGM (as described in article R. 225-83 of the French Code de Commerce) by sending a request by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® proprietary platform.Innate's portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including believe  potential  expect and will and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414041043/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euSource: Innate Pharma SA",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.0,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innate Pharma', 'Investing.com', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'small cell lung cancer', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Facteurs de Risque"") section', 'French Code de Commerce', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'ANKET ® proprietary platform', 'U.S. Securities', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'French legal bulletin', 'multiple tumor types', 'Universal Registration Document', 'innate immune system', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'attestation de', 'financial condition', 'Annual Report', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'legal documentation', 'cancer patients', 'Investors section', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Preparatory documentation', 'current regulations', 'same day', 'zero hour', 'Paris time', 'Written questions', 'second business', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'amf-france.org', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'bearer) shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'proxy form', 'advanced form', 'actual results', 'Regulatory News', 'following link', 'guided tour', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', '9:30 a', 'MARSEILLE', 'OTC', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'May', 'headquarters', '117 avenue', 'Luminy', 'Notice', 'April', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'instructions', 'accordance', 'livestorm', 'ae4e3e6', 'laboratories', 'jotform', 'Precision', 'porteur', 'participation', 'certificate', 'shareholding', 'brokers', 'voting', 'mail', 'innate-pharma', 'preparation', 'article', 'request', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'potential', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', '10:30']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investing.com
39270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TATATU-S-P-A-145450978/news/Correction-of-a-release-from-12-03-2024-18-00-CET-CEST-TaTaTu-S-p-A-FINANCIAL-CALENDAR-2024-46437473/,Correction of a release from 12.03.2024 18:00 CET/CEST - TaTaTu S.p.A.: FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2024,(marketscreener.com) TaTaTu S.p.A.Correction of a release from 12.03.2024 18:00 CET/CEST - TaTaTu S.p.A.: FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2024 15-Apr-2024 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solel…,PRESS RELEASENOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  OR JAPANTATATU S.P.A.: CHANGE OF THE DATE OF THE APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023Rome  April 15th 2024 - Tatatu S.p.A. (the “Company”) that owns TaTaTu  an entertainment platform based on data sharing economy and circular economy  listed through Direct Listing of shares on Euronext Growth Paris (ticker code: ALTTU)  hereby announces that the Board of Directors meeting today acknowledged the need for further examination into the financial structure of the Company and the Group and therefore decided the new dates for the approval of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for 2023:- 27 May 2024: Meeting of the Board of Directors to examine and approve the proposed 2023 statutory financial statements and the 2023 consolidated financial statements;- 27 June 2024: Shareholders' meeting to approve the statutory financial statements and review the consolidated financial statements for the 2023 financial year;Furthermore  starting from 4/16/2024  Fernando Palladino will replace Matteo Colafigli as investor relator of Tatatu S.p.A.This press release is available on the Company's websiteat the following address https://corporate.tatatu.com/en/corporate/Investors section/.***About TaTaTuTaTaTu is the first entertainment platform based on data sharing economy and circular economy. The company is the first social media platform to reward users with TTU Coin for viewing content and social media activities.Users can post photos and videos  and earn even more TTU Coin when someone likes  comments  views or shares a post or when users invite a friend.Available worldwide in BETA  TaTaTu offers its community auctions  giving users the chance to win unmissable products and experiences by bidding with TTU Coins. In addition  users can redeem TTU Coins in e-commerce in exchange for products.For more information:Investor relations contactsFernando Palladino |fernando@tatatu.com| + 39 3485820804,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['TaTaTu S.p.A.', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Correction', 'release', 'CET/CEST', 'TATATU S.P.A.', 'first social media platform', 'social media activities', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'first entertainment platform', 'data sharing economy', 'Investor relations contacts', '2023 statutory financial statements', '2023 consolidated financial statements', 'circular economy', 'investor relator', 'financial structure', '2023 financial year', 'UNITED STATES', 'April 15th', 'Direct Listing', 'ticker code', 'new dates', 'Fernando Palladino', 'Matteo Colafigli', 'following address', 'corporate/Investors section', 'TTU Coin', 'community auctions', 'PRESS RELEASE', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'unmissable products', 'Directors meeting', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'THE', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'CHANGE', 'APPROVAL', '31 DECEMBER', 'Rome', 'Company', 'shares', 'ALTTU', 'Board', 'need', 'examination', 'Group', '27 May', '27 June', 'websiteat', 'users', 'content', 'photos', 'videos', 'someone', 'comments', 'views', 'post', 'friend', 'BETA', 'chance', 'experiences', 'addition', 'commerce', 'information']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39271,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BERKSHIRE-HATHAWAY-INC-11915/news/News-Highlights-Top-Company-News-of-the-Day-Monday-at-5-AM-ET-46433412/,News Highlights: Top Company News of the Day - Monday at 5 AM ET,(marketscreener.com) Samsung Overtakes Apple as Smartphone Leader  IDC Says   Samsung Electronics has overtaken Apple as the top smartphone provider  while Chinese companies took a bigger slice of the global market  according to research firm Internationa…,"Samsung Overtakes Apple as Smartphone Leader  IDC SaysSamsung Electronics has overtaken Apple as the top smartphone provider  while Chinese companies took a bigger slice of the global market  according to research firm International Data Corporation.CVC Confirms Amsterdam IPO PlanGlobal buyout firm CVC said it plans to float on Euronext Amsterdam  raising $266 million in new money from the IPO.Berkshire Hathaway Buys More Liberty Sirius XM Stock. Trade Not a Winner for Berkshire.Warren Buffett's Berkshire has been accumulating the tracking stock on nearly every trading session since late March.Goldman Sachs Prepares to Release Earnings After Rival Banks Set Sullen ToneThe investment bank follows a string of lackluster results from U.S. banks last week.UnitedHealth's Earnings Could Illuminate True Fallout From Cyberattack on Change UnitInvestors might get a better sense of the fallout for UnitedHealth Group when it reports first-quarter earnings results Tuesday.The Tesla Cybertruck Has Had a Rough Start. Now Production Is Halted.Tesla seems to have run into a problem producing its newest model  its oddly-shaped pickup truck.Franklin Templeton Turns Toward Private Investing as Mutual-Fund Business ShrinksAfter a string of acquisitions  the firm now manages more than $260 billion in alternative assets like private credit.GE Sells Crotonville  a Training Ground for Generations of ManagersThe site where former CEO Jack Welch once held lectures in a sunken auditorium known as ""The Pit"" will become a conference center. 3M and Boeing are still looking to unload campuses.Powerful Senator Crafts TikTok CrackdownWashington Democrat Maria Cantwell has deep experience with tech legislation  while frustrating some colleagues.Will Banks Finally Have to Pay You More for Your Savings?Deposit costs are still a moving target  even for the biggest banks.(END) Dow Jones Newswires04-15-24 0515ET",neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.28,0.6,True,English,"['Top Company News', 'News Highlights', 'Day', '5 AM', 'Powerful Senator Crafts TikTok Crackdown', 'More Liberty Sirius XM Stock', 'former CEO Jack Welch', 'Washington Democrat Maria Cantwell', 'International Data Corporation', 'shaped pickup truck', 'Mutual-Fund Business Shrinks', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'top smartphone provider', 'U.S. banks', 'Amsterdam IPO Plan', 'Global buyout firm', 'The Tesla Cybertruck', 'first-quarter earnings results', 'tracking stock', 'Smartphone Leader', 'global market', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'lackluster results', 'The Pit', 'Chinese companies', 'bigger slice', 'research firm', 'new money', 'Warren Buffett', 'trading session', 'late March', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Rival Banks', 'Sullen Tone', 'investment bank', 'Change Unit', 'Rough Start', 'newest model', 'Franklin Templeton', 'Private Investing', 'alternative assets', 'private credit', 'Training Ground', 'sunken auditorium', 'conference center', 'deep experience', 'tech legislation', 'Deposit costs', 'moving target', 'biggest banks', 'Samsung Electronics', 'True Fallout', 'UnitedHealth Group', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Apple', 'IDC', 'CVC', 'Trade', 'Winner', 'string', 'Cyberattack', 'Investors', 'sense', 'Production', 'problem', 'acquisitions', 'Crotonville', 'Generations', 'Managers', 'site', 'lectures', '3M', 'Boeing', 'campuses', 'colleagues', 'Savings']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39272,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Announces-Advancement-of-Sanofi-developed-NK-Cell-Engager-SAR443579-IPH6101-Progress-46431895/,Innate Pharma Announces Advancement of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579 / IPH6101 Progressing to Phase 2 for Blood Cancer Patients,(marketscreener.com) Partner Sanofi advances SAR443579 / IPH6101  ANKET® platform lead asset  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager  to Phase 2 dose expansion in blood cancersDosing of the first patient in the dose expansion part of the …,"Partner Sanofi advances SAR443579 / IPH6101  ANKET® platform lead asset  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager  to Phase 2 dose expansion in blood cancers Dosing of the first patient in the dose expansion part of the trial triggers a €4m milestone payment to InnateRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that the first patient was dosed in the Phase 2 dose expansion part of the Sanofi-sponsored clinical trial of SAR443579 / IPH6101 (NCT05086315)  evaluating SAR443579 as a monotherapy for the treatment of blood cancers with high unmet needs  including relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and high-risk myelodysplasia.SAR443579 is an investigational trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi. SAR443579 received FDA Fast Track Designation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia. Efficacy and safety results from the dose-escalation part of the trial were shared in a poster presentation at the American Society of Hematology 2023 Annual Meeting in San Diego  California.“The progression of SAR443579 to the Phase 2 expansion part of the clinical trial in blood cancers is another step in bringing this innovative NK cell engager to patients ” said Dr. Sonia Quaratino  Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma. “SAR443579 has shown promising clinical efficacy in the dose escalation of the Phase 1/2 in R/R AML patients  and we look forward to the dose expansion part of the study.""Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration with Sanofi  the progression to the dose expansion part of the trial has triggered a milestone payment from Sanofi to Innate of €4m.“Our goal is to continue to develop the best and most impactful treatments for patients with cancer ” saidPeter Adamson  Global Development Head  Oncology  Sanofi.“We are encouraged by our progress in this study for patients with AML  and look forward to sharing results in the future as data continues to emerge.”More information about the Phase 1/2 trial can be found on clinicaltrials.gov.About ANKET®ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer.This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer.About the Innate-Sanofi research collaboration and licensing agreementsThe Company has a research collaboration and license agreement with Sanofi to apply Innate’s proprietary technology to the development of innovative multi-specific antibody formats engaging NK cells through the activating receptors NKp46 and CD16 to kill tumor cells.Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration and license agreement  Sanofi is responsible for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of products resulting from the research collaboration  which includes SAR443579/IPH6101 (Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager) and SAR445514/IPH6401 (Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager). As part of the 2016 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €400m in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.As part of the license agreement entered in December 2022  Sanofi licensed IPH62 and IPH67 and has the option for one additional target. Under the terms of the 2022 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €1.35bn total in preclinical  clinical  regulatory and commercial milestones plus royalties on potential net sales.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414715190/en/",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager', 'Blood Cancer Patients', 'Innate Pharma', 'Advancement', 'Phase', 'investigational trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'innovative NK cell engager', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'FDA Fast Track Designation', 'innovative multi-specific antibody formats', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'NK) cell engagers', 'ANKET® platform lead asset', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'Phase 2 dose expansion part', 'high unmet needs', 'Dr. Sonia Quaratino', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'one additional target', 'Phase 2 expansion part', 'preclinical, clinical, regulatory', 'leading research institutions', '€4m milestone payment', 'commercial milestone payments', 'potential net sales', 'Global Development Head', 'innate immune system', 'promising clinical efficacy', 'Phase 1/2 trial', 'joint research collaboration', 'Innate-Sanofi research collaboration', 'Sanofi-sponsored clinical trial', 'multiple tumor types', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'NK cells', 'R/R AML patients', 'innovative approach', 'proprietary platform', 'dose escalation', '2016 research collaboration', 'Regulatory News', 'dose-escalation part', 'proprietary technology', 'tumor cells', 'commercial milestones', 'The Company', 'blood cancers', 'first patient', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'poster presentation', 'American Society', '2023 Annual Meeting', 'San Diego', 'impactful treatments', 'saidPeter Adamson', 'purpose technology', 'new class', 'synthetic immunity', 'licensing agreements', 'activating receptors', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'More information', 'looking information', 'license agreement', 'safety results', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'cancer patients', 'Partner Sanofi', 'IPH Nasdaq', '2016 agreement', '2022 agreement', 'Dosing', 'SAR443579', 'IPH6101', 'monotherapy', 'relapsed', 'Hematology', 'California', 'progression', 'step', 'study', 'terms', 'goal', 'best', 'Oncology', 'future', 'data', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'molecules', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'products', 'SAR445514', 'IPH6401', 'royalties', 'December', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'option', '1.35bn', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'innovation', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39273,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5545993594338494,Innate Pharma Announces Advancement of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579 / IPH6101 Progressing to Phase 2 for Blood Cancer Patients,Partner Sanofi advances SAR443579 / IPH6101  ANKET   &#xAE;   platform lead asset  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager  to Phase 2 dose expansion in blood cancers             Dosing of the first patient in the dose expansion part of t...,"Innate Pharma Announces Advancement of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579 / IPH6101 Progressing to Phase 2 for Blood Cancer PatientsPartner Sanofi advances SAR443579 / IPH6101  ANKET ® platform lead asset  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager  to Phase 2 dose expansion in blood cancersDosing of the first patient in the dose expansion part of the trial triggers a €4m milestone payment to InnateRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that the first patient was dosed in the Phase 2 dose expansion part of the Sanofi-sponsored clinical trial of SAR443579 / IPH6101 ( NCT05086315 )  evaluating SAR443579 as a monotherapy for the treatment of blood cancers with high unmet needs  including relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and high-risk myelodysplasia.SAR443579 is an investigational trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi. SAR443579 received FDA Fast Track Designation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia. Efficacy and safety results from the dose-escalation part of the trial were shared in a poster presentation at the American Society of Hematology 2023 Annual Meeting in San Diego  California.“The progression of SAR443579 to the Phase 2 expansion part of the clinical trial in blood cancers is another step in bringing this innovative NK cell engager to patients ” said Dr. Sonia Quaratino   Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma. “SAR443579 has shown promising clinical efficacy in the dose escalation of the Phase 1/2 in R/R AML patients  and we look forward to the dose expansion part of the study.""Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration with Sanofi   the progression to the dose expansion part of the trial has triggered a milestone payment from Sanofi to Innate of €4m.“Our goal is to continue to develop the best and most impactful treatments for patients with cancer ” said Peter Adamson  Global Development Head  Oncology  Sanofi . “ We are encouraged by our progress in this study for patients with AML  and look forward to sharing results in the future as data continues to emerge.”More information about the Phase 1/2 trial can be found on clinicaltrials.gov .About ANKET ®ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer.This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer.About the Innate-Sanofi research collaboration and licensing agreementsThe Company has a research collaboration and license agreement with Sanofi to apply Innate’s proprietary technology to the development of innovative multi-specific antibody formats engaging NK cells through the activating receptors NKp46 and CD16 to kill tumor cells.Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration and license agreement   Sanofi is responsible for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of products resulting from the research collaboration  which includes SAR443579/IPH6101 (Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager) and SAR445514/IPH6401 (Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager). As part of the 2016 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €400m in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.As part of the license agreement entered in December 2022  Sanofi licensed IPH62 and IPH67 and has the option for one additional target. Under the terms of the 2022 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €1.35bn total in preclinical  clinical  regulatory and commercial milestones plus royalties on potential net sales.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414715190/en/For additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager', 'Blood Cancer Patients', 'Innate Pharma', 'Advancement', 'Phase', 'ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics', 'investigational trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager', 'innovative NK cell engager', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'FDA Fast Track Designation', 'innovative multi-specific antibody formats', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'NK) cell engagers', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'ANKET ® platform lead asset', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'Phase 2 dose expansion part', 'high unmet needs', 'Dr. Sonia Quaratino', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'one additional target', 'preclinical, clinical, regulatory', 'leading research institutions', '€4m milestone payment', 'Phase 2 expansion part', 'commercial milestone payments', 'potential net sales', 'innate immune system', 'Global Development Head', 'promising clinical efficacy', 'joint research collaboration', 'Innate-Sanofi research collaboration', 'Sanofi-sponsored clinical trial', 'multiple tumor types', 'Phase 1/2 trial', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'NK cells', 'R/R AML patients', 'Blood Cancer Patients', 'innovative approach', 'proprietary platform', 'B-cell acute', 'lymphoblastic leukemia', 'dose escalation', '2016 research collaboration', 'Regulatory News', 'dose-escalation part', 'proprietary technology', 'tumor cells', 'commercial milestones', 'The Company', 'blood cancers', 'first patient', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'poster presentation', 'American Society', '2023 Annual Meeting', 'San Diego', 'impactful treatments', 'Peter Adamson', 'clinicaltrials.gov', 'purpose technology', 'new class', 'synthetic immunity', 'licensing agreements', 'activating receptors', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'Euronext Paris', 'license agreement', 'safety results', 'More information', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE2', 'Partner Sanofi', 'IPH Nasdaq', '2016 agreement', '2022 agreement', 'Advancement', 'Dosing', 'SAR443579', 'IPH6101', 'NCT05086315', 'monotherapy', 'relapsed', 'Hematology', 'California', 'progression', 'step', 'study', 'terms', 'goal', 'best', 'Oncology', 'future', 'data', 'molecules', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'products', 'SAR445514', 'IPH6401', 'royalties', 'December', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'option', '1.35bn', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'innovation', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'innate-pharma', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investorsobserver.com
39274,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/innate-pharma-announces-advancement-of-sanofideveloped-nk-cell-engager-sar443579--iph6101-progressing-to-phase-2-for-blood-cancer-patients-93CH-3377494,Innate Pharma Announces Advancement of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579 / IPH6101 Progressing to Phase 2 for Blood Cancer Patients By Investing.com,Innate Pharma Announces Advancement of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579 / IPH6101 Progressing to Phase 2 for Blood Cancer Patients,"Partner Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) advances SAR443579 / IPH6101  ANKET ® platform lead asset  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager  to Phase 2 dose expansion in blood cancersDosing of the first patient in the dose expansion part of the trial triggers a €4m milestone payment to InnateMARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (OTC: ) (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (Innate or the Company) today announced that the first patient was dosed in the Phase 2 dose expansion part of the Sanofi-sponsored clinical trial of SAR443579 / IPH6101 (NCT05086315)  evaluating SAR443579 as a monotherapy for the treatment of blood cancers with high unmet needs  including relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and high-risk myelodysplasia.SAR443579 is an investigational trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi. SAR443579 received FDA Fast Track Designation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia. Efficacy and safety results from the dose-escalation part of the trial were shared in a poster presentation at the American Society of Hematology 2023 Annual Meeting in San Diego  California.The progression of SAR443579 to the Phase 2 expansion part of the clinical trial in blood cancers is another step in bringing this innovative NK cell engager to patients  said Dr. Sonia Quaratino  Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma. SAR443579 has shown promising clinical efficacy in the dose escalation of the Phase 1/2 in R/R AML patients  and we look forward to the dose expansion part of the study.""Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration with Sanofi  the progression to the dose expansion part of the trial has triggered a milestone payment from Sanofi to Innate of €4m.Our goal is to continue to develop the best and most impactful treatments for patients with cancer  said Peter Adamson  Global Development Head  Oncology  Sanofi.We are encouraged by our progress in this study for patients with AML  and look forward to sharing results in the future as data continues to emerge.More information about the Phase 1/2 trial can be found on clinicaltrials.gov.About ANKET ®ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer.This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer.About the Innate-Sanofi research collaboration and licensing agreementsThe Company has a research collaboration and license agreement with Sanofi to apply Innate's proprietary technology to the development of innovative multi-specific antibody formats engaging NK cells through the activating receptors NKp46 and CD16 to kill tumor cells.Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration and license agreement  Sanofi is responsible for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of products resulting from the research collaboration  which includes SAR443579/IPH6101 (Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager) and SAR445514/IPH6401 (Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager). As part of the 2016 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €400m in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.As part of the license agreement entered in December 2022  Sanofi licensed IPH62 and IPH67 and has the option for one additional target. Under the terms of the 2022 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €1.35bn total in preclinical  clinical  regulatory and commercial milestones plus royalties on potential net sales.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate's portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including believe  potential  expect and will and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414715190/en/For additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euSource: Innate Pharma SA",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager', 'Blood Cancer Patients', 'Innate Pharma', 'Advancement', 'Phase', 'Investing', 'investigational trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'FDA Fast Track Designation', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'innovative multi-specific antibody formats', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'NK) cell engagers', 'ANKET ® platform lead asset', 'innovative NK cell', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'Phase 2 dose expansion part', 'high unmet needs', 'Dr. Sonia Quaratino', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'one additional target', 'Phase 2 expansion part', 'preclinical, clinical, regulatory', 'leading research institutions', '€4m milestone payment', 'commercial milestone payments', 'potential net sales', 'Global Development Head', 'innate immune system', 'promising clinical efficacy', 'Phase 1/2 trial', 'joint research collaboration', 'Innate-Sanofi research collaboration', 'Sanofi-sponsored clinical trial', 'multiple tumor types', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'NK cells', 'R/R AML patients', 'proprietary platform', 'dose escalation', 'innovative approach', '2016 research collaboration', 'Regulatory News', 'dose-escalation part', 'proprietary technology', 'tumor cells', 'commercial milestones', 'The Company', 'blood cancers', 'first patient', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'poster presentation', 'American Society', '2023 Annual Meeting', 'San Diego', 'impactful treatments', 'Peter Adamson', 'purpose technology', 'new class', 'synthetic immunity', 'licensing agreements', 'activating receptors', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'Euronext Paris', 'More information', 'looking information', 'license agreement', 'safety results', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'cancer patients', 'Partner Sanofi', 'IPH Nasdaq', '2016 agreement', '2022 agreement', 'IPH6101', 'Dosing', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'OTC', 'SAR443579', 'monotherapy', 'relapsed', 'Hematology', 'California', 'progression', 'step', 'study', 'terms', 'goal', 'best', 'Oncology', 'future', 'data', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'molecules', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'products', 'SAR445514', 'IPH6401', 'royalties', 'December', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'option', '1.35bn', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'innovation', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'forward']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investing.com
39275,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SEB-S-A-4701/news/Groupe-SEB-Continues-to-Strengthen-Its-Financial-Structure-With-a-150M-Financing-Over-12-Years-46437524/,Groupe SEB Continues to Strengthen Its Financial Structure With a 150M Financing Over 12 Years,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Groupe SEB is pleased to announce the success of a €150m  12-year private placement  with leading institutional investors.The placement comes without financial covenants and is SEB's first with a maturity of more th…,Regulatory News:Groupe SEB (Paris:SK) is pleased to announce the success of a €150m  12-year private placement  with leading institutional investors.The placement comes without financial covenants and is SEB's first with a maturity of more than 10 years  enabling it to extend the average maturity of its debt.It reflects investors’ confidence in Groupe SEB's long-term strategy and prospects  following the oversubscribed Schuldschein financing of €650m in December 2023 and a €495m Club Deal arranged with its relationship banks in March 2024.This institutional private placement further diversifies Groupe SEB's sources of financing.The issuance was made on favorable terms  with a fixed interest rate of 5.0%. Meanwhile  Groupe SEB is actively managing its interest-rate risk to optimize its financial expenses by benefiting from falling interest rates while being hedged against any potential rises.The proceeds of this issuance  settled on 3 April 2024  will be used to cover Groupe SEB's general corporate needs and notably contributing to the repayment of the €500m bond issue maturing in May 2024.The bonds issued are listed on Euronext Access.Société Générale arranged the transaction.Next key dates – 2024 April 25 | after market closes Q1 2024 sales and financial data May 23 | 2:30 p.m. Annual General Meeting July 25 | before market opens H1 2024 sales and results October 24 | after market closes 9-month 2023 sales and financial dataFind us on www.groupeseb.comWorld reference in small domestic equipment and professional coffee machines  Groupe SEB operates with a unique portfolio of 35 top brands including Tefal  Seb  Rowenta  Moulinex  Krups  Lagostina  All-Clad  WMF  Emsa  Supor  marketed through multi-format retailing. Selling more than 400 million products a year  it deploys a long-term strategy focused on innovation  international development  competitiveness and client service. Present in over 150 countries  Groupe SEB generated sales of €8 billion in 2023 and has more than 31 000 employees worldwide.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240415992844/en/,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.28,0.2,True,English,"['Groupe SEB', 'Financial Structure', '150M Financing', '12 Years', 'Société Générale', '€150m, 12-year private placement', 'institutional private placement', '€495m Club Deal', 'fixed interest rate', 'falling interest rates', 'general corporate needs', '€500m bond issue', 'Next key dates', 'Annual General Meeting', 'small domestic equipment', 'professional coffee machines', 'leading institutional investors', 'investors’ confidence', 'Regulatory News', 'financial covenants', 'long-term strategy', 'relationship banks', 'favorable terms', 'interest-rate risk', 'financial expenses', 'potential rises', 'Euronext Access', 'financial data', 'World reference', 'unique portfolio', '35 top brands', 'multi-format retailing', '400 million products', 'international development', 'client service', 'source version', 'Groupe SEB', 'Q1 2024 sales', 'H1 2024 sales', '9-month 2023 sales', 'average maturity', 'Schuldschein financing', 'Paris', 'success', '10 years', 'debt', 'prospects', 'December', 'March', 'sources', 'issuance', 'proceeds', '3 April', 'repayment', 'May', 'bonds', 'transaction', 'market', 'July', 'results', 'groupeseb', 'Tefal', 'Rowenta', 'Moulinex', 'Krups', 'Lagostina', 'All-Clad', 'WMF', 'Emsa', 'Supor', 'innovation', 'competitiveness', '150 countries', '31,000 employees', 'businesswire', '2:30']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39276,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/groupe-seb-continues-to-strengthen-its-financial-structure-with-a--150m-financing-over-12-years-93CH-3378720,Groupe SEB Continues to Strengthen Its Financial Structure With a €150M Financing Over 12 Years By Investing.com,Groupe SEB Continues to Strengthen Its Financial Structure With a  €150M Financing Over 12 Years,ECULLY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Groupe SEB (Paris:SK) is pleased to announce the success of a €150m  12-year private placement  with leading institutional investors.The placement comes without financial covenants and is SEB's first with a maturity of more than 10 years  enabling it to extend the average maturity of its debt.It reflects investors' confidence in Groupe SEB's long-term strategy and prospects  following the oversubscribed Schuldschein financing of €650m in December 2023 and a €495m Club Deal arranged with its relationship banks in March 2024.This institutional private placement further diversifies Groupe SEB's sources of financing.The issuance was made on favorable terms  with a fixed interest rate of 5.0%. Meanwhile  Groupe SEB is actively managing its interest-rate risk to optimize its financial expenses by benefiting from falling interest rates while being hedged against any potential rises.The proceeds of this issuance  settled on 3 April 2024  will be used to cover Groupe SEB's general corporate needs and notably contributing to the repayment of the €500m bond issue maturing in May 2024.The bonds issued are listed on Euronext Access.SociÃ©tÃ© GÃ©nÃ©rale arranged the transaction.Next key dates “ 2024 April 25 | after market closes Q1 2024 sales and financial data May 23 | 2:30 p.m. Annual General Meeting July 25 | before market opens H1 2024 sales and results October 24 | after market closes 9-month 2023 sales and financial dataFind us on www.groupeseb.comWorld reference in small domestic equipment and professional coffee machines  Groupe SEB operates with a unique portfolio of 35 top brands including Tefal  Seb  Rowenta  Moulinex  Krups  Lagostina  All-Clad  WMF  Emsa  Supor  marketed through multi-format retailing. Selling more than 400 million products a year  it deploys a long-term strategy focused on innovation  international development  competitiveness and client service. Present in over 150 countries  Groupe SEB generated sales of €8 billion in 2023 and has more than 31 000 employees worldwide.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240415992844/en/Investor/Analyst RelationsGroupe SEBFinancial Communication and IR DeptRaphaÃ«l HoffstetterGuillaume Baroncomfin@groupeseb.comTel. +33 (0) 4 72 18 16 04Media RelationsGroupe SEBCorporate Communication DeptCathy PianonAnissa DjaadiMarie Leroypresse@groupeseb.comTel. + 33 (0) 6 33 13 02 00Tel. + 33 (0) 6 88 20 90 88Tel. +33 (0) 6 76 98 87 53Image SeptCaroline SimonClaire DoligezIsabelle Dunoyer de Segonzaccaroline.simon@image7.frcdoligez@image7.frisegonzac@image7.frTel. +33 (0) 1 53 70 74 70Source: Groupe SEB,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Groupe SEB', 'Financial Structure', '€150M Financing', '12 Years', 'Investing', 'com', 'SociÃ©tÃ© GÃ©nÃ©rale', '€150m, 12-year private placement', 'institutional private placement', '€495m Club Deal', 'fixed interest rate', 'falling interest rates', 'general corporate needs', '€500m bond issue', 'Next key dates', 'Annual General Meeting', 'small domestic equipment', 'professional coffee machines', 'RaphaÃ«l Hoffstetter', 'Guillaume Baron comfin', 'leading institutional investors', 'Corporate Communication Dept', ""investors' confidence"", 'Financial Communication', 'IR Dept', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'financial covenants', 'long-term strategy', 'relationship banks', 'favorable terms', 'interest-rate risk', 'financial expenses', 'potential rises', 'Euronext Access', 'financial data', 'World reference', 'unique portfolio', '35 top brands', 'multi-format retailing', '400 million products', 'international development', 'client service', 'Investor/Analyst Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Cathy Pianon', 'Anissa Djaadi', 'Marie Leroy', 'Claire Doligez', 'Isabelle Dunoyer', 'Groupe SEB', 'Q1 2024 sales', 'H1 2024 sales', '9-month 2023 sales', 'average maturity', 'Schuldschein financing', 'source version', 'Image Sept', 'Caroline Simon', 'ECULLY', 'France', 'Paris', 'success', '10 years', 'debt', 'prospects', 'December', 'March', 'sources', 'issuance', 'proceeds', '3 April', 'repayment', 'May', 'bonds', 'transaction', 'market', 'July', 'results', 'groupeseb', 'Tefal', 'Rowenta', 'Moulinex', 'Krups', 'Lagostina', 'All-Clad', 'WMF', 'Emsa', 'Supor', 'innovation', 'competitiveness', '150 countries', '31,000 employees', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'presse', 'Segonzac', 'cdoligez', '2:30']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investing.com
39277,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/15/romano-brothers-and-company-has-431000-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Romano Brothers AND Company Has $431 000 Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Romano Brothers AND Company grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.7% during the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institution…,Romano Brothers AND Company grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.7% during the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 2 734 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 122 shares during the period. Romano Brothers AND Company’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $431 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of RSP. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at $26 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter valued at about $26 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter worth about $28 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter worth about $38 000. Finally  Bartlett & CO. Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter valued at about $44 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceShares of RSP stock opened at $161.98 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day simple moving average is $163.67 and its 200 day simple moving average is $153.79. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a twelve month low of $133.34 and a twelve month high of $169.80. The company has a market capitalization of $45.79 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Romano Brothers', 'Company', '$431,000 Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', '50 day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'CO. Wealth Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'Householder Group Estate', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'other institutional investors', 'recent SEC filing', 'twelve month low', 'daily performance', 'Free Report', 'recent filing', 'email address', 'RSP stock', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Romano Brothers', '4th quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'new position', '3rd quarter', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'new stake', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 122 shares', '2,734 shares', 'Company', 'Securities', 'period', 'holdings', 'number', 'Bartlett', 'Monday', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,etfdailynews.com
39278,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-46435313/,Ferrari N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Maranello    April 15 2024 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximate…,Maranello (Italy)  April 15 2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)08/04/2024 EXM 3 870 390.2155 1 510 133.99 09/04/2024 EXM 3 852 385.7892 1 486 060.00 10/04/2024 EXM 3 889 389.1578 1 513 434.68 11/04/2024 EXM 3 837 388.8160 1 491 886.99 12/04/2024 EXM 3 890 390.4649 1 518 908.46 Total - 19 338 388.8936 7 520 424.12(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Fourth Tranche till April 12  2024  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 171 319 099.51 for No. 497 223 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 54 391 165.62 (Euro 49 994 518.23*) for No. 140 501 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of April 12  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 13 831 301 common shares equal to 5.38% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until April 12  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 3 007 197 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 794 058 143.88.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Ferrari N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '350 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 140,501 common shares', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '223 common shares', '13,831,301 common shares', 'fourth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'April', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'November', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', '24 EXM', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'start', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '197']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39279,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/MaaT-Pharma-Presents-Positive-18-month-Data-for-MaaT013-Showing-a-Clear-Overall-Survival-Advantage-i-46431975/,MaaT Pharma Presents Positive 18-month Data for MaaT013 Showing a Clear Overall Survival Advantage in aGvHD from the Early Access Program at the 2024 EBMT Event,(marketscreener.com) Positive efficacy and safety results in 140 patients treated with MaaT013 in acute graft-versus-host disease as part of the MaaT Pharma Early Access Program .Gastrointestinal overall response rate of 52% observed at Day 28.Long-…,"Positive efficacy and safety results in 140 patients treated with MaaT013 in acute graft-versus-host disease (aGvHD) as part of the MaaT Pharma Early Access Program (EAP). Gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR) of 52% observed at Day (D) 28. Long-term survival data at 18 months with 42% overall survival (OS) in all patients and 58% in responder patients to MaaT013. Used in 3rd line  MaaT013 exhibits a high and durable response rate (with 63% GI-ORR at D28 and 53% at D56)  translating to the highest overall survival in this population of patients when compared to reported evidence in the literature (Abedin et al.  2021). A pivotal Phase 3 trial evaluating MaaT013 (ARES trial - NCT04769895; n=75) in patients with corticosteroid and ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD is currently ongoing with primary endpoint expected in mid Q4-2024.Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies™ (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  presents a summary of its oral presentation at the 50th Annual Meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT) currently being hosted in Glasgow  Scotland from 14-17 April 2024. The presentation is scheduled for April 17th by Dr. Malard  Professor of Hematology at Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne University in Paris and is based on the abstract made available on the website of the event.This presentation will unveil promising extended outcomes from the EAP in Europe  involving 140 patients with steroid-refractory (SR) or steroid-dependent (SD) gastrointestinal acute graft-versus-host disease (GI-aGvHD) treated with MaaT013. Prof. Malard will emphasize a significantly high response rate (Complete Response [CR] and Very Good Partial Response [VGPR]) to MaaT013  demonstrating a clear reduction in disease burden and improved Overall Survival (OS) at 18 months compared to published data.Prof. Malard commented: “MaaT013 shows remarkable efficacy at 18 months  yielding more complete responses in aGvHD patients who have shown resistance to current treatments  as compared to other available therapies. This effect is coupled with reduced toxicity compared to standard immunosuppressive drugs. Notably  these results are achieved with just 3 doses in less than 2 weeks of treatment initiation. This would not only improve patient outcomes  but also significantly enhance their quality of life.”Echoing this feedback  Dr. Jaime Sanz Caballer  Hematologist and coordinator of the Bone Marrow Transplant Unit at the University Hospital La Fe in Valencia  Spain  also commented: “there is a persistent unmet medical need in aGvHD with consistently reported poor survival outcomes. This is particularly noticeable for patients in third-line treatment options where only 15% of patients survive at 12 months1. This underscores the urgent demand for innovative solutions such as MaaT013  presenting a promising immuno-restorative approach.""The data presented highlights the strong safety profile of MaaT013 (full details here) and translates into increased OS. In this heavily pre-treated population (n=140)  the following results were observed:GI-ORR of 52% at D28  with CR observed in 28% of patients; ORR considering all organs was 52% with 24% CR.OS was 54% at 6 months  47% at 12 months  42% at 18 months.OS was significantly higher in patients who responded to MaaT013 compared to non-responders (68% versus 24% at 12 months  and 58% versus 24% at 18 months).A subset of the 140 patients (n=49) that is a similar population to that of the ongoing Phase 3 ARES clinical trial (NCT04769895): steroid- and ruxolitinib- refractory corresponding to the third-line treatment demonstrated even better efficacy:GI-ORR of 63% at D28  with almost half of patients demonstrating a CR (49%); global ORR was 61% with 43% with a CR.OS was 52% at 6 months  49% at 12 months  42% at 18 months.OS was significantly higher in patients who responded to MaaT013 compared to non-responders (76% versus 6% at 12 months  and 64% versus 6% at 18 months).A pivotal Phase 3 trial (n=75) evaluating MaaT013 (ARES trial - NCT04769895) in patients with corticosteroid and ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD is currently ongoing to confirm the results from the EAP. The Company previously shared the positive review by the Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) for the Phase 3 ARES trial  including a favorable benefit/risk ratio  with “high efficacy and low toxicity.”“The confirmation of an improvement in 18-month survival  compared to the data already presented  by the company  at 12 months  reinforces our confidence in the ongoing development  notably the results of the current Phase 3 trial ” stated Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma. “Beyond the significant impact for patients  this advancement distinguishes our treatment in a context where current options offer only limited benefits and lead to severe complications. Anticipating a positive Phase 3 outcome and a potential commercial launch in 2026  we aim to capture a substantial share of the market for third-line patients  thereby marking a turning point in the management of this condition.”MaaT013  a pooled-donor microbiome ecosystem therapy  has been awarded Orphan Drug Designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) due to the rarity of the disease  underscoring the need for therapeutic advances.MaaT Pharma also presented its ongoing Phase 2b trial design for MaaT033 developed as an adjunctive therapy to enhance OS in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. This international  multi-center trial (NCT05762211) is the largest randomized controlled study to date of a microbiome-based therapy in oncology  spanning up to 56 sites and aiming to enroll 387 patients.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma initiated an open-label  single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  building on the positive results of its Phase 2 proof-of-concept study. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Abedin et al  2021View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414046562/en/",neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.27,0.3,True,English,"['Clear Overall Survival Advantage', 'Positive 18-month Data', 'Early Access Program', 'MaaT Pharma', '2024 EBMT Event', 'MaaT013', 'aGvHD', 'steroid-dependent (SD) gastrointestinal acute graft', 'MaaT Pharma Early Access Program', 'ongoing Phase 3 ARES clinical trial', 'persistent unmet medical need', 'Very Good Partial Response', 'Dr. Jaime Sanz Caballer', 'Bone Marrow Transplant Unit', 'Gastrointestinal overall response rate', 'University Hospital La Fe', 'Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'durable response rate', 'acute graft-versus-host disease', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'Phase 3 ARES trial', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies™', '50th Annual Meeting', 'other available therapies', 'standard immunosuppressive drugs', 'promising immuno-restorative approach', 'strong safety profile', 'favorable benefit/risk ratio', 'current Phase 3 trial', 'positive Phase 3 outcome', 'promising extended outcomes', 'high response rate', 'highest overall survival', 'poor survival outcomes', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Long-term survival data', 'third-line treatment options', 'Overall Survival (OS', '42% overall survival', 'Complete Response', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'Dr. Malard', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'Sorbonne University', 'ongoing development', 'current options', 'patient outcomes', '18-month survival', 'safety results', 'disease burden', 'current treatments', 'positive review', 'Positive efficacy', '3rd line', 'ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD', 'primary endpoint', 'mid Q4', 'Regulatory News', 'European Society', 'Prof. Malard', 'clear reduction', 'reduced toxicity', 'treatment initiation', 'urgent demand', 'innovative solutions', 'full details', 'ruxolitinib- refractory', 'low toxicity', 'Hervé Affagard', 'significant impact', 'limited benefits', 'severe complications', 'potential comme', 'remarkable efficacy', 'The Company', 'high efficacy', '14-17 April', 'global ORR', 'following results', 'oral presentation', 'similar population', 'aGvHD patients', '140 patients', 'MaaT013', 'EAP', 'GI-ORR', 'Day', '18 months', 'D28', 'D56', 'evidence', 'literature', 'Abedin', 'corticosteroid', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'cancer', 'summary', 'Blood', 'EBMT', 'Glasgow', 'Scotland', 'Professor', 'Hematology', 'Paris', 'abstract', 'website', 'event', 'VGPR', 'resistance', 'effect', '3 doses', 'less', '2 weeks', 'quality', 'life', 'feedback', 'Hematologist', 'coordinator', 'Valencia', 'Spain', '12 months', 'organs', '24% CR', '6 months', 'responders', 'subset', 'half', 'NCT04769895', 'DSMB', 'confirmation', 'improvement', 'confidence', 'CEO', 'founder', 'advancement', 'context']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39280,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7767722656179862,MaaT Pharma Presents Positive 18-month Data for MaaT013 Showing a Clear Overall Survival Advantage in aGvHD from the Early Access Program at the 2024 EBMT Event,Positive efficacy and safety results in 140 patients treated with MaaT013 in acute graft-versus-host disease (aGvHD) as part of the MaaT Pharma Early Access Program (EAP).     Gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR) of 52% observed at Day (D) 2...,"MaaT Pharma Presents Positive 18-month Data for MaaT013 Showing a Clear Overall Survival Advantage in aGvHD from the Early Access Program at the 2024 EBMT EventPositive efficacy and safety results in 140 patients treated with MaaT013 in acute graft-versus-host disease (aGvHD) as part of the MaaT Pharma Early Access Program (EAP).Gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR) of 52% observed at Day (D) 28.Long-term survival data at 18 months with 42% overall survival (OS) in all patients and 58% in responder patients to MaaT013.Used in 3 rd line  MaaT013 exhibits a high and durable response rate (with 63% GI-ORR at D28 and 53% at D56)  translating to the highest overall survival in this population of patients when compared to reported evidence in the literature (Abedin et al.  2021).line  MaaT013 exhibits a high and durable response rate (with 63% GI-ORR at D28 and 53% at D56)  translating to the highest overall survival in this population of patients when compared to reported evidence in the literature (Abedin et al.  2021). A pivotal Phase 3 trial evaluating MaaT013 (ARES trial - NCT04769895; n=75) in patients with corticosteroid and ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD is currently ongoing with primary endpoint expected in mid Q4-2024.Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies ™ (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  presents a summary of its oral presentation at the 50th Annual Meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT) currently being hosted in Glasgow  Scotland from 14-17 April 2024. The presentation is scheduled for April 17 th by Dr. Malard  Professor of Hematology at Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne University in Paris and is based on the abstract made available on the website of the event.This presentation will unveil promising extended outcomes from the EAP in Europe  involving 140 patients with steroid-refractory (SR) or steroid-dependent (SD) gastrointestinal acute graft-versus-host disease (GI-aGvHD) treated with MaaT013. Prof. Malard will emphasize a significantly high response rate (Complete Response [CR] and Very Good Partial Response [VGPR]) to MaaT013  demonstrating a clear reduction in disease burden and improved Overall Survival (OS) at 18 months compared to published data.Prof. Malard commented: “MaaT013 shows remarkable efficacy at 18 months  yielding more complete responses in aGvHD patients who have shown resistance to current treatments  as compared to other available therapies. This effect is coupled with reduced toxicity compared to standard immunosuppressive drugs. Notably  these results are achieved with just 3 doses in less than 2 weeks of treatment initiation. This would not only improve patient outcomes  but also significantly enhance their quality of life.”Echoing this feedback  Dr. Jaime Sanz Caballer  Hematologist and coordinator of the Bone Marrow Transplant Unit at the University Hospital La Fe in Valencia  Spain  also commented: “there is a persistent unmet medical need in aGvHD with consistently reported poor survival outcomes. This is particularly noticeable for patients in third-line treatment options where only 15% of patients survive at 12 months 1 . This underscores the urgent demand for innovative solutions such as MaaT013  presenting a promising immuno-restorative approach.""The data presented highlights the strong safety profile of MaaT013 (full details here ) and translates into increased OS. In this heavily pre-treated population (n=140)  the following results were observed:GI-ORR of 52% at D28  with CR observed in 28% of patients; ORR considering all organs was 52% with 24% CR.OS was 54% at 6 months  47% at 12 months  42% at 18 months.OS was significantly higher in patients who responded to MaaT013 compared to non-responders (68% versus 24% at 12 months  and 58% versus 24% at 18 months).A subset of the 140 patients (n=49) that is a similar population to that of the ongoing Phase 3 ARES clinical trial (NCT04769895): steroid- and ruxolitinib- refractory corresponding to the third-line treatment demonstrated even better efficacy:GI-ORR of 63% at D28  with almost half of patients demonstrating a CR (49%); global ORR was 61% with 43% with a CR.OS was 52% at 6 months  49% at 12 months  42% at 18 months.OS was significantly higher in patients who responded to MaaT013 compared to non-responders (76% versus 6% at 12 months  and 64% versus 6% at 18 months).A pivotal Phase 3 trial (n=75) evaluating MaaT013 (ARES trial - NCT04769895) in patients with corticosteroid and ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD is currently ongoing to confirm the results from the EAP. The Company previously shared the positive review by the Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) for the Phase 3 ARES trial  including a favorable benefit/risk ratio  with “ high efficacy and low toxicity. ”“The confirmation of an improvement in 18-month survival  compared to the data already presented  by the company  at 12 months  reinforces our confidence in the ongoing development  notably the results of the current Phase 3 trial ” stated Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma. “Beyond the significant impact for patients  this advancement distinguishes our treatment in a context where current options offer only limited benefits and lead to severe complications. Anticipating a positive Phase 3 outcome and a potential commercial launch in 2026  we aim to capture a substantial share of the market for third-line patients  thereby marking a turning point in the management of this condition.”MaaT013  a pooled-donor microbiome ecosystem therapy  has been awarded Orphan Drug Designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) due to the rarity of the disease  underscoring the need for therapeutic advances.MaaT Pharma also presented its ongoing Phase 2b trial design for MaaT033 developed as an adjunctive therapy to enhance OS in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. This international  multi-center trial ( NCT05762211 ) is the largest randomized controlled study to date of a microbiome-based therapy in oncology  spanning up to 56 sites and aiming to enroll 387 patients.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma initiated an open-label  single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  building on the positive results of its Phase 2 proof-of-concept study. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Abedin et al  2021View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414046562/en/MaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsGuilhaume DEBROAS  Ph.D.Head of Investor Relations+33 6 16 48 92 50invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 14 06 45 92media@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications – Corporate CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orPriscillia PERRIN+49 151 7441 6179maat@trophic.eu",neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.31,0.16,True,English,"['Clear Overall Survival Advantage', 'Positive 18-month Data', 'Early Access Program', 'MaaT Pharma', '2024 EBMT Event', 'MaaT013', 'aGvHD', 'steroid-dependent (SD) gastrointestinal acute graft', 'ongoing Phase 3 ARES clinical trial', 'MaaT Pharma Early Access Program', 'persistent unmet medical need', 'Very Good Partial Response', 'Dr. Jaime Sanz Caballer', 'Bone Marrow Transplant Unit', 'Gastrointestinal overall response rate', 'University Hospital La Fe', 'Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'Clear Overall Survival Advantage', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'Phase 3 ARES trial', 'durable response rate', 'acute graft-versus-host disease', 'highest overall survival', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies ™', '50th Annual Meeting', 'other available therapies', 'standard immunosuppressive drugs', 'promising immuno-restorative approach', 'strong safety profile', 'favorable benefit/risk ratio', 'promising extended outcomes', 'poor survival outcomes', 'high response rate', 'Long-term survival data', 'third-line treatment options', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', '42% overall survival (OS', 'Positive 18-month Data', '18-month survival', 'Complete Response', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'Dr. Malard', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'Sorbonne University', 'clear reduction', 'patient outcomes', 'safety results', 'disease burden', 'treatment initiation', 'positive review', 'Positive efficacy', 'ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD', 'primary endpoint', 'mid Q4', 'Regulatory News', 'European Society', 'Prof. Malard', 'current treatments', 'reduced toxicity', 'urgent demand', 'innovative solutions', 'full details', 'ruxolitinib- refractory', 'low toxicity', 'remarkable efficacy', 'The Company', '3 rd line', '14-17 April', 'following results', 'global ORR', 'high efficacy', 'oral presentation', 'similar population', '2024 EBMT Event', 'aGvHD patients', '140 patients', 'MaaT013', 'EAP', 'GI-ORR', 'Day', '18 months', 'D28', 'D56', 'evidence', 'literature', 'Abedin', 'corticosteroid', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'development', 'cancer', 'summary', 'Blood', 'Glasgow', 'Scotland', 'Professor', 'Hematology', 'Paris', 'abstract', 'website', 'VGPR', 'resistance', 'effect', '3 doses', 'less', '2 weeks', 'quality', 'life', 'feedback', 'Hematologist', 'coordinator', 'Valencia', 'Spain', '12 months', 'organs', '24% CR', '6 months', 'responders', 'subset', 'half', 'DSMB', 'confirmation', 'improvement']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investorsobserver.com
39281,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/maat-pharma-presents-positive-18month-data-for-maat013-showing-a-clear-overall-survival-advantage-in-agvhd-from-the-early-access-program-at-the-2024-ebmt-event-93CH-3377499,MaaT Pharma Presents Positive 18-month Data for MaaT013 Showing a Clear Overall Survival Advantage in aGvHD from the Early Access Program at the 2024 EBMT Event By Investing.com,MaaT Pharma Presents Positive 18-month Data for MaaT013 Showing a Clear Overall Survival Advantage in aGvHD from the Early Access Program at the 2024 EBMT Event,"Positive efficacy and safety results in 140 patients treated with MaaT013 in acute graft-versus-host disease (aGvHD) as part of the MaaT Pharma Early Access Program (EAP).Gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR) of 52% observed at Day (D) 28.Long-term survival data at 18 months with 42% overall survival (OS) in all patients and 58% in responder patients to MaaT013.Used in 3rd line  MaaT013 exhibits a high and durable response rate (with 63% GI-ORR at D28 and 53% at D56)  translating to the highest overall survival in this population of patients when compared to reported evidence in the literature (Abedin et al.  2021).A pivotal Phase 3 trial evaluating MaaT013 (ARES trial - NCT04769895; n=75) in patients with corticosteroid and ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD is currently ongoing with primary endpoint expected in mid Q4-2024.LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT “ the Company)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies™ (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  presents a summary of its oral presentation at the 50th Annual Meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT) currently being hosted in Glasgow  Scotland from 14-17 April 2024. The presentation is scheduled for April 17th by Dr. Malard  Professor of Hematology at Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne University in Paris and is based on the abstract made available on the website of the event.This presentation will unveil promising extended outcomes from the EAP in Europe  involving 140 patients with steroid-refractory (SR) or steroid-dependent (SD) gastrointestinal acute graft-versus-host disease (GI-aGvHD) treated with MaaT013. Prof. Malard will emphasize a significantly high response rate (Complete Response [CR] and Very Good Partial Response [VGPR]) to MaaT013  demonstrating a clear reduction in disease burden and improved Overall Survival (OS) at 18 months compared to published data.Prof. Malard commented: MaaT013 shows remarkable efficacy at 18 months  yielding more complete responses in aGvHD patients who have shown resistance to current treatments  as compared to other available therapies. This effect is coupled with reduced toxicity compared to standard immunosuppressive drugs. Notably  these results are achieved with just 3 doses in less than 2 weeks of treatment initiation. This would not only improve patient outcomes  but also significantly enhance their quality of life.Echoing this feedback  Dr. Jaime Sanz Caballer  Hematologist and coordinator of the Bone Marrow Transplant Unit at the University Hospital La Fe in Valencia  Spain  also commented: there is a persistent unmet medical need in aGvHD with consistently reported poor survival outcomes. This is particularly noticeable for patients in third-line treatment options where only 15% of patients survive at 12 months1. This underscores the urgent demand for innovative solutions such as MaaT013  presenting a promising immuno-restorative approach.""The data presented highlights the strong safety profile of MaaT013 (full details here) and translates into increased OS. In this heavily pre-treated population (n=140)  the following results were observed:GI-ORR of 52% at D28  with CR observed in 28% of patients; ORR considering all organs was 52% with 24% CR.OS was 54% at 6 months  47% at 12 months  42% at 18 months.OS was significantly higher in patients who responded to MaaT013 compared to non-responders (68% versus 24% at 12 months  and 58% versus 24% at 18 months).A subset of the 140 patients (n=49) that is a similar population to that of the ongoing Phase 3 ARES clinical trial (NCT04769895): steroid- and ruxolitinib- refractory corresponding to the third-line treatment demonstrated even better efficacy:GI-ORR of 63% at D28  with almost half of patients demonstrating a CR (49%); global ORR was 61% with 43% with a CR.OS was 52% at 6 months  49% at 12 months  42% at 18 months.OS was significantly higher in patients who responded to MaaT013 compared to non-responders (76% versus 6% at 12 months  and 64% versus 6% at 18 months).A pivotal Phase 3 trial (n=75) evaluating MaaT013 (ARES trial - NCT04769895) in patients with corticosteroid and ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD is currently ongoing to confirm the results from the EAP. The Company previously shared the positive review by the Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) for the Phase 3 ARES trial  including a favorable benefit/risk ratio  with high efficacy and low toxicity.The confirmation of an improvement in 18-month survival  compared to the data already presented  by the company  at 12 months  reinforces our confidence in the ongoing development  notably the results of the current Phase 3 trial  stated HervÃ© Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma. Beyond the significant impact for patients  this advancement distinguishes our treatment in a context where current options offer only limited benefits and lead to severe complications. Anticipating a positive Phase 3 outcome and a potential commercial launch in 2026  we aim to capture a substantial share of the market for third-line patients  thereby marking a turning point in the management of this condition.MaaT013  a pooled-donor microbiome ecosystem therapy  has been awarded Orphan Drug Designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) due to the rarity of the disease  underscoring the need for therapeutic advances.MaaT Pharma also presented its ongoing Phase 2b trial design for MaaT033 developed as an adjunctive therapy to enhance OS in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. This international  multi-center trial (NCT05762211) is the largest randomized controlled study to date of a microbiome-based therapy in oncology  spanning up to 56 sites and aiming to enroll 387 patients.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma initiated an open-label  single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  building on the positive results of its Phase 2 proof-of-concept study. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint ®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company's Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as target  believe  expect  aim  intend  may  anticipate  estimate  plan  project  will  can have  likely  should  would  could and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Abedin et al  2021View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414046562/en/MaaT Pharma “ Investor RelationsGuilhaume DEBROAS  Ph.D.Head of Investor Relations+33 6 16 48 92 50invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma “ Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 14 06 45 92media@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications “ Corporate CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orPriscillia PERRIN+49 151 7441 6179maat@trophic.euSource: MaaT Pharma",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.25,0.3,True,English,"['Clear Overall Survival Advantage', 'Positive 18-month Data', 'Early Access Program', 'MaaT Pharma', '2024 EBMT Event', 'MaaT013', 'aGvHD', 'Investing', 'com', 'steroid-dependent (SD) gastrointestinal acute graft', 'MaaT Pharma Early Access Program', 'ongoing Phase 3 ARES clinical trial', 'persistent unmet medical need', 'Very Good Partial Response', 'Dr. Jaime Sanz Caballer', 'Bone Marrow Transplant Unit', 'Gastrointestinal overall response rate', 'Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'durable response rate', 'acute graft-versus-host disease', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'Phase 3 ARES trial', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies™', '50th Annual Meeting', 'other available therapies', 'standard immunosuppressive drugs', 'promising immuno-restorative approach', 'strong safety profile', 'favorable benefit/risk ratio', 'promising extended outcomes', 'high response rate', 'current Phase 3 trial', 'highest overall survival', 'poor survival outcomes', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Long-term survival data', 'third-line treatment options', 'Overall Survival (OS', '42% overall survival', 'Complete Response', 'positive Phase', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'Dr. Malard', 'ongoing development', 'current options', 'patient outcomes', '18-month survival', 'safety results', 'disease burden', 'current treatments', '3rd line', 'ruxolitinib-refractory GI-aGvHD', 'primary endpoint', 'mid Q4-20', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'European Society', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'Sorbonne University', 'Prof. Malard', 'clear reduction', 'reduced toxicity', 'treatment initiation', 'University Hospital', 'La Fe', 'urgent demand', 'innovative solutions', 'full details', 'ruxolitinib- refractory', 'positive review', 'low toxicity', 'HervÃ© Affagard', 'significant impact', 'limited benefits', 'severe complications', 'Positive efficacy', 'remarkable efficacy', 'The Company', 'high efficacy', '14-17 April', 'global ORR', 'following results', 'oral presentation', 'similar population', 'aGvHD patients', '140 patients', 'MaaT013', 'EAP', 'GI-ORR', 'Day', '18 months', 'D28', 'D56', 'evidence', 'literature', 'Abedin', 'corticosteroid', 'LYON', 'France', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'cancer', 'summary', 'Blood', 'EBMT', 'Glasgow', 'Scotland', 'Professor', 'Hematology', 'Paris', 'abstract', 'website', 'event', 'VGPR', 'resistance', 'effect', '3 doses', 'less', '2 weeks', 'quality', 'life', 'feedback', 'Hematologist', 'coordinator', 'Valencia', 'Spain', '12 months', 'organs', '24% CR', '6 months', 'responders', 'subset', 'half', 'NCT04769895', 'DSMB', 'confirmation', 'improvement', 'confidence', 'CEO', 'founder', 'advancement', 'context']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investing.com
39282,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EKINOPS-13006398/news/Ekinops-Q1-2024-revenue-28-3-m--46438007/,Ekinops Q1 2024 revenue: 28.3 m,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  April 15  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS   a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  has published its consolidated revenue for Q1 2024 .       €m - IFRSConsolidated data...…,"PARIS  April 15  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  has published its consolidated revenue for Q1 2024 (January 1 - March 31  2024).€m - IFRSConsolidated data (non-audited) 2023 2024 Change Q1 revenue 31.9 28.3 -11 %In Q1 2024  Ekinops' consolidated revenue totaled 28.3 m€  down as expected compared to Q1 2023(-11%)  given a high basis for comparison (reminder: +15% quarterly growth last year).This level of quarterly revenue is in line with the Q3 and Q4 2023 trend (27.8 m€ and 30.3 m€ respectively)  in an economic environment that remains slow.The quarterly performance is identical at constant exchange rates.+3% growth in Access in Q1  decline in Optical TransportAfter three consecutive quarters of decline  sales of Access solutions grew in Q1 2024  with activity up +3% vs. Q1 2023. On a sequential basis  Access sales in Q1 2024 were up +33% vs. Q4 2023.This trend was driven by a rebound in sales in France (+19% in Q1 2024) after a decline of -18% in the domestic market in 2023. Access equipment inventory levels with major operator customers are gradually easing but have not yet returned to usual levels. In EMEA (excluding France)  the other main region for this line of business  sales remain down (-13% in Q1).After a record year in 2023 (+27% growth over the full year)  sales of Optical Transport solutions started 2024 in decline (-27% over the quarter). Beyond the significant base effect with the same quarter last year (+32% growth in Q1 2023)  this downturn is due to telecom operators' cautious investment and network deployment policies  combined with large inventories of optical transport solutions. The launch  in Q2 2024  of the new 800G (800 gigabits per second) optical solution  which will double the capacity of optical links and extend the reach of networks  has also contributed to a wait-and-see attitude among some customers.The share of revenue generated by Software & Services amounted to 15% of quarterly revenue (vs. 14% in Q1 2023 and 17% in FY 2023).Sales up +15% in France in Q1 2024  down -24% internationallyEkinops reported a solid performance in France at the beginning of FY 2024  with quarterly revenue up +15% vs. Q1 2023  driven by a rebound in sales of Access solutions  the Group's core business in its domestic market. Optical Transport solutions posted a quarterly decline of -10% in France  following a hyper-growth of +57% in this business line in FY 2023. In Q1 2024  Ekinops generated 43% of its revenue in France(vs. 32% in FY 2023).Internationally  Ekinops saw a downturn in business at the start of the year in all regions. International business accounted for 57% of total revenue over the quarter (vs. 68% for FY 2023).In North America  quarterly sales totaled 7.0 m€  vs. 6.7 m€ in Q4 2023. This region accounted for 25% of the Group's business activity in Q1 2024 (unchanged from FY 2023). Reminder: Q1 2023 was marked by a historic level of activity (€9.5m  up +86%)  with significant deliveries of optical solutions to a major US service provider  covering 16 states.The EMEA region (Europe - excluding France - Middle East & Africa) posted a -21% decline in quarterly sales  with a more pronounced drop in Optical Transport activity  following strong sales growth in 2023  particularly in Germany and Eastern Europe. The EMEA region accounted for 30% of Ekinops' total business activity in Q1 2024 (vs. 41% for FY 2023).Asia-Pacific  which accounted for a mere 3% of the Group's total business activity in Q1 2024 (vs. 2% for FY 2023)  recorded sales of 0.8 m€  relatively stable over the past three consecutive quarters.Enriching SD-WAN offering: acquisition of Infovista's ""5View"" software suiteEkinops announces the acquisition of the ""5View"" software suite from Infovista  an infrastructure management software editor for mobile and fixed networks.5View is a solution for analyzing application performance across networks. It collects data in real time  stores and aggregates it to provide reports for analyzing problems  service level agreements (SLAs) and long-term network capacity management. It also provides the necessary visibility of application traffic in the context of an SD-WAN solution.5View suite will enable Ekinops to extend its software offering (Compose) for telecom operators and enterprises. 5View will be integrated with Ekinops' SD-WAN solutions  but also brings value to any operator or business seeking to increase visibility over applications in its network  regardless of their network technology.The acquisition of the 5View software suite also strengthens Ekinops' R&D team with 4 engineers  based in France  who will continue to maintain and enhance the solution within the Group's team.The volume of business associated with this acquisition is close to 1 m€  generated from operators and enterprises  located in EMEA (Europe  Middle East & Africa) and Asia-Pacific. Moreover  Ekinops and Infovista signed a commercial agreement enabling the latter to continue integrating and selling 5View software as an integral part of its own network insurance services solutions.With this acquisition  Ekinops can step up its strategy with an enhanced SD-WAN offering and increased Software & Services revenues. In the longer term  the technologies used by the 5View suite could be extended to other sectors requiring high-volume data processing.The acquisition will be carried out in cash  using Ekinops' available cash.Outlook2024 kicked off with a stabilized level of sales comparable to the 2nd half of 2023  against a backdrop of economic slowdown  with limited signs of recovery at this stage.In Access  the improved Q1 sales in France in a context of operators easing equipment inventories is an encouraging sign. The Group confirms that it is aiming for a rebound in Access equipment sales during 2024  both in France and in EMEA  as the economy recovers.In Optical Transport  the launch of the new 800G product and a new OTN (Optical Transport Network) solution should boost business momentum over the coming semesters.Beyond the acquisition of 5View  Ekinops remains committed to external growth  with the objective to carrying out one or more transactions that could augment its R&D staff  strengthen its offering and complete its customer base  with a preference for non-dilutive financing.Full 2024 financial calendar can be found here.All press releases are published after Euronext Paris market close.EKINOPS ContactDidier Brédy  Chairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu Omnes  Investor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frPressAmaury Dugast  Press relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/4649434/Ekinops_Logo.jpgView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-q1-2024-revenue-28-3-m-302117000.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Ekinops Q1 2024 revenue', 'infrastructure management software editor', 'major US service provider', 'past three consecutive quarters', 'Access equipment inventory levels', 'long-term network capacity management', ""Ekinops' R&D team"", 'constant exchange rates', ""Ekinops' total business activity"", 'other main region', 'significant base effect', 'network deployment policies', 'service level agreements', 'Optical Transport solutions', 'Optical Transport activity', '5View"" software suite', '5View software suite', 'The EMEA region', 'second) optical solution', ""Ekinops' SD-WAN solutions"", 'strong sales growth', 'optical solutions', 'usual levels', '5View suite', 'total revenue', 'Access solutions', 'software offering', 'optical links', 'telecommunications solutions', 'major operator', 'significant deliveries', 'network technology', 'SD-WAN offering', 'leading supplier', 'high basis', 'economic environment', 'quarterly performance', 'sequential basis', 'domestic market', 'cautious investment', 'large inventories', 'new 800G', 'solid performance', 'North America', 'historic level', 'Middle East', 'application performance', 'real time', 'application traffic', 'commercial agreement', 'core business', 'International business', 'consolidated revenue', 'quarterly revenue', '+15% quarterly growth', 'telecom operators', 'record year', 'full year', 'Access sales', 'Euronext Paris', 'Consolidated data', 'necessary visibility', 'quarterly sales', 'same quarter', 'Eastern Europe', 'fixed networks', 'business line', 'quarterly decline', 'Q1 revenue', 'Q4 2023 trend', '+3% growth', '32% growth', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'enterprises', 'January', 'March', 'IFRS', 'comparison', 'Q3', 'rebound', 'France', 'customers', 'downturn', 'launch', 'Q2', '800 gigabits', 'reach', 'wait', 'see', 'attitude', 'share', 'Services', 'FY', 'beginning', 'Group', 'hyper-growth', 'start', 'regions', 'Reminder', '16 states', 'Africa', 'pronounced', 'drop', 'Germany', 'Asia-Pacific', 'acquisition', 'Infovista', 'mobile', 'stores', 'reports', 'analyzing', 'problems', 'SLAs', 'context', 'Compose', 'value', 'applications', '4 engineers', 'volume', '1 m', '30.3', '6.7', '0.8']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39283,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHAXIAM-THERAPEUTICS-S-A-159356796/news/PHAXIAM-Therapeutics-announces-enrolment-of-the-first-patient-in-the-phase-1-study-for-the-treatment-46431965/,PHAXIAM Therapeutics announces enrolment of the first patient in the phase 1 study for the treatment of endocarditis infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus,(marketscreener.com) The study plans for the enrolment of 12 patients in 5 French clinical centersFirst study results expected in Q3 2024This study will enable an evaluation of the intravenous administration of phages  particularly adapted to targeting indica…,"The study plans for the enrolment of 12 patients in 5 French clinical centersFirst study results expected in Q3 2024This study will enable an evaluation of the intravenous administration of phages  particularly adapted to targeting indications with very high medical stakes.Lyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  April 15  2024 – 7:30am CEST - PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Nasdaq & Euronext: FR0011471135)  today announces the enrolment of the 1st patient in the phase 1 clinical study in endocarditis infection caused by Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus).Endocarditis is an infection of the endocardium (inner lining of the heart) and valves  usually caused by bacteria. It can lead to heart failure  valve damage and stroke. It remains one of the most fatal heart diseases  with a death rate from 30 to 40%. S. aureus  responsible for around 30%1 of cases  is the main cause of endocarditis infections. Its treatment involves antibiotics  sometimes combined with surgery to repair damage to the heart valves. Given the increase in the incidence and mortality of endocarditis due to S. aureus in the context of growing antibiotic resistance  the development of innovative therapies has become a necessity to control and reduce the mortality rate of infectious endocarditis.The design of PHAXIAM's multicentric phase 1 study in this indication received the necessary approvals from the French regulatory agency ANSM and Sud-Est II-Lyon Ethics committee. The trial plans to enroll 12 patients requiring replacement of an infected heart valve  recruited across 5 French clinical centers (Henri Mondor in Créteil  Hôpital Bichat-Claude Bernard in Paris  University Hospital of Nantes  University Hospital of Nancy and La Pitié-Salpêtrière in Paris).The first patient has been enrolled at Henri Mondor Hospital by the team of Professor Pascal Lim  the study's Principal Investigator. Patients will be treated between 2 and 4 days with a combination of two anti-S. aureus phages  intravenously administered once or twice a day  until the day of surgery. The primary objective of the study is to assess the safety of intravenous administration of PHAXIAM’s phages  to study their pharmacokinetics in the blood and to measure their concentration in the valve resected during surgery.These key data for PHAXIAM and wider for the development of phage therapy will be used to define the optimal intravenous administration method and will also be used for future efficacy studies of phage therapy in indications using this administration pathway. The first results of the study are expected during the 3rd quarter of 2024.Prof. Pascal Lim  Head of Cardiac Intensive Care at Hôpital Henri Mondor and Principal Investigator of the study  stated: ""The treatment of endocarditis infection linked to S. aureus presents many challenges  and we are very pleased to take part in this study  which will evaluate phage therapy for the first time in this highly fatal condition. In this way  we hope to contribute to improving the treatment of patients who often face a therapeutic impasse.”Thibaut du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHAXIAM  concluded: ""The inclusion of the first patient in the phase 1 study in endocarditis infection is a key step in our development strategy  which aims to provide phage therapy to patients suffering from diseases of high medical needs. The first results of this study  expected in Q3 2024  will enable us to analyse the safety and first efficacy signals of our anti-S. aureus phages with intravenous administration  in an indication where reducing mortality  which is still between 30% and 40%  is a major medical challenge. We look forward to these data  which  if positive  will give us a significant competitive advantage and will pave the way for the use of this administration route for our phages in other indications with significant unmet medical needs  such as bacteraemia.”About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical programs  development plans  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of PHAXIAM and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHAXIAM's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Investor should carefully read the risk factors section of the Company which can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  including in the Company’s 2023 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 5  2024 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. PHAXIAM disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in PHAXIAM’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.1 Selton-Suty C.  Célard M.  Le Moing V.  et al. Preeminence of Staphylococcus aureus in infective endocarditis: a 1-year population-based survey. Clin Infect Dis 2012; 54 : 1230-9.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.24,0.23,0.52,True,English,"['PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'first patient', 'phase 1 study', 'endocarditis infections', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'enrolment', 'treatment', 'La Pitié-Salpêtrière', 'Sud-Est II-Lyon Ethics committee', 'Hôpital Bichat-Claude Bernard', 'Dušan Orešanský', 'Arthur Rouillé Media Relations', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Hôpital Henri Mondor', 'optimal intravenous administration method', 'high medical needs', 'Thibaut du Fayet', 'significant competitive advantage', 'high medical stakes', 'major medical challenge', '5 French clinical centers', 'growing antibiotic resistance', 'French regulatory agency', 'Professor Pascal Lim', 'future efficacy studies', 'Prof. Pascal Lim', 'Cardiac Intensive Care', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'natural bacterial-killing viruses', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'Henri Mondor Hospital', 'first efficacy signals', 'many serious infections', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'Euronext regulated market', 'phase 1 clinical study', 'multicentric phase 1 study', 'fatal heart diseases', 'First study results', 'Investor Relations', 'first results', 'many challenges', 'fatal condition', 'endocarditis infections', 'University Hospital', 'first patient', 'first time', 'administration pathway', '7:30am CEST', '1st patient', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'S. aureus', 'inner lining', 'heart failure', 'death rate', 'main cause', 'innovative therapies', 'necessary approvals', 'Créteil', 'Principal Investigator', 'primary objective', 'phage therapy', '3rd quarter', 'therapeutic impasse', 'key step', 'innovative treatments', 'innovative approach', 'Escherichia coli', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'press release', 'looking statements', 'infectious endocarditis', 'heart valve', 'two anti-S.', 'key data', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'dangerous bacteria', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'Forward-looking information', 'mortality rate', 'development strategy', 'other indications', 'aureus phages', 'valve damage', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'valves', 'enrolment', '12 patients', 'Q3', 'evaluation', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'endocardium', 'stroke', 'cases', 'antibiotics', 'surgery', 'increase', 'incidence', 'context', 'necessity', 'design', 'ANSM', 'trial', 'replacement', 'Paris', 'Nantes', 'Nancy', 'team', '4 days', 'combination', 'safety', 'pharmacokinetics', 'blood', 'concentration', 'Head', 'part', 'inclusion', 'route', 'bacteraemia', 'portfolio', 'two-thirds', 'ticker', 'PHXM', 'Contacts', 'COO', 'CFO', 'NewCap', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', '30%1']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39284,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORVIA-EX-FAURECIA-4647/news/FORVIA-MAKES-FURTHER-PROGRESS-IN-THE-EXECUTION-OF-ITS-SECOND-1BN-ASSET-DISPOSAL-PROGRAM-46437467/,FORVIA MAKES FURTHER PROGRESS IN THE EXECUTION OF ITS SECOND 1BN ASSET DISPOSAL PROGRAM,(marketscreener.com) NANTERRE APRIL 15  2024 FORVIA MAKES FURTHER PROGRESS IN THE EXECUTION OF ITS SECOND €1BN ASSET DISPOSAL PROGRAM WITH AN AGREEMENT TO SELL HUG ENGINEERING Following FORVIA HELLA’s announcement  on April 2  of the closing of the sale of it…,NANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 15  2024FORVIA MAKES FURTHER PROGRESS IN THE EXECUTION OF ITS SECOND €1BN ASSET DISPOSAL PROGRAM WITH AN AGREEMENT TO SELL HUG ENGINEERINGFollowing FORVIA HELLA’s announcement  on April 2  of the closing of the sale of its 50% stake in BHTC to AUO Corporation  representing €205 million of cash proceeds  FORVIA today makes further progress in the execution of its second €1 billion asset disposal program by announcing an agreement to transfer its 100%-owned subsidiary Hug Engineering to the Belgian OGEPAR Group for an enterprise value of c. €55 million. Hug Engineering is a major player in depollution systems for high horsepower engines  currently part of FORVIA’s Clean Mobility business group.Combined proceeds from the closing of the disposal by FORVIA HELLA of its stake in BHTC and expected proceeds from the newly signed transaction  whose closing is expected by the end of June 2024  should represent a total amount of c. €250 million of cash proceeds or c. 25% of the second disposal program for €1 billion that was announced by FORVIA in October 2023  designed to accelerate the Group’s deleveraging.As a reminder  in less than two years  between the acquisition of HELLA in February 2022 and the end of 2023  FORVIA had already significantly reduced its net financial debt by €1.4 billion and its Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio by 100bps (from 3.1x at the end of June 2022 to 2.1x at the end of December 2023).Today’s announcement will contribute to reduce the Group’s financial expense and accelerate deleveraging  while further strengthening and simplifying the Group’s portfolio.The second disposal program will contribute improving the Groups’ Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio objective beyond the “below 1.5x at December 31 2025”  that was part of the POWER25 plan presented at the Capital Markets Day in November 2022.PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Influence Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYGroup Deputy Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 26 89 33 69sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With around 260 industrial sites and 78 R&D centers  over 150 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 13 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group achieved a consolidated revenue of 27.25 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comAttachment,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['SECOND 1BN ASSET DISPOSAL PROGRAM', 'FORVIA MAKES', 'FURTHER PROGRESS', 'EXECUTION', 'ITS', 'SECOND €1BN ASSET DISPOSAL PROGRAM', '7th global automotive technology supplier', 'Groups’ Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio', 'second €1 billion asset disposal program', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Influence Director', 'Deputy Investor Relations Director', 'Sébastien LEROY Group', 'Clean Mobility business group', 'Marc MAILLET Group Head', 'second disposal program', 'net financial debt', 'high horsepower engines', 'Capital Markets Day', '78 R&D centers', '15,000 R&D engineers', 'Euronext Paris market', 'FRVIA mnemonic code', 'Belgian OGEPAR Group', 'CAC SBT 1.5° indices', 'strong IP portfolio', '6 business groups', 'automotive challenges', '27.25 billion euros', 'mobility experiences', 'complementary technology', 'mobility transformation', 'financial expense', 'CAC Next', 'HUG ENGINEERING', 'AUO Corporation', '100%-owned subsidiary', 'enterprise value', 'major player', 'depollution systems', 'total amount', 'two years', 'POWER25 plan', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'industrial strengths', '260 industrial sites', '40+ countries', 'comprehensive approach', 'preferred innovation', 'integration partner', 'consolidated revenue', 'change maker', 'cash proceeds', 'Combined proceeds', 'FURTHER PROGRESS', 'FORVIA MAKES', 'FORVIA SE', 'FORVIA HELLA', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'APRIL', 'EXECUTION', 'ITS', 'AGREEMENT', 'SELL', 'announcement', 'closing', 'sale', '50% stake', 'BHTC', 'transaction', 'end', 'June', 'October', 'deleveraging', 'reminder', 'less', 'acquisition', 'February', '100bps', 'December', 'November', 'sebastien', 'mission', 'people', 'Faurecia', 'unique', 'today', 'tomorrow', '13,000 patents', 'OEMS', 'component', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39285,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACTICOR-BIOTECH-SAS-128303565/news/Acticor-Biotech-will-Present-the-Clinical-Results-of-Its-Phase-2-3-ACTISAVE-Study-in-the-Treatment-o-46437514/,Acticor Biotech will Present the Clinical Results of Its Phase 2/3 ACTISAVE Study in the Treatment of Stroke at ESOC 2024,(marketscreener.com) Results of ACTISAVE phase 2/3 clinical study in stroke expected in Q2 2024Presentation of results during ESOC from 15 to 17 May 2024https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACTICOR-BIOTECH-SAS-128303565/news/Acticor-Biotech-wil…,"Results of ACTISAVE phase 2/3 clinical study in stroke expected in Q2 2024 Presentation of results during ESOC from 15 to 17 May 2024Regulatory News:ACTICOR BIOTECH (ISIN: FR0014005OJ5 – ALACT)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing glenzocimab  an innovative drug for the treatment of cardiovascular emergencies  focusing stroke  announces today its participation in the European Stroke Organization Conference (ESOC) 2024  to be held from 15 to 17 May 2024 in Basel  Switzerland.ESOC is the leading European forum for stroke research and the preferred platform for the publication of major clinical trial data.At this conference  the Company will present the results of its phase 2/3 ACTISAVE study  which is evaluating glenzocimab in the treatment of stroke: “ACTISAVE Clinical Trial: Efficacy and Satefy of Glenzocimab on Top of Thrombolysis with or without Mechanical Thrombectomy” - Abstract N°357 - Presentation by Pr. Martin Köhrmann.As a reminder  ACTISAVE (NCT05070260) is an international  adaptive  multicenter  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel-group Phase 2/3 study evaluating the safety and efficacy of a single dose of glenzocimab used in combination with the standard of care (thrombolysis +/- thrombectomy) for acute ischemic stroke. Deployed in the United States  Europe  Israel  and United Kingdom  ACTISAVE has enrolled 438 patients  of whom about 40% have undergone mechanical thrombectomy.Sophie BINAY  Chief Operating Officer and Chief Scientific Officer  stated: ""We are looking forward to the results of our phase 2/3 clinical trial ACTISAVE in stroke  which we expect to be available in the next few weeks and which will represent a major milestone for Acticor Biotech  its collaborators  investigators  stakeholders and above all for stroke patients. These results will be presented at ESOC 2024  Europe's leading stroke research conference. We are convinced that glenzocimab is a promising drug candidate for tackling the major global medical challenge represented by stroke.”About ACTICOR BIOTECHActicor Biotech is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing glenzocimab  an innovative drug for the treatment of cardiovascular emergencies  particularly ischemic stroke.Positive results from the phase 1b/2a study  ACTIMIS  published in January 2024 in the Lancet Neurology (link to publication) confirmed the safety profile of glenzocimab and showed a reduction in mortality and intracerebral haemorrhage in the glenzocimab-treated group of stroke patients. These results were confirmed by a post-hoc analysis of brain imaging at 0 and 24 hours using artificial intelligence (Brainomix  UK). This independent analysis confirmed the reduction in the number and volume of intracerebral lesions in patients treated with glenzocimab.The efficacy of glenzocimab is currently being evaluated in a phase 2/3 international trial  ACTISAVE  with clinical results expected in the 2nd quarter of 2024.In July 2022  Acticor Biotech obtained ""PRIME"" status from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for glenzocimab in the treatment of stroke. This designation enables the company to strengthen its interactions and obtain early dialogues with regulatory authorities.Acticor Biotech is backed by a panel of European and international investors (Mediolanum farmaceutici  Karista  Go Capital  Newton Biocapital  CMS Medical Venture Investment (HK) Limited  A&B (HK) Limited  Anaxago  and the Armesa Foundation) and has been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since November 2021 (ISIN: FR0014005OJ5 - ALACT).For further information  please visit : https://www.acticor-biotech.com/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240415887570/en/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.49,0.38,0.13,True,English,"['Phase 2/3 ACTISAVE Study', 'Acticor Biotech', 'Clinical Results', 'Treatment', 'Stroke', 'ESOC', 'international, adaptive, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group Phase 2/3 study', 'ACTISAVE phase 2/3 clinical study', 'phase 2/3 international trial', 'phase 2/3 ACTISAVE study', 'phase 2/3 clinical trial', 'Pr. Martin Köhrmann', 'CMS Medical Venture Investment', 'major global medical challenge', 'major clinical trial data', 'phase 1b/2a study', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'European Stroke Organization Conference', 'leading stroke research conference', 'ACTISAVE Clinical Trial', 'leading European forum', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'European Medicines Agency', 'promising drug candidate', 'acute ischemic stroke', 'international investors', 'major milestone', 'clinical results', 'innovative drug', 'ACTICOR BIOTECH', 'cardiovascular emergencies', 'preferred platform', 'single dose', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'Sophie BINAY', 'Lancet Neurology', 'intracerebral haemorrhage', 'glenzocimab-treated group', 'post-hoc analysis', 'brain imaging', 'artificial intelligence', 'independent analysis', 'intracerebral lesions', '2nd quarter', 'PRIME"" status', 'early dialogues', 'regulatory authorities', 'Mediolanum farmaceutici', 'Go Capital', 'Newton Biocapital', 'HK) Limited', 'A&B', 'Armesa Foundation', 'source version', 'Mechanical Thrombectomy', 'Regulatory News', 'safety profile', 'stroke patients', 'Positive results', '438 patients', 'Q2', 'Presentation', 'ESOC', '17 May', 'FR0014005OJ5', 'ALACT', 'treatment', 'participation', 'Basel', 'Switzerland', 'publication', 'Efficacy', 'Satefy', 'Top', 'Thrombolysis', 'Abstract', 'reminder', 'combination', 'standard', 'care', 'Israel', 'weeks', 'collaborators', 'investigators', 'stakeholders', 'ACTIMIS', 'January', 'link', 'reduction', 'mortality', '24 hours', 'Brainomix', 'UK', 'number', 'volume', 'July', 'EMA', 'designation', 'interactions', 'panel', 'Karista', 'Anaxago', 'November', 'information', 'acticor-biotech', 'View', 'businesswire', '15']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39286,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2863115/0/en/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Final-NAV.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/03/2024.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.5528 £ 24.6493 Final MTD return -0.18 % -0.08 % Final YTD return 0.02 % 0.32 % Final ITD return 175.53 % 146.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39287,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2863114/0/en/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Final-NAV.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/03/2024.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.5528 £ 24.6493 Final MTD return -0.18 % -0.08 % Final YTD return 0.02 % 0.32 % Final ITD return 175.53 % 146.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39288,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-CRITICAL-MATERIALS-N--55482/news/AMG-Critical-Materials-N-V-Completes-Issuance-of-100-Million-Incremental-Term-Loan-46438587/,AMG Critical Materials N.V. Completes Issuance of $100 Million Incremental Term Loan,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  15 April 2024 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. is pleased to announce that it has entered into a new $100 million incremental term loan  structured as a fungible add-on to the existing $350 million senior secured term loan. The …,"Amsterdam  15 April 2024 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") is pleased to announce that it has entered into a new $100 million incremental term loan  structured as a fungible add-on to the existing $350 million senior secured term loan. The $100 million incremental term loan has the same pricing  terms and 2028 maturity as the existing $350 million term loan. AMG will use the proceeds of the new incremental term loan for general corporate purposes and lithium resource development.Moody’s Investors Service affirmed our Ba2 rating to the increased senior secured term loan  affirmed our B1 corporate family rating  and changed their outlook to stable from positive. S&P Global Ratings affirmed our BB- rating on the increased senior secured term loan  affirmed our B+ issuer credit rating  and revised their outlook to stable from positive.The financing was well received in the debt markets  allowing AMG to secure attractive pricing while enhancing liquidity  improving flexibility and funding future growth opportunities.HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. (“HSBC”) acted as lead left arranger and bookrunner on the transaction. The joint lead arrangers were HSBC and Citibank  N.A.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.3,0.3,0.4,True,English,"['AMG Critical Materials N.V.', '$100 Million Incremental Term Loan', 'Issuance', 'existing $350 million senior secured term loan', 'new $100 million incremental term loan', 'existing $350 million term loan', 'new incremental term loan', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'B+ issuer credit rating', 'B1 corporate family rating', 'other end use markets', 'other forward looking statements', 'general corporate purposes', 'energy storage materials', 'lead left arranger', 'joint lead arrangers', 'oil refining residues', 'growing LIVA batteries', 'related process technologies', 'aerospace engine sector', 'mineral processing operations', 'customer service offices', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'future growth opportunities', 'lithium value chain', 'world market leader', 'lithium resource development', 'N.A.', 'Ba2 rating', 'BB- rating', 'debt markets', 'other information', 'future operations', 'Investors Service', 'aerospace engines', 'Technologies segment', 'Lithium segment', 'future revenues', 'fungible add', 'same pricing', 'attractive pricing', 'USA) Inc.', 'engineered systems', 'chrome businesses', 'advanced metallurgy', 'equipment engineering', 'engineering home', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'capital expenditures', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'historical information', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'financing needs', 'inherent risks', 'HSBC Securities', 'production facilities', 'Vanadium segment', 'terms', '2028 maturity', 'proceeds', 'Moody', 'outlook', 'liquidity', 'flexibility', 'bookrunner', 'transaction', 'Citibank', 'mission', 'tantalum', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'Company', 'titanium', 'graphite', 'antimony', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39289,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2862689/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Apr 08  2024 to Apr...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Apr 08  2024 to Apr 12  2024AMSTERDAM – April 15  2024 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Apr 08  2024 to Apr 12  2024 (the “Period”)  of 190 000 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 39.3620 and for an overall price of EUR 7 478 783.50.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into equity instruments.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 8-Apr-24 35 000 38.9696 1 363 936.00 XPAR 9-Apr-24 35 000 39.3886 1 378 601.00 XPAR 10-Apr-24 35 000 39.8208 1 393 728.00 XPAR 11-Apr-24 35 000 39.4221 1 379 773.50 XPAR 12-Apr-24 50 000 39.2549 1 962 745.00 XPAR Total for Period 190 000 39.3620 7 478 783.50Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 10 771 907 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.2% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.03,0.48,0.49,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'debt financial instruments', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'equity instruments', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '190,000 ordinary shares', 'Further information', 'Period Dates', '10,771,907 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Apr', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39290,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2863009/0/en/Weekly-report-TEN-share-buyback-from-April-8-to-April-12-2024.html,Weekly report TEN share buyback from April 8 to April 12  2024,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from April 8  2024  to April 12  2024.,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from April 8  2024  to April 12  2024.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Regarding shares to be cancelled:Name of the Issuer Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/8/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/9/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/10/2024 NL0014559478 13 399 22 944684 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/11/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 546965 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/12/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 879319 XPAR TOTAL 55 399 22 769144Regarding shares to be used to fulfil the company’s obligations under equity compensation plans:Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/8/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/9/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/10/2024 NL0014559478 7 963 22 957863 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/11/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 548613 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 4/12/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 876607 XPAR TOTAL 25 963 22 787830For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter.For further information: www.ten.com.ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 203 429 3929Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['TEN share buyback', 'Weekly report', 'April', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'robust project delivery model', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Phillip Lindsay Vice-President', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'Technip Energies shares', 'equity compensation plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'growing market positions', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Issuer Identity code', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Identity Day', 'MIC Code', 'shares Market', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'discretionary mandate', 'Issuer Day', 'financial instrument', 'detailed declaration', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'Investors relations', 'shares purchases', 'buyback program', 'detailed information', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Technology company', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'April', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'number', 'obligations', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39291,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMTECH-TELECOMMUNICATION-8827/news/Comtech-Partners-with-Eutelsat-OneWeb-to-Deliver-LEO-Connectivity-Services-to-Antarctica-46435822/,Comtech Partners with Eutelsat OneWeb to Deliver LEO Connectivity Services to Antarctica,(marketscreener.com) April 15  2024 -- Comtech   a global technology leader  in partnership with Eutelsat OneWeb  GEO-LEO connectivity provider in satellite communications  announces trial services to deliver Low Earth Orbit satellite connectivity services t…,April 15  2024 -- Comtech (NASDAQ: CMTL)  a global technology leader  in partnership with Eutelsat OneWeb  GEO-LEO connectivity provider in satellite communications  announces trial services to deliver Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite connectivity services to multiple regions of Antarctica.Launched in January 2024  the service provides connectivity to customers in Antarctica. Through this trial  Comtech’s market-leading ELEVATE VSAT ground system supported Eutelsat OneWeb’s ability to deliver groundbreaking LEO connectivity services  with data rates reaching up to 120 Mbps  to one of the most challenging geographic regions in the world. Comtech worked with Eutelsat OneWeb to configure and install the company’s ELEVATE ground system to simultaneously route robust and resilient connectivity services over multiple OneWeb LEO satellites.“This is a remarkable achievement—not only for the satellite industry  but also for the broader scientific  technology  and connectivity markets around the world ” said John Ratigan  Interim CEO of Comtech. “We are thrilled to partner with OneWeb to deliver LEO connectivity services to Antarctica  which further demonstrates the advanced capabilities of our ELEVATE VSAT ground system. With proprietary software-defined technology embedded at the core  we are continuing to build out network agnostic capabilities of our ELEVATE system to meet the future demands of innovative satellite constellations and hybrid network infrastructures.”This trial showcased the importance of high-speed  low latency connectivity for the scientific community and wider Antarctic region. Through satellite-based LEO connectivity services  like those provided by Comtech and Eutelsat OneWeb  scientists in Antarctica can better conduct day-to-day activities by facilitating real-time support from scientific  technical or health teams around the world. LEO connectivity services also have the potential to improve the welfare of the scientists  outside of working hours  as they are often deployed for 18 months at a time in one of the most remote and geographically challenging areas of the world.Comtech’s ELEVATE ground system is a transportable  software defined VSAT system  which is proven to provide commercial and government customers with access to high-speed connectivity across diverse satellite constellations in multiple orbits. ELEVATE is designed to identify  collect and route data from multiple satellite constellations and orbits as well as deliver next generation capabilities like 4K video streaming and voice services.About ComtechComtech Telecommunications Corp. (Comtech) is a leading global technology company providing terrestrial and wireless network solutions  next-generation 9-1-1 emergency services  satellite and space communications technologies  and cloud native capabilities to commercial and government customers around the world. Our unique culture of innovation and employee empowerment unleashes a relentless passion for customer success. Comtech leverages our global presence  technology leadership  and decades of experience to create the world’s most innovative communications solutions. For more information  please visit www.comtech.com.About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of Eutelsat and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 36 Geostationary satellites and a Low Orbit earth constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit and on-ground assets enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 from 50 different nationalities. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Forward-Looking StatementsCertain information in this press release contains statements that are forward-looking in nature and involve certain significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and performance could differ materially from such forward-looking information. The Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings identify many such risks and uncertainties. Any forward-looking information in this press release is qualified in its entirety by the risks and uncertainties described in such Securities and Exchange Commission filings.PCMTLView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240415647328/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.31,0.32,True,English,"['LEO Connectivity Services', 'Comtech Partners', 'Eutelsat OneWeb', 'Antarctica', 'leading ELEVATE VSAT ground system', 'next-generation 9-1-1 emergency services', 'Low Orbit earth constellation', 'groundbreaking LEO connectivity services', 'high-speed, low latency connectivity', 'satellite-based LEO connectivity services', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'leading global technology company', 'LEO) satellite connectivity services', 'multiple OneWeb LEO satellites', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'London Stock Exchange', 'ELEVATE ground system', 'Exchange Commission filings', 'proprietary software-defined technology', 'hybrid network infrastructures', 'wider Antarctic region', 'geographically challenging areas', 'four key verticals', 'GEO-LEO connectivity provider', 'resilient connectivity services', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'wireless network solutions', 'innovative satellite constellations', 'diverse satellite constellations', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'challenging geographic regions', 'network agnostic capabilities', 'next generation capabilities', 'space communications technologies', 'multiple satellite constellations', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'innovative communications solutions', 'global technology leader', '4K video streaming', 'Comtech Telecommunications Corp.', 'VSAT system', 'ELEVATE system', 'high-speed connectivity', 'ground assets', 'multiple regions', 'global leader', 'satellite communications', 'voice services', 'technology leadership', 'broadcast services', 'Government Services', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'integrated solutions', 'global presence', 'satellite industry', 'advanced capabilities', 'native capabilities', '36 Geostationary satellites', 'trial services', 'multiple orbits', 'global customers', 'remarkable achievement', 'John Ratigan', 'Interim CEO', 'future demands', 'scientific community', 'day activities', 'real-time support', 'scientific, technical', 'health teams', 'working hours', 'transportable, software', 'unique culture', 'employee empowerment', 'relentless passion', 'customer success', '6,500 television channels', 'unique suite', '50 different nationalities', 'digital divide', 'press release', 'Actual results', 'source version', 'Eutelsat OneWeb', 'Eutelsat Group', 'The Group', 'The Company', 'government customers', 'data rates', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'forward-looking information', 'significant risks', '600 satellites', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'CMTL', 'partnership', 'Antarctica', 'January', 'ability', '120 Mbps', 'world', 'robust', 'core', 'importance', 'scientists', 'potential', 'welfare', '18 months', 'remote', 'commercial', 'access', 'terrestrial', 'cloud', 'innovation', 'decades', 'experience', 'combination', 'fleet', 'needs', 'ticker', 'ETL', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Securities', 'entirety', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39292,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/15/sumitomo-mitsui-trust-holdings-inc-increases-stock-position-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Stock Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 12.8% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor own…,Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 12.8% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 879 773 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 100 033 shares during the quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. owned about 0.50% of Public Storage worth $268 331 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of PSA. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $670 512 000. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Public Storage by 111 535.5% in the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1 246 968 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $349 388 000 after purchasing an additional 1 245 851 shares in the last quarter. Second Half Financial Partners LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the third quarter valued at approximately $290 129 000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in Public Storage by 63.6% in the first quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $832 580 000 after purchasing an additional 1 071 347 shares in the last quarter. Finally  JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Public Storage by 29.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3 168 763 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $835 032 000 after purchasing an additional 729 262 shares in the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsSeveral research firms have commented on PSA. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. BMO Capital Markets lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday  March 19th. Scotiabank lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  March 18th. The Goldman Sachs Group lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  January 11th. Finally  Barclays began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  March 27th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 price target on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating  seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $305.00.Public Storage Stock Down 1.1 %Shares of Public Storage stock opened at $272.14 on Monday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a current ratio of 0.62. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $233.18 and a 52-week high of $312.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $47.81 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.61  a P/E/G ratio of 3.57 and a beta of 0.54. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $282.62 and its 200-day moving average price is $276.56.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.15 by ($1.94). The company had revenue of $1.16 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.34% and a return on equity of 35.31%. The business’s revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year  the firm earned $4.16 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.93 EPS for the current year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe business also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  March 28th. Investors of record on Wednesday  March 13th were issued a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.41%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  March 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 108.50%.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.42,0.57,True,English,"['Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc.', 'Stock Position', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'Second Half Financial Partners LLC', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc.', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'real estate investment trust', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'average price target', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'New Price Targets', 'Several research firms', 'sector perform” rating', 'other institutional investors', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'dividend payout ratio', 'quarterly earnings results', 'strong buy rating', 'Equities research analysts', 'recent filing', 'Public Storage Stock', 'net margin', '$250.00 price target', '$330.00 price target', 'quarterly dividend', 'Norges Bank', 'buy” rating', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'research note', 'Moderate Buy', 'sell” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'One analyst', 'MarketBeat.com', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market capitalization', 'consensus estimate', 'ex-dividend date', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'third quarter', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'new stake', 'year basis', 'current year', 'equity ratio', 'United States', 'additional 100,033 shares', 'additional 1,245,851 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'additional 729,262 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '$3.00 dividend', '40 states', '879,773 shares', '1,246,968 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '3,168,763 shares', 'Securities', 'number', 'Co.', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'Thursday', 'January', 'Barclays', 'Wednesday', 'data', 'debt', 'beta', 'February', 'revenue', 'return', 'business', '16.93 EPS', 'record', 'yield', 'DPR', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '45.', '35.31']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,etfdailynews.com
39293,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46431967/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9638 £ 25.0285 Estimated MTD return 1.55 % 1.61 % Estimated YTD return 1.51 % 1.87 % Estimated ITD return 179.64 % 150.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.74 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.10 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.7756 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.2482The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39294,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/15/sumitomo-life-insurance-co-sells-213-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Sells 213 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. decreased its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.8% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4 240 shares of the real estate invest…,Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. decreased its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.8% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4 240 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 213 shares during the quarter. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $1 293 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of PSA. Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new position in shares of Public Storage during the first quarter worth $26 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at $29 000. Private Ocean LLC lifted its position in Public Storage by 5 450.0% during the fourth quarter. Private Ocean LLC now owns 111 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $34 000 after purchasing an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Live Oak Investment Partners bought a new position in Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at $34 000. Finally  Centerpoint Advisors LLC bought a new position in Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at $35 000. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesSeveral research firms have commented on PSA. Truist Financial increased their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  December 28th. The Goldman Sachs Group raised their target price on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  January 11th. Barclays started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Wednesday  March 27th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 price target on the stock. Raymond James upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday  March 28th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company upgraded shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price target for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a report on Friday  April 5th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating  seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $305.00.Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of NYSE PSA opened at $272.14 on Monday. The company has a current ratio of 0.62  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $312.80. The company has a 50 day simple moving average of $282.62 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $276.56. The stock has a market cap of $47.81 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.61  a PEG ratio of 3.57 and a beta of 0.54.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.15 by ($1.94). The business had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.34% and a return on equity of 35.31%. The business’s revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year  the firm posted $4.16 earnings per share. As a group  analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.93 earnings per share for the current year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe business also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  March 28th. Investors of record on Wednesday  March 13th were issued a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.41%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  March 12th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 108.50%.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.', 'Public Storage', '213 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', '50 day simple moving average', 'Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.', 'real estate investment trust', 'Live Oak Investment Partners', 'seven Western European nations', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Shares', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Private Ocean LLC', 'Centerpoint Advisors LLC', 'latest 13F filings', 'other hedge funds', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'average target price', 'Several research firms', 'equal weight” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'market perform” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Daily', 'other institutional investors', 'strong buy rating', 'Get Free Report', 'quarterly earnings data', 'net margin', 'Shurgard brand', 'recent quarter', 'quarterly dividend', 'market cap', 'buy” rating', '$330.00 price target', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'Moderate Buy', 'price objective', 'research report', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Truist Financial', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'One analyst', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'analyst estimates', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'insider trades', 'new position', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'earnings ratio', 'year basis', 'same quarter', 'previous year', 'current year', 'December 28th', 'MarketBeat.com', '12 month low', 'United States', 'additional 109 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', '$3.00 dividend', '4.16 earnings', '16.93 earnings', '40 states', '4,240 shares', '213 shares', '111 shares', 'stake', 'company', 'holdings', 'number', 'Downgrades', 'Thursday', 'January', 'Barclays', 'coverage', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'Friday', 'Monday', 'debt', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'business', 'revenue', 'return', 'analysts', 'record', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'News', 'Ratings', '45.', '35.31']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,etfdailynews.com
39295,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/15/2863062/0/en/AMA-teams-up-with-Open-Bee-to-secure-and-archive-critical-XpertEye-data-with-probatory-vocation.html,AMA teams up with Open Bee to secure and archive critical XpertEye data with probatory vocation,AMA teams up with Open Bee to secure and archive critical XpertEye data with probatory vocation  Rennes  France – April 15th 2024 - AMA CORPORATION PLC......,"AMA teams up with Open Bee to secure and archive critical XpertEye data with probatory vocationRennes  France – April 15th 2024 - AMA CORPORATION PLC (""AMA"") (ISIN GB00BNKGC5 - mnemo ALAMA) is proud to announce a strategic partnership with Open Bee  a leader in secure digital archiving technology. This collaboration marks a significant step forward in ensuring AMA’s XE aR+ data integrity and security across several industries.Giving legal value to digital filesOpen Bee offers a secure  legally binding way of sharing and archiving content generated by XE aR+  including images  video and audio recordings  by adding an immutable digital fingerprint to each file for guaranteed data integrity  security  and authenticity. This integrated approach protects organizations in case of litigation and ensures compliance with standards such as NF Z42-026  avoiding multiple copies and maintaining a single  reliable digitized original copy.Managing electronic documentsAnother key element of this partnership is the ability to automatically classify and securely store XpertEye data in Open Bee's digital management system (DMS)  or to store it in a dedicated safe. All files are filed uniformly throughout the company. This enables files to be searched quickly and easily so that they can be shared securely without compromising their integrity.Broad applications across industriesThe partnership between AMA and Open Bee enables multiple applications  significantly improving data security and integrity in sectors such as audits and compliance  inspections and quality control  assistance and customer support  and legal and administrative proceedings.For instance  in the context of logistics and supply chain management  the certification of container sealing can now be securely recorded and verified  ensuring that the integrity of goods is maintained from point A to point B. Similarly  in the field of service and maintenance  the new feature allows for a transparent and verifiable record of all maintenance activities performed  ensuring that all service requirements meet the required standards. These use cases highlight how the AMA and Open Bee partnership not only enhances customer service but also offers certified digital evidence for legal and administrative purposes  adding a new layer of trust and efficiency to these critical processes.Thomas Waendendries  VP Sales & Marketing at AMA comments “The seamless integration of the secure storage solution of Open Bee  available as of today  underlines our mutual commitment to data security  offering peace of mind for clients who rely on the integrity of their digital records.”Marc Balleydier  Open Bee founder comments “The number of firms using digitalization in Europe is reaching 61% and is constantly growing for different usage. Legal evidence is one of them. Centuries have passed to build justice; digitalization must adapt with the right technology to support productivity AND integrity.”About AMAAMA is a global provider of powerful productivity applications  designed for the connected frontline workforce. We use cutting-edge technologies such as assisted Reality (aR) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to enable remote support and digitized work instructions and inspections  transforming how organizations operate. Our XpertEye suite of secure applications empowers customers to improve productivity  speed up resolution time  retain knowledge  and reduce their carbon footprint.We are B Corp certified  affirming our dedication to meeting the highest standards of social and environmental performance  transparency  and accountability.We have a global presence with offices in Europe  APAC  and the USA  enabling us to reach customers across all time zones and geographic locations.AMA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (GB00BNKGZC51 - ALAMA).More information on www.amaxperteye.comAbout Open BeeOpen Bee is born from the desire to provide companies and organizations  of any sector of activity and of any size  information management software solutions allowing them to eliminate the use of paper for the benefit of a digital communication.The development of its technology and the benefits that Open Bee offers to its customers are inspired by the operation of a beehive: multiple channels bring information back to a point where automated processes are responsible for sorting  classifying  processing  validating  sharing  signing  etc. in complete security within the framework of the ISO 27001 standard and in compliance with the GDPR. Hence its logo of a bee working for its customers.In 2004  the Open Bee brand is created and a first solution is launched on the French market  allowing users to index and classify scanned paper documents directly from the touch screen of a multifunction device.In 2008  the company Open Bee was born as well as a global electronic document management platform  now integrating more than 500 features included in a 360 usage catalog.Today  our 16 years of expertise  a platform translated into 12 languages and our 100 employees are adressing an ecosystem of technological partners such as AMA and more than 250 000 users.ContactsCorporate press AMAEsther Duvalesther.duval@ama.bzhCorporate press Open BeeSarah Brignons.brignon@openbee.comAttachment",neutral,0.37,0.61,0.02,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['critical XpertEye data', 'Open Bee', 'probatory vocation', 'AMA', 'single, reliable digitized original copy', 'global electronic document management platform', 'secure, legally binding way', 'information management software solutions', 'Open Bee founder comments', 'secure digital archiving technology', 'XE aR+ data integrity', 'supply chain management', 'digital management system', 'connected frontline workforce', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'secure storage solution', 'immutable digital fingerprint', 'certified digital evidence', 'Open Bee brand', 'critical XpertEye data', 'AMA CORPORATION PLC', 'powerful productivity applications', 'Open Bee partnership', 'electronic documents', 'secure applications', 'global provider', 'global presence', 'digital records', 'digital communication', 'critical processes', 'first solution', 'right technology', 'XpertEye suite', 'More information', 'AMA comments', 'Broad applications', 'multiple applications', 'data security', 'digital files', 'probatory vocation', 'April 15th', 'ISIN GB00BNKGC5', 'significant step', 'audio recordings', 'integrated approach', 'NF Z42', 'multiple copies', 'key element', 'dedicated safe', 'quality control', 'customer support', 'administrative proceedings', 'container sealing', 'new feature', 'verifiable record', 'administrative purposes', 'new layer', 'Thomas Waendendries', 'VP Sales', 'seamless integration', 'mutual commitment', 'Marc Balleydier', 'different usage', 'Legal evidence', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'remote support', 'work instructions', 'resolution time', 'carbon footprint', 'B Corp', 'environmental performance', 'time zones', 'geographic locations', 'multiple channels', 'automated processes', 'ISO 27001 standard', 'French market', 'touch screen', 'multifunction device', '360 usage catalog', 'strategic partnership', 'service requirements', 'customer service', 'complete security', 'mnemo ALAMA', 'several industries', 'legal value', 'maintenance activities', 'use cases', 'paper documents', 'point A', 'highest standards', 'Rennes', 'France', 'leader', 'collaboration', 'content', 'images', 'video', 'authenticity', 'organizations', 'litigation', 'compliance', 'ability', 'DMS', 'company', 'sectors', 'audits', 'inspections', 'assistance', 'instance', 'context', 'logistics', 'certification', 'goods', 'field', 'transparent', 'required', 'trust', 'efficiency', 'Marketing', 'today', 'peace', 'mind', 'clients', 'number', 'firms', 'digitalization', 'Europe', 'Centuries', 'justice', 'Reality', 'customers', 'knowledge', 'dedication', 'social', 'transparency', 'offices', 'APAC', 'GB00BNKGZC51', 'amaxperteye', 'desire', 'companies', 'activity', 'size', 'benefit', 'development', 'operation', 'beehive', 'framework', 'GDPR', 'logo', 'users', 'classify', '500 features', '16 years', 'expertise', '12 languages', '100 employees', 'ecos']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,globenewswire.com
39296,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLVAY-SA-5966/news/Solvay-publishes-2023-quarterly-information-following-restatement-and-new-segmentation-reporting-46437500/,Solvay publishes 2023 quarterly information following restatement and new segmentation reporting,(marketscreener.com) Press release                                       ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLVAY-SA-5966/news/Solvay-publishes-2023-quarterly-information-following-restatement-and-new-segmentation-reporting-46437500/?utm_medium=RS…,Press release published on April 15  2024  at 6:00 p.m. CESTSolvay publishes unaudited underlying Sales and EBITDA for the four quarters of 2023  before and after the restatements announced in the March 13th 2024 press release:Summary table with Underlying EBITDA and Net Sales impacts:in € million impact Underlying EBITDA Underlying net sales 2023 underlying figures  as published 1 246 4 880 phase-out thermal insulation business scope -54 -107 phase-out third party energy supply activities scope -41 N/A Dis-synergies  net of the “Transition Services Agreement” mark-up scope -12 N/A Zhenjiang scope -8 -25 Peroxidos do Brasil APM +23 +163 2023 underlying figures  new base 1 154 4 911This restated consolidated financial information provides for underlying Sales and EBITDA detailed information for the four quarters of 2023 for the new reporting segments:Basic Chemicals host chemical intermediate businesses focused on mature and resilient markets. Solvay is a world leader in soda ash  bicarbonate  and peroxides. These global businesses share similar economic characteristics and serve major markets that include building and construction  consumer goods  and food.host chemical intermediate businesses focused on mature and resilient markets. Solvay is a world leader in soda ash  bicarbonate  and peroxides. These global businesses share similar economic characteristics and serve major markets that include building and construction  consumer goods  and food. Performance Chemicals host a wider range of products (in our Silica  Coatis and Special Chem businesses) that are subject to customization based on unique formulations and application expertise. These businesses share similar economic characteristics and are also high-quality assets with strong positions in their markets.host a wider range of products (in our Silica  Coatis and Special Chem businesses) that are subject to customization based on unique formulations and application expertise. These businesses share similar economic characteristics and are also high-quality assets with strong positions in their markets. Corporate: comprises corporate and other business services  such as its Global Business services  as well as Procurement and Energy expertise.It also reflects the transfer of the “eH2O2” (electronic-grade hydrogen peroxide) business from GBU Special Chem to GBU Peroxides (net sales of €109 million  underlying EBITDA of €34 million in 2023)  as if it had happened on January 1st  2023.About SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. As a world-leading company with €4.9 billion in net sales in 2023 and listings on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB)  its unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Safe harborThis press release may contain forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements describe expectations  plans  strategies  goals  future events or intentions. The achievement of forward-looking statements contained in this press release is subject to risks and uncertainties relating to a number of factors  including general economic factors  interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations  changing market conditions  product competition  the nature of product development  impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  products withdrawals  regulatory approval processes  all-in scenario of R&I projects and other unusual items. Consequently  actual results or future events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should our assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.24,0.43,True,English,"['new segmentation reporting', '2023 quarterly information', 'Solvay', 'restatement', 'third party energy supply activities scope', 'foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations', '1,246 4,880 phase-out thermal insulation business scope', 'host chemical intermediate businesses', 'March 13th 2024 press release', 'net sales 2023 underlying figures', 'N/A Zhenjiang scope', 'similar economic characteristics', 'other business services', 'electronic-grade hydrogen peroxide', 'regulatory approval processes', 'R&I projects', 'other unusual items', 'pioneering chemical company', 'new reporting segments', 'GBU Special Chem', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'Net Sales impacts', 'Special Chem businesses', 'Global Business services', 'consolidated financial information', 'unaudited underlying Sales', 'Transition Services Agreement', 'general economic factors', 'soda ash process', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'EBITDA detailed information', 'Energy expertise', '163 2023 underlying figures', 'interest rate', 'global businesses', 'N/A Dis-synergies', 'new base', 'essential solutions', 'world-leading company', 'The Company', 'Underlying EBITDA', 'looking information', 'four quarters', 'Summary table', 'Basic Chemicals', 'consumer goods', 'Performance Chemicals', 'wider range', 'unique formulations', 'application expertise', 'high-quality assets', 'strong positions', 'January 1st', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'Euronext Brussels', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'just transition', 'Safe harbor', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'market conditions', 'product competition', 'product development', 'actual results', 'GBU Peroxides', 'resilient markets', 'world leader', 'major markets', 'unknown risks', 'food supplies', 'Solvay Solvay', 'April', 'CEST', 'restatements', 'Peroxidos', 'Brasil', 'APM', 'mature', 'bicarbonate', 'building', 'construction', 'products', 'Silica', 'Coatis', 'customization', 'Corporate', 'Procurement', 'transfer', 'eH2O2', 'legacy', 'workforce', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'air', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'listings', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'dedication', 'sustainability', 'Linkedin', 'expectations', 'plans', 'strategies', 'goals', 'intentions', 'achievement', 'uncertainties', 'number', 'changing', 'nature', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'restructurings', 'withdrawals', 'scenario', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'Attachment', '6:00', '€', '07']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/15/phocas-financial-corp-has-1-39-million-stock-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Phocas Financial Corp. Has $1.39 Million Stock Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Phocas Financial Corp. reduced its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 46.1% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 4 571 shares …,Phocas Financial Corp. reduced its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 46.1% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 4 571 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 3 906 shares during the period. Phocas Financial Corp.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $1 394 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new position in Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth approximately $26 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $29 000. Private Ocean LLC raised its position in shares of Public Storage by 5 450.0% during the fourth quarter. Private Ocean LLC now owns 111 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $34 000 after purchasing an additional 109 shares during the period. Live Oak Investment Partners bought a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth $34 000. Finally  Centerpoint Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth $35 000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $272.14 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $282.62 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $276.56. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $312.80. The company has a quick ratio of 0.62  a current ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58. The firm has a market capitalization of $47.81 billion  a PE ratio of 24.61  a P/E/G ratio of 3.57 and a beta of 0.54.Public Storage Announces DividendPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). The business had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.34% and a return on equity of 35.31%. The company’s revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year  the firm earned $4.16 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.93 EPS for the current year.The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  March 28th. Investors of record on Wednesday  March 13th were issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  March 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.41%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 108.50%.Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of analysts have commented on the stock. Barclays began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  March 27th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 price target for the company. Truist Financial upped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  December 28th. Wells Fargo & Company upgraded Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research note on Friday  April 5th. Raymond James raised Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday  March 28th. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating  seven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat  Public Storage presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $305.00.Check Out Our Latest Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Phocas Financial Corp.', '$1.39 Million Stock Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Public Storage Public Storage Company Profile', 'real estate investment trust', 'Live Oak Investment Partners', '50-day moving average price', 'seven Western European nations', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'One equities research analyst', 'Private Ocean LLC', 'Centerpoint Advisors LLC', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Phocas Financial Corp.', 'recent SEC filing', 'equal weight” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'New Price Targets', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'twelve month low', '35% common equity interest', 'other hedge funds', 'market perform” rating', 'consensus price target', 'strong buy rating', 'Other institutional investors', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Dividend Public Storage', 'dividend payout ratio', 'net margin', '$330.00 price target', 'target price', '$330.00 price objective', '$250.00 price objective', 'Shurgard brand', 'Equities analysts', 'consensus rating', 'Truist Financial', 'recent disclosure', 'market capitalization', 'research note', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'Exchange Commission', 'previous year', 'current year', 'quarterly dividend', 'ex-dividend date', 'annualized basis', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'Raymond James', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'new position', '4th quarter', '1st quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'same quarter', 'new stake', 'Free Report', 'Latest Report', 'earnings results', 'December 28th', 'United States', 'additional 109 shares', 'same period', '$12.00 dividend', '40 states', '4,571 shares', '3,906 shares', '111 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'stock', 'holdings', 'changes', 'positions', 'Monday', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'EPS', 'missing', 'business', 'revenue', 'return', 'Thursday', 'March', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'yield', 'DPR', 'number', 'Barclays', 'coverage', 'Friday', '30th', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'Reading', '45.', '35.31']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,etfdailynews.com
39298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46431968/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9638 £ 25.0285 Estimated MTD return 1.55 % 1.61 % Estimated YTD return 1.51 % 1.87 % Estimated ITD return 179.64 % 150.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.74 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.10 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.7756 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.2482The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-N-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program-Form-6-K-46438847/,STMicroelectronics N : Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   Washington  D.C. 20549   FORM 6-K   REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the month of Ap…,"UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington  D.C. 20549FORM 6-KREPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the month of April  2024Commission File Number: 1-13546STMicroelectronics N.V.(Name of Registrant)WTC Schiphol AirportSchiphol Boulevard 2651118 BH Schiphol AirportThe Netherlands(Address of Principal Executive Offices)Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F:Form 20-F x Form 40-F oEnclosure: A press release dated April 15  2024  announcing the results of trading in STMicroelectronics' own shares as part of the previously announced share buy-back program for the period from April 8  2024 to April 12  2024.PR N°C3251CSTMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares - Period from Apr 08  2024 to Apr 12  2024AMSTERDAM - April 15  2024 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the ""Company"" or ""STMicroelectronics"")  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the ""Program"") disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Apr 08  2024 to Apr 12  2024 (the ""Period"")  of 190 000 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 39.3620 and for an overall price of EUR 7 478 783.50.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into equity instruments.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 8-Apr-24 35 000 38.9696 1 363 936.00 XPAR 9-Apr-24 35 000 39.3886 1 378 601.00 XPAR 10-Apr-24 35 000 39.8208 1 393 728.00 XPAR 11-Apr-24 35 000 39.4221 1 379 773.50 XPAR 12-Apr-24 50 000 39.2549 1 962 745.00 XPAR Total for Period 190 000 39.3620 7 478 783.50Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 10 771 907 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.2% of the Company's issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website ( https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback ).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com .For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comSIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned  thereunto duly authorized.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.46,0.51,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics N', 'Status', 'Form', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'Principal Executive Offices', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'Corporate External Communications', 'WTC Schiphol Airport', '1118 BH Schiphol Airport', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'debt financial instruments', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'share buy-back program', 'other lawful purpose', 'Commission File Number', 'D.C.', 'EXCHANGE COMMISSION', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'overall price', 'equity instruments', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'UNITED STATES', 'check mark', 'annual reports', 'press release', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'repurchase transactions', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'The Netherlands', 'Own Shares', '190,000 ordinary shares', 'FORM 6-K', 'detailed form', 'Further information', 'Period Dates', '10,771,907 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Washington', 'RULE', 'month', 'April', 'Name', 'Registrant', 'Address', 'cover', 'Enclosure', 'results', 'trading', 'part', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'thousands', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'SIGNATURES', 'requirements', 'behalf', '1934']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIPOL-GRUPPO-S-P-A-10344390/news/Unipol-Gruppo-S-p-A-Notice-pursuant-to-Article-41-paragraph-2-letter-c-of-the-Regulation-adopte-46438312/,Unipol Gruppo S p A : Notice pursuant to Article 41  paragraph 2  letter c) of the Regulation adopted by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) with resolution no. 11971 of 14 May 1999,(marketscreener.com)   THE RELEASE  PUBBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS NOTICE IS NOT PERMITTED IN ANY COUNTRY WHERE SUCH NOTICE WOULD VIOLATE THE RELEVANT APPLICABLE REGULATION   PRESS RELEASE   Notice pursuant to Article 41  paragraph 2  letter c) …,"As of the date of this press release  the Offer is not promoted or disclosed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Australia  Canada  Japan or in any other Country in which the Offer is not permitted in the absence of authorisation by the competent local authorities or is in breach of rules or regulations (the ""Other Countries"")  nor by using any means of communication or international commerce (including  without limitation  the postal network  fax  telex  e-mail  telephone and internet) of the United States of America  Australia  Canada  Japan or of the Other Countries or anyThe Offer is launched in Italy  since the Shares are listed on Euronext Milan  organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  and it is addressed  without discrimination and on equal terms  to all shareholders of the Issuer.Bologna  15 April 2024 - With reference to the voluntary tender offer (""Offer"") on the ordinary shares of UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. (""UnipolSai"" or the ""Issuer"")  launched by Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. (""Unipol"") on 16 February 2024  pursuant to Art. 102  paragraph 1  of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998  as subsequently amended and supplemented  and pursuant to Art. 37 of the Issuers' Regulation it is hereby announced that the following market sales transactions of ordinary shares of UnipolSai (ISIN Code IT0004827447) have been carried out by the persons indicated below  in their capacity as Directors of Unipol's subsidiaries:facility of any kind of the financial intermediaries of the United States of America  Australia  Canada  Japan or the Other Countries  or in any other manner.Copy of this press release  or any part thereof  as well as a copy of any document relating to the Offer (including the Offer Document)  are not and shall not be sent  nor in any way transmitted  or in any way distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  in Australia  in Canada  in Japan or in the Other Countries. No person receiving the above documents shall distribute  send or dispatch them (either by post or by any other means or instrument of communication or international commerce) in the United States of America  Australia  Canada  Japan or the Other Countries.This press release is accessible in or from the United Kingdom only: (i) by persons who have professional investment experience falling within Section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as subsequently amended (the ""Order"") or (ii) by high net worth companies and other persons to whom the press release may lawfully be transmitted to  as they fall within Section 49(2)  subparagraphs (a) through (d)  of the Order (all such persons are jointly referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). The financial instruments referred to in this press release are available only to the Relevant Persons (and any invitation  offer  agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such financial instruments shall be addressed only to such Relevant Persons). Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or its contents.This press release  as well as any other document relating to the Offer (including the Offer Document) do not constitute and shall not be construed as an offer of financial instruments addressed to persons domiciled and/or resident in the United States of America  Canada  Japan  Australia or in the Other Countries. No instrument may be offered or sold in the United States of America  Australia  Canada  Japan or in the Other Countries without specific authorisation in accordance with the applicable provisions of the local laws of such Countries or of the Other Countries or waiver of such provisions.Acceptance to the Offer by persons residing in countries other than Italy may be subject to specific obligations or restrictions provided for by laws or regulations. It is the sole responsibility of the addressees of the Offer to comply with such provisions and  therefore  before accepting the Offer  to verify their existence and applicability by contacting their consultants. Any acceptance of the Offer resulting from solicitation activities carried out in breach of the above limitations shall not be accepted.Unipol GruppoUnipol is one of the biggest insurance groups in Europe and the leading company in Italy in the non-life insurance sector  (especially in the MV and health businesses)  with total premiums of €15.1bn  of which €8.7bn in non-life and €6.4bn in life (2023 figures). Unipol adopts an integrated offer strategy and covers the entire range of insurance products  operating primarily through the subsidiary UnipolSai Assicurazioni. The Group is also active in direct MV insurance (Linear Assicurazioni)  transport and aviation insurance (Siat)  health insurance (UniSalute) and supplementary pensions and covers the bancassurance channel (Arca Vita and Arca Assicurazioni). It also manages significant diversified assets in the property  hotel (Gruppo UNA)  medical-healthcare (Centro Medico Santagostino) and agricultural (Tenute del Cerro) sectors. Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. is listed on the Italian Stock Exchange.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Unipol Gruppo S', 'Commissione Nazionale', 'Notice', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'letter', 'Regulation', 'Società', 'Borsa', 'CONSOB', 'resolution', '14 May', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A.', 'Unipol Gruppo S.p.A.', 'high net worth companies', 'market sales transactions', 'professional investment experience', 'significant diversified assets', 'Centro Medico Santagostino', 'competent local authorities', 'biggest insurance groups', 'non-life insurance sector', 'direct MV insurance', 'voluntary tender offer', 'integrated offer strategy', 'Gruppo UNA', 'Linear Assicurazioni', 'Arca Assicurazioni', 'insurance products', 'aviation insurance', 'health insurance', 'press release', 'United States', 'other Country', 'international commerce', 'postal network', 'Euronext Milan', 'equal terms', 'Legislative Decree', ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'ISIN Code', 'financial intermediaries', 'other manner', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'Financial Promotion', 'financial instruments', 'local laws', 'specific obligations', 'sole responsibility', 'solicitation activities', 'leading company', 'health businesses', 'total premiums', 'entire range', 'The Group', 'supplementary pensions', 'bancassurance channel', 'Arca Vita', 'Tenute del', 'Other Countries', 'ordinary shares', 'other document', 'other means', 'specific authorisation', 'other persons', 'Relevant Persons', 'applicable provisions', 'Offer Document', 'date', 'America', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'absence', 'breach', 'rules', 'regulations', 'communication', 'limitation', 'fax', 'telex', 'mail', 'telephone', 'internet', 'Italy', 'discrimination', 'shareholders', 'Bologna', '15 April', 'reference', '16 February', 'Art. 102', 'paragraph', '24 February', 'following', 'capacity', 'Directors', 'subsidiaries', 'facility', 'kind', 'Copy', 'part', 'way', 'documents', 'Section', 'Order', 'invitation', 'agreement', 'contents', 'accordance', 'waiver', 'Acceptance', 'restrictions', 'addressees', 'existence', 'applicability', 'consultants', 'Europe', 'subsidiary', 'transport', 'Siat', 'UniSalute', 'property', 'hotel', 'medical-healthcare', 'agricultural', 'Cerro', 'sectors']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39301,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/Proposed-Changes-to-BenevolentAI-s-Board-Composition-46431888/,Proposed Changes to BenevolentAI's Board Composition,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:BenevolentAI   a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that following extensive discussions with Mr. Kenneth Mulvany  founder and former Chairman of BenevolentAI Limited…,"Regulatory News:BenevolentAI (or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that following extensive discussions with Mr. Kenneth Mulvany  founder and former Chairman of BenevolentAI Limited and a Non-Executive Director of BenevolentAI  several resolutions will be put forward at the Company’s upcoming Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) relating to the future membership of the board of the Company (“the Board”).Mr. Mulvany has submitted four resolutions to be added to the agenda of BenevolentAI’s AGM in relation to the appointment of Mr. Peter Allen  Mr. Jeremy Sohn  Mr. Ian Nicholson and himself as Non-Executive Directors  as is his right as a significant shareholder in the Company. These resolutions will be added to a revised AGM agenda that will be published and available on the Company’s website (www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/) and at the Company’s registered office for shareholder’s consideration in due course.Dr. François Nader  Chair of the Board  Dr. Olivier Brandicourt  Dr. Susan Liautaud and Mr. Marcello Damiani  all Non-Executive Directors  will resign as directors of BenevolentAI effective as of the close of the Company’s AGM on 2 May 2024. Dr. Joerg Moeller  Chief Executive Officer  Jean Raby  Senior Independent Director  Prof. Sir Nigel Shadbolt and Dr. John Orloff  both Non-Executive Directors  will all continue in their respective positions on the Board of BenevolentAI.Subject to their appointment at the AGM  it is proposed that Mr. Allen acts as Chair and Mr. Mulvany acts as Deputy Chair of the Board. Together with the rest of the Board  they will support Chief Executive Dr. Jeorg Moeller and his team on implementing the Company’s strategy. Immediately after the AGM  the Board will integrate the new directors into all committees (Audit  Finance and Risk  Nomination and Governance  Remuneration  and Research and Development) to fill vacant roles left by the resigning directors.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.Dr. François Nader M.D.  Chair of BenevolentAI said:“The Board acknowledges that our dialogue with Mr. Mulvany  our largest shareholder  has resulted in an agreement which we believe is in the best interests of shareholders  and broader stakeholders  and the stability of our operations and creates the potential to establish a governance platform for the future progress and value creation of the business  in the best interest of patients.”“It has been a privilege to lead this excellent board and I would like to take this opportunity to extend our appreciation to Olivier  Susan and Marcello for their significant contributions to the Board since joining. The Company has benefitted significantly from their wise counsel and experience.”Biographies of the Non-Executive Directors to be proposed at the AGM:Mr. Peter AllenA chartered accountant by background  Peter has over 30 years’ experience as an Executive Director  Non-Executive Director and Chairman in a wide range of life science companies  playing a significant role in their growth. He spent nine years as Chairman of Clinigen plc from 2012 up to its 2021 US$1.8 billion sale to Triton; three years as Chairman of Proximagen Group plc from 2009 to its 2012 headline sale of US$553 million to Upsher-Smith; six years at ProStrakan Group plc as its Chairman from 2007 up to 2013 guiding it through its £292 million acquisition by Japan’s KHK; and 12 years at Celltech Group plc from 1992 to 2004 as CFO and latterly Deputy CEO.Peter is currently a Non-Executive Director at Istesso Ltd. and recently retired as Non-Executive Chairman at Abcam plc after its US$5.7 billion sale to Danaher. He is also a former Non-Executive Chairman of Oxford Nanopore  where he served for 11 years from 2011 to 2022 and AIM listed Advanced Medical Solutions plc where he brought his substantial experience in M&A  international growth  fundraising and investor relations  as well as the commercialisation of intellectual property.Mr. Kenneth MulvanyKenneth is a prominent figure in the intersection of technology and bioscience and is known for his entrepreneurial spirit and innovative contributions to drug discovery. He is the founder of BenevolentAI and was the Company’s Chairman from its 2013 foundation until July 2021 when it stood at the forefront of applying AI to scientific discovery  particularly in the biopharmaceutical domain.Under Kenneth’s leadership BenevolentAI transitioned from a small group to a market leader by achieving early commercial success. This trajectory led to the honour of being named a 2018 Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum  alongside past honourees including Google  Twitter and Palantir  acknowledging their transformative impacts in technology and society.Before establishing BenevolentAI  he was the founder and CEO of Proximagen Group plc  (“Proximagen”) a leading biotech firm specialising in the development of medicines to treat neurodegeneration. Proximagen was sold to Upsher-Smith for a headline value of US$553 million. This experience  coupled with his observation of the exponential increase in scientific information and the challenges in utilising this vast and complex data  inspired him to venture into AI with the creation of BenevolentAI in November 2013.In addition to leading innovative companies  Kenneth has proactively served on several advisory boards for  amongst others  the UK Government advisory board on AI strategies and the Oxford Sciences Innovations. He is an active contributor to the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Artificial Intelligence  showcasing his commitment to the responsible and innovative advancement of AI.Kenneth has also dedicated efforts to philanthropy and was the Chairman of the Trustees for the Cure Parkinson’s Trust.Mr. Jeremy SohnJeremy is Managing Partner of P74 Ventures  a venture fund investing in platform technologies. He is a venture investor  serial entrepreneur and pharma executive responsible for leading business model innovations that have the potential to transform the core business and operations of the pharmaceutical industry. Since 2013  he has completed 26 investments  (with three IPOs/SPACs and five unicorns) founded three companies  (with two PE exits) led partnerships with over 100 start-ups and industry-leading technology companies and developed eight transformational technology platforms.Prior to launching P74  Jeremy was VP  Global Head of Digital BD&L  Partnerships & Innovation at Novartis  where he oversaw three teams: a pharma-tech and digital health venture fund  (operating as dRx Capital); a digital BD&L partnership and transactions team; and the Novartis Biome  an internal innovation community.Prior to Novartis  he was Managing Director at MPM Capital  where he led its pharma-technology fund  founding and investing in two companies: CentrosHealth  (merged with Clinical Ink and acquired by GI Partners); and TriNetX  (acquired by Carlyle Group).From 2007-2011  Jeremy was COO and VP Strategy & Corporate Development for North Plains Systems  where he led the company's growth and sale to Accel-KKR. In 2000  he co-founded an open-source operating system company  Wasabi Systems.Mr. Ian NicholsonIan has over 40 years’ international experience in management and transactions within the life sciences sector. He has extensive Board experience in public and private companies and is currently Chairman of Bioventix plc  where he was appointed in 2004 and a Board Trustee of LifeArc  a leading UK medical research charity.He has been an Operating Partner at Advent Life Sciences LLP since 2012  working with portfolio companies including Eloxx Pharmaceuticals  Amphista and NeRRe Therapeutics.From 2013 to 2021 Ian was CEO of F2G Ltd.  an antifungal drug development company and from 2004 to 2012 he was CEO of Chroma Therapeutics Limited  a drug discovery and development company.He previously held the position of Senior Vice President  Business Development at Celltech Group plc  then the UK’s largest biotechnology company and has extensive experience in licensing  M&A and market development in the UK  Europe and the US.Ian served on the Board of Clinigen from 2012 up to its 2021 US$1.8 billion sale to Triton and was also a Non-Exectutive Director of Consort Medical plc from 2012 up to its 2020 sale to Recipharm AB for £505 million.PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 17(1) OF THE REGULATION (EU) NO 596/2014 ON MARKET ABUSE (MARKET ABUSE REGULATION)About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent PlatformTM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery.The Company’s business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools.Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.Forward-looking StatementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""plans""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""will""  ""may""  ""should"" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding objectives  goals  strategies  outlook and growth prospects; future plans  events or performance and potential for future growth; economic outlook and industry trends; developments in BenevolentAI’s markets; the impact of regulatory initiatives; and/or the strength of BenevolentAI’s competitors. These forward-looking statements reflect  at the time made  BenevolentAI’s beliefs  intentions and current targets/aims. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions based on  without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in BenevolentAI’s records  and third-party data. Although BenevolentAI believes these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond BenevolentAI’s control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause the actual outcomes and the results of operations  financial condition and liquidity of BenevolentAI or the industry to differ materially from those results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward- looking statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414365731/en/",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,True,English,"['Board Composition', 'Changes', 'BenevolentAI', 'Dr. François Nader M.D.', 'Chief Executive Dr. Jeorg Moeller', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'Prof. Sir Nigel Shadbolt', 'Advanced Medical Solutions plc', 'Dr. Joerg Moeller', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. John Orloff', 'life science companies', 'early commercial success', 'World Economic Forum', 'leading biotech firm', 'Dr. Olivier Brandicourt', 'Dr. Susan Liautaud', '2021 US$1.8 billion sale', 'US$5.7 billion sale', 'ProStrakan Group plc', 'Celltech Group plc', 'Mr. Jeremy Sohn', 'Mr. Ian Nicholson', 'Senior Independent Director', 'Proximagen Group plc', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'Mr. Marcello Damiani', 'Mr. Peter Allen', 'Mr. Kenneth Mulvany', 'former Non-Executive Chairman', 'M&A', 'Executive Director', 'Mr. Allen', 'Mr. Mulvany', 'Clinigen plc', 'Abcam plc', 'small group', '2012 headline sale', 'advanced AI', 'scientific discovery', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'extensive discussions', 'former Chairman', 'future membership', 'registered office', 'due course', 'Jean Raby', 'respective positions', 'vacant roles', 'record date', 'best interests', 'broader stakeholders', 'future progress', 'value creation', 'significant contributions', 'wise counsel', 'wide range', 'significant role', '£292 million acquisition', 'Istesso Ltd.', 'Oxford Nanopore', 'investor relations', 'intellectual property', 'prominent figure', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'innovative contributions', 'biopharmaceutical domain', 'past honourees', 'transformative impacts', 'new directors', 'resigning directors', 'several resolutions', 'four resolutions', 'significant shareholder', 'largest shareholder', 'nine years', 'three years', 'six years', 'substantial experience', 'governance platform', 'Deputy CEO', 'international growth', 'market leader', '30 years’ experience', 'Deputy Chair', 'BenevolentAI Limited', 'excellent board', 'The Company', 'AGM agenda', '12 years', '11 years', '2024 AGM', 'BAI', 'founder', 'appointment', 'right', 'revised', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'consideration', 'close', '2 May', 'team', 'strategy', 'committees', 'Audit', 'Finance', 'Risk', 'Nomination', 'Remuneration', 'Research', 'Development', 'shareholders', '18 April', '24:00 (midnight', 'CEST', 'dialogue', 'agreement', 'stability', 'operations', 'potential', 'business', 'patients', 'privilege', 'opportunity', 'appreciation', 'Biographies', 'accountant', 'background', 'Triton', 'Upsher-Smith', 'Japan', 'KHK', 'CFO', 'Danaher', 'AIM', 'fundraising', 'commercialisation', 'intersection', 'technology', 'bioscience', '2013 foundation', 'July', 'forefront', 'leadership', 'trajectory', 'Google', 'Twitter', 'Palantir', 'society']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39302,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/proposed-changes-to-benevolentais-board-composition-93CH-3377495,Proposed Changes to BenevolentAI's Board Composition By Investing.com,Proposed Changes to BenevolentAI's Board Composition,"LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:BenevolentAI (or the Company) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that following extensive discussions with Mr. Kenneth Mulvany  founder and former Chairman of BenevolentAI Limited and a Non-Executive Director of BenevolentAI  several resolutions will be put forward at the Company's upcoming Annual General Meeting (AGM) relating to the future membership of the board of the Company (the Board).Mr. Mulvany has submitted four resolutions to be added to the agenda of BenevolentAI's AGM in relation to the appointment of Mr. Peter Allen  Mr. Jeremy Sohn  Mr. Ian Nicholson and himself as Non-Executive Directors  as is his right as a significant shareholder in the Company. These resolutions will be added to a revised AGM agenda that will be published and available on the Company's website (www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/) and at the Company's registered office for shareholder's consideration in due course.Dr. FranÃ§ois Nader  Chair of the Board  Dr. Olivier Brandicourt  Dr. Susan Liautaud and Mr. Marcello Damiani  all Non-Executive Directors  will resign as directors of BenevolentAI effective as of the close of the Company's AGM on 2 May 2024. Dr. Joerg Moeller  Chief Executive Officer  Jean Raby  Senior Independent Director  Prof. Sir Nigel Shadbolt and Dr. John Orloff  both Non-Executive Directors  will all continue in their respective positions on the Board of BenevolentAI.Subject to their appointment at the AGM  it is proposed that Mr. Allen acts as Chair and Mr. Mulvany acts as Deputy Chair of the Board. Together with the rest of the Board  they will support Chief Executive Dr. Jeorg Moeller and his team on implementing the Company's strategy. Immediately after the AGM  the Board will integrate the new directors into all committees (Audit  Finance and Risk  Nomination and Governance  Remuneration  and Research and Development) to fill vacant roles left by the resigning directors.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.Dr. FranÃ§ois Nader M.D.  Chair of BenevolentAI said:The Board acknowledges that our dialogue with Mr. Mulvany  our largest shareholder  has resulted in an agreement which we believe is in the best interests of shareholders  and broader stakeholders  and the stability of our operations and creates the potential to establish a governance platform for the future progress and value creation of the business  in the best interest of patients.It has been a privilege to lead this excellent board and I would like to take this opportunity to extend our appreciation to Olivier  Susan and Marcello for their significant contributions to the Board since joining. The Company has benefitted significantly from their wise counsel and experience.Biographies of the Non-Executive Directors to be proposed at the AGM:Mr. Peter AllenA chartered accountant by background  Peter has over 30 years' experience as an Executive Director  Non-Executive Director and Chairman in a wide range of life science companies  playing a significant role in their growth. He spent nine years as Chairman of Clinigen plc from 2012 up to its 2021 US$1.8 billion sale to Triton; three years as Chairman of Proximagen Group plc from 2009 to its 2012 headline sale of US$553 million to Upsher-Smith; six years at ProStrakan Group plc as its Chairman from 2007 up to 2013 guiding it through its £292 million acquisition by Japan's KHK; and 12 years at Celltech Group plc from 1992 to 2004 as CFO and latterly Deputy CEO.Peter is currently a Non-Executive Director at Istesso Ltd. and recently retired as Non-Executive Chairman at Abcam plc after its US$5.7 billion sale to Danaher (NYSE: ). He is also a former Non-Executive Chairman of Oxford Nanopore  where he served for 11 years from 2011 to 2022 and AIM listed Advanced Medical Solutions plc where he brought his substantial experience in M&A  international growth  fundraising and investor relations  as well as the commercialisation of intellectual property.Mr. Kenneth MulvanyKenneth is a prominent figure in the intersection of technology and bioscience and is known for his entrepreneurial spirit and innovative contributions to drug discovery. He is the founder of BenevolentAI and was the Company's Chairman from its 2013 foundation until July 2021 when it stood at the forefront of applying AI to scientific discovery  particularly in the biopharmaceutical domain.Under Kenneth's leadership BenevolentAI transitioned from a small group to a market leader by achieving early commercial success. This trajectory led to the honour of being named a 2018 Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum  alongside past honourees including Google (NASDAQ: )  Twitter and Palantir (NYSE: )  acknowledging their transformative impacts in technology and society.Before establishing BenevolentAI  he was the founder and CEO of Proximagen Group plc  (Proximagen) a leading biotech firm specialising in the development of medicines to treat neurodegeneration. Proximagen was sold to Upsher-Smith for a headline value of US$553 million. This experience  coupled with his observation of the exponential increase in scientific information and the challenges in utilising this vast and complex data  inspired him to venture into AI with the creation of BenevolentAI in November 2013.In addition to leading innovative companies  Kenneth has proactively served on several advisory boards for  amongst others  the UK Government advisory board on AI strategies and the Oxford Sciences Innovations. He is an active contributor to the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Artificial Intelligence  showcasing his commitment to the responsible and innovative advancement of AI.Kenneth has also dedicated efforts to philanthropy and was the Chairman of the Trustees for the Cure Parkinson's Trust.Mr. Jeremy SohnJeremy is Managing Partner of P74 Ventures  a venture fund investing in platform technologies. He is a venture investor  serial entrepreneur and pharma executive responsible for leading business model innovations that have the potential to transform the core business and operations of the pharmaceutical industry. Since 2013  he has completed 26 investments  (with three IPOs/SPACs and five unicorns) founded three companies  (with two PE exits) led partnerships with over 100 start-ups and industry-leading technology companies and developed eight transformational technology platforms.Prior to launching P74  Jeremy was VP  Global Head of Digital BD&L  Partnerships & Innovation at Novartis (SIX: )  where he oversaw three teams: a pharma-tech and digital health venture fund  (operating as dRx Capital); a digital BD&L partnership and transactions team; and the Novartis Biome  an internal innovation community.Prior to Novartis  he was Managing Director at MPM Capital  where he led its pharma-technology fund  founding and investing in two companies: CentrosHealth  (merged with Clinical Ink and acquired by GI Partners); and TriNetX  (acquired by Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: )).From 2007-2011  Jeremy was COO and VP Strategy & Corporate Development for North Plains Systems  where he led the company's growth and sale to Accel-KKR. In 2000  he co-founded an open-source operating system company  Wasabi Systems.Mr. Ian NicholsonIan has over 40 years' international experience in management and transactions within the life sciences sector. He has extensive Board experience in public and private companies and is currently Chairman of Bioventix plc  where he was appointed in 2004 and a Board Trustee of LifeArc  a leading UK medical research charity.He has been an Operating Partner at Advent Life Sciences LLP since 2012  working with portfolio companies including Eloxx Pharmaceuticals (OTC: )  Amphista and NeRRe Therapeutics.From 2013 to 2021 Ian was CEO of F2G Ltd.  an antifungal drug development company and from 2004 to 2012 he was CEO of Chroma Therapeutics Limited  a drug discovery and development company.He previously held the position of Senior Vice President  Business Development at Celltech Group plc  then the UK's largest biotechnology company and has extensive experience in licensing  M&A and market development in the UK  Europe and the US.Ian served on the Board of Clinigen from 2012 up to its 2021 US$1.8 billion sale to Triton and was also a Non-Exectutive Director of Consort Medical plc from 2012 up to its 2020 sale to Recipharm AB for £505 million.PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 17(1) OF THE REGULATION (EU) NO 596/2014 ON MARKET ABUSE (MARKET ABUSE REGULATION)About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent Platform™ that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery.The Company's business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools.Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.Forward-looking StatementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""plans""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""will""  ""may""  ""should"" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding objectives  goals  strategies  outlook and growth prospects; future plans  events or performance and potential for future growth; economic outlook and industry trends; developments in BenevolentAI's markets; the impact of regulatory initiatives; and/or the strength of BenevolentAI's competitors. These forward-looking statements reflect  at the time made  BenevolentAI's beliefs  intentions and current targets/aims. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions based on  without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in BenevolentAI's records  and third-party data. Although BenevolentAI believes these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond BenevolentAI's control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause the actual outcomes and the results of operations  financial condition and liquidity of BenevolentAI or the industry to differ materially from those results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward- looking statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240414365731/en/Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood “ VP Investor Relationsfleur.wood@benevolent.ai / investors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360FTI Consulting (NYSE: ):Simon Conway/Ed BridgesBenevolentAI@fticonsulting.comT: +44 203 727 1000Source: BenevolentAI",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Board Composition', 'Changes', 'BenevolentAI', 'Investing', 'Dr. FranÃ§ois Nader M.D.', 'Chief Executive Dr. Jeorg Moeller', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'Prof. Sir Nigel Shadbolt', 'Advanced Medical Solutions plc', 'Dr. Joerg Moeller', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. John Orloff', 'life science companies', 'early commercial success', 'World Economic Forum', 'Dr. Olivier Brandicourt', 'Dr. Susan Liautaud', '2021 US$1.8 billion sale', 'US$5.7 billion sale', 'ProStrakan Group plc', 'Celltech Group plc', 'Mr. Jeremy Sohn', 'Mr. Ian Nicholson', 'Senior Independent Director', 'Proximagen Group plc', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'Mr. Marcello Damiani', 'Mr. Peter Allen', 'Mr. Kenneth Mulvany', 'former Non-Executive Chairman', 'M&A', 'Executive Director', 'Mr. Allen', 'Mr. Mulvany', 'Clinigen plc', 'Abcam plc', 'small group', '2012 headline sale', 'advanced AI', 'scientific discovery', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'extensive discussions', 'former Chairman', 'future membership', 'registered office', 'due course', 'Jean Raby', 'respective positions', 'vacant roles', 'record date', 'best interests', 'broader stakeholders', 'future progress', 'value creation', 'significant contributions', 'wise counsel', 'wide range', 'significant role', '£292 million acquisition', 'Istesso Ltd.', 'Oxford Nanopore', 'investor relations', 'intellectual property', 'prominent figure', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'innovative contributions', 'biopharmaceutical domain', 'past honourees', 'transformative impacts', 'new directors', 'resigning directors', 'several resolutions', 'four resolutions', 'significant shareholder', 'largest shareholder', 'nine years', 'three years', 'six years', 'substantial experience', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'governance platform', 'Deputy CEO', 'international growth', 'market leader', ""30 years' experience"", 'Deputy Chair', 'BenevolentAI Limited', 'excellent board', 'The Company', 'AGM agenda', '12 years', '11 years', '2024 AGM', 'LONDON', 'BAI', 'founder', 'appointment', 'right', 'revised', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'consideration', 'close', '2 May', 'team', 'strategy', 'committees', 'Audit', 'Finance', 'Risk', 'Nomination', 'Remuneration', 'Research', 'Development', 'shareholders', '18 April', '24:00 (midnight', 'CEST', 'dialogue', 'agreement', 'stability', 'operations', 'potential', 'patients', 'privilege', 'opportunity', 'appreciation', 'Biographies', 'accountant', 'background', 'Triton', 'Upsher-Smith', 'Japan', 'KHK', 'CFO', 'Danaher', 'NYSE', 'AIM', 'fundraising', 'commercialisation', 'intersection', 'technology', 'bioscience', '2013 foundation', 'July', 'forefront', 'leadership', 'trajectory', 'Google', 'NASDAQ', 'Twitter', 'Palantir', 'society']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,investing.com
39303,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Director-PDMR-Shareholding-46432113/,Cairn Homes Plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding 15-Apr-2024 / 07:00...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Director-PDMR-Shareholding-46432113/?utm_med…,Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding15-Apr-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BSTCairn Homes plc Director / PDMR Shareholding Notification Dublin / London  15 April 2024: Cairn Homes plc (“Cairn” or the “Company”)  confirms that the following long term incentive awards were granted by the Remuneration Committee on 10 April 2024. The table below sets out the awards granted under Cairn Homes’ 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan (“2024 LTIP”): Director/ PDMR Role No. of Shares Awarded Michael Stanley Chief Executive Officer 401 448 Richard Ball Chief Financial Officer 472 292 Tara Grimley Company Secretary 94 458 Moreover  the below award granted by the Remuneration Committee to the CEO  on 10 April 2024  represents the second and final award under the terms of the Stretch CEO LTIP: Director/ PDMR Role No. of Shares Awarded Michael Stanley Chief Executive Officer 3 158 844 The shares granted under the 2024 LTIP were based on the closing price on Euronext Dublin on 9 April 2024  the dealing day immediately preceding the date of grant. The number of shares granted under the Stretch CEO LTIP in FY 2024 is in line with the number of shares granted in FY 2023  as set out in the terms of the Stretch CEO LTIP. The terms and the associated metrics and targets for each of the 2024 LTIP award and the Stretch CEO LTIP have been disclosed in the Company’s 2023 annual report. Further detail regarding the ESG metrics in the 2024 LTIP have been published on the Company’s website. Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them [This form is required for disclosure of transactions under Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)] 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Michael Stanley 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer / PDMR b) Initial Notification Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Cairn Homes plc b) LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument Identification code Cairn Homes plc ordinary shares of €0.001 each ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional grant of awards pursuant to the rules of the Cairn Homes plc Long Term Incentive Plan  under which shares are granted in the form of a provisional allocation of shares  for which no exercise price is payable. The delivery of the shares is subject to performance conditions set out in the plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil Consideration 401 448 d) Aggregated information — Aggregated volume — Price Not applicable – single transaction e) Date of the transaction 10 April 2024 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue g) Additional Information N/A Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them [This form is required for disclosure of transactions under Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)] 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Richard Ball 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer / PDMR b) Initial Notification Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Cairn Homes plc b) LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument Identification code Cairn Homes plc ordinary shares of €0.001 each ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional grant of awards pursuant to the rules of the Cairn Homes plc Long Term Incentive Plan  under which shares are granted in the form of a provisional allocation of shares  for which no exercise price is payable. The delivery of the shares is subject to performance conditions set out in the plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil Consideration 472 292 d) Aggregated information — Aggregated volume — Price Not applicable – single transaction e) Date of the transaction 10 April 2024 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue g) Additional Information N/A Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them [This form is required for disclosure of transactions under Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)] 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Tara Grimley 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Company Secretary / PDMR b) Initial Notification Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Cairn Homes plc b) LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument Identification code Cairn Homes plc ordinary shares of €0.001 each ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional grant of awards pursuant to the rules of the Cairn Homes plc Long Term Incentive Plan  under which shares are granted in the form of a provisional allocation of shares  for which no exercise price is payable. The delivery of the shares is subject to performance conditions set out in the plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil Consideration 94 458 d) Aggregated information — Aggregated volume — Price Not applicable – single transaction e) Date of the transaction 10 April 2024 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue g) Additional Information N/A Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them [This form is required for disclosure of transactions under Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)] 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Michael Stanley 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer / PDMR b) Initial Notification Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Cairn Homes plc b) LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument Identification code Cairn Homes plc ordinary shares of €0.001 each ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional grant of awards pursuant to the rules of the Cairn Homes plc Stretch CEO LTIP  under which shares are granted in the form of a provisional allocation of shares  for which no exercise price is payable. The delivery of the shares is subject to performance conditions set out in the plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil Consideration 3 158 844 d) Aggregated information — Aggregated volume — Price Not applicable – single transaction e) Date of the transaction 10 April 2024 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue g) Additional Information N/ADissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'Cairn Homes’ 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan', 'Michael Stanley Chief Executive Officer', 'Position/status Chief Executive Officer', 'long term incentive awards', 'Position/status Chief Financial Officer', 'emission allowance market participant', 'Tara Grimley Company Secretary', 'Additional Information N/A Notification', 'Cairn Homes plc Director', 'Name Michael Stanley', 'PDMR Shareholding Notification Dublin', 'Name Cairn Homes', 'Initial Notification Amendment', 'Stretch CEO LTIP', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'PDMR Role No.', 'plan rules', 'Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Aggregated information', 'financial instrument', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Richard Ball', 'dealing day', 'associated metrics', '2023 annual report', 'Further detail', 'ESG metrics', 'Managerial Responsibilities', 'European Parliament', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83', 'Identification code', 'provisional allocation', 'performance conditions', 'Nil Consideration', 'trading venue', '2024 LTIP award', 'final award', 'Conditional grant', 'closing price', 'exercise price', 'Price(s', 'EU) No 596', 'Aggregated volume', 'single transaction', 'transaction(s', 'Persons Discharging', 'ordinary shares', 'CRN', 'Apr', '07:00 GMT', 'BST', 'London', 'following', 'table', 'second', 'terms', 'date', 'number', 'FY', 'line', 'targets', 'website', 'Transactions', 'disclosure', 'Article', 'Council', 'Details', 'Reason', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'place', 'Description', 'ISIN', 'IE00BWY4ZF18', 'Nature', 'delivery']",2024-04-15,2024-04-16,marketscreener.com
39304,EuroNext,Bing API,https://stockhouse.com/news/press-releases/2024/04/16/vantiva-sells-22-million-set-top-boxes-powered-by-android-tv-tm,Vantiva Sells 22 Million Set-Top Boxes Powered by Android TV(TM),"""Vantiva has been a significant partner in bringing the Android TV experience to customers around the world "" said Shalini GovilPai  vice president of TV  Google. ""Vantiva reached an impressive milestone  and we're looking forward to continuing to bring innovation and entertainment to viewers for years to come.""","Represents 25% of this market segment worldwidePARIS  April 16  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader enabling Network Service Providers (NSPs) to connect consumers worldwide  today announced that it has sold 22 million set-top boxes (STBs) powered by Android TVTM to date  strengthening its 25% market share as of the end of 2023 according to the latest Omdia STB 3Q23 report. Vantiva has deployed Android TV since it first became available  implementing more than 30 upgrades and providing the most Netflix  Amazon Prime Video and Disney+ certifications in the industry. Vantiva developed its first STB powered by Android TV in 2015 with SVELTE  followed by JADE in 2020  which is available with Google Assistant for voice control. In 2022  Vantiva introduced SOUNDSCAPE  a CSI Innovation Award winner  that combined a STB and soundbar into a single device.""Vantiva has been a significant partner in bringing the Android TV experience to customers around the world "" said Shalini GovilPai  vice president of TV  Google. ""Vantiva reached an impressive milestone  and we're looking forward to continuing to bring innovation and entertainment to viewers for years to come.""Since 2020  Vantiva contributed to the development and deployment of the Google Common Broadcast Stack software platform across a wide array of customer premises equipment (CPE) and consumer electronics devices used to access video services. The Google Broadcast Stack allows NSPs to integrate traditional broadcast streams and conditional access systems (CAS) with over-the-top (OTT) services to manage complexity and create more intuitive viewing experiences for subscribers.""Android TV represents a profound shift for consumers and NSPs by delivering a unified  user-friendly platform with advanced features  such as voice search and content personalization  transforming TVs into smart  versatile entertainment hubs "" said Leopold Diouf  senior vice president of the product division at Vantiva. ""Vantiva has earned the reputation of delivering innovative entertainment experiences for consumers and operators  as shown by our NaviGate IQTM app that provides insight into consumer viewing habits through data analytics and machine learning. We thank Android TV and our valued customers and are grateful for their trust in developing  integrating and supporting cutting-edge set-top boxes around the world.""Vantiva proposes a comprehensive professional services package including ongoing software upgrades and security maintenance for several years after deployment in the field  positioning Android TV as a highly efficient and enduring solution in the competitive streaming landscape.Reaching 22 million STBs powered by Android TV sold is the latest strategic milestone in Vantiva's ongoing commitment to providing open and innovative technologies for NSPs and Pay TV operators around the world. Vantiva's goal is to bring seamless connectivity and premium entertainment experiences to consumers by creating best-in-class CPE and partnering with the most innovative companies in the connected home ecosystem.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388773/Vantiva_Logo.jpgPDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388771/Vantiva_EN.pdfContact:Vantiva Press RelationsThatcher+Co. for Vantivapress.relations@vantiva.comvantiva@thatcherandco.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vantiva-sells-22-million-set-top-boxes-powered-by-android-tv-302118414.htmlSOURCE Vantiva",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['22 Million Set-Top Boxes', 'Android TV', 'Vantiva', 'TM', 'Google Common Broadcast Stack software platform', 'latest Omdia STB 3Q23 report', 'The Google Broadcast Stack', 'comprehensive professional services package', 'smart, versatile entertainment hubs', 'CSI Innovation Award winner', 'unified, user-friendly platform', 'traditional broadcast streams', 'latest strategic milestone', 'global technology leader', 'Network Service Providers', 'customer premises equipment', 'consumer electronics devices', 'conditional access systems', 'intuitive viewing experiences', 'NaviGate IQTM app', 'consumer viewing habits', 'cutting-edge set-top boxes', 'ongoing software upgrades', 'competitive streaming landscape', 'connected home ecosystem', 'premium entertainment experiences', '22 million set-top boxes', 'Amazon Prime Video', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'senior vice president', 'Android TV experience', 'Pay TV operators', 'Vantiva Press Relations', 'video services', 'Google Assistant', 'first STB', 'impressive milestone', 'ongoing commitment', 'innovative technologies', 'innovative companies', 'market segment', 'Android TVTM', '25% market share', 'Disney+ certifications', 'voice control', 'single device', 'significant partner', 'Shalini GovilPai', 'wide array', 'profound shift', 'advanced features', 'voice search', 'content personalization', 'Leopold Diouf', 'product division', 'data analytics', 'machine learning', 'security maintenance', 'enduring solution', '22 million STBs', 'seamless connectivity', 'original content', 'Euronext Paris', 'valued customers', 'several years', 'SOURCE Vantiva', '30 upgrades', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NSPs', 'consumers', 'date', 'Netflix', 'industry', 'SVELTE', 'JADE', 'SOUNDSCAPE', 'world', 'viewers', 'development', 'deployment', 'CPE', 'complexity', 'subscribers', 'TVs', 'reputation', 'insight', 'trust', 'field', 'efficient', 'Reaching', 'open', 'goal', 'class', 'Logo', 'Contact', 'Thatcher+Co.', 'thatcherandco', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'vantiva-sells']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,stockhouse.com
39305,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-04/61962867-stellantis-n-v-results-of-stellantis-2024-annual-general-meeting-399.htm,Stellantis N.V.: Results of Stellantis 2024 Annual General Meeting,"Results of Stellantis 2024 Annual General Meeting AMSTERDAM  April 16  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (""Stellantis"") announced today that all resolutions submitted to shareholders for approval at the Annual","Results of Stellantis 2024 Annual General MeetingAMSTERDAM  April 16  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (""Stellantis"") announced today that all resolutions submitted to shareholders for approval at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM)  which was held in person and webcast live on the Stellantis website  were adopted  including the proposal to approve a EUR 4.7 billion dividend distribution on common shares.The proposed distribution will result in a payment to holders of common shares of EUR 1.55 per outstanding common share. Holders of common shares traded on the NYSE will receive USD 1.651680 per common share based on the USD/EUR foreign exchange reference rate reported by the European Central Bank on April 15  2024. The distribution will be paid out of the profits reported in the 2023 Annual Accounts. The expected schedule for the common shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange  Euronext Paris and Euronext Milan will be as follows: (i) ex-date April 22  2024  (ii) record date April 23  2024 and (iii) payment date May 3  2024.In addition  the AGM appointed Ms. Claudia Parzani as a non-executive director. The advisory vote on the 2023 Remuneration Report was 70.2% positive.Details of the resolutions submitted to the AGM are available on the Company's corporate website (www.stellantis.com).# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It's best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Results', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'USD/EUR foreign exchange reference rate', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR 4.7 billion dividend distribution', 'Stellantis 2024 Annual General Meeting', 'European Central Bank', 'Ms. Claudia Parzani', 'bold strategic plan', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'outstanding common share', 'Stellantis N.V.', '2023 Annual Accounts', 'Citroën', 'common shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Milan', 'executive director', 'advisory vote', '2023 Remuneration Report', 'corporate website', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'Stellantis website', 'record date', 'payment date', 'Results', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'resolutions', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'AGM', 'person', 'proposal', 'NYSE', 'profits', 'schedule', 'addition', 'Details', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information']",2024-04-06,2024-04-16,finanznachrichten.de
39306,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/vantiva-sells-22-million-set-163200106.html,Vantiva Sells 22 Million Set-Top Boxes Powered by Android TV™,Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader enabling Network Service Providers (NSPs) to connect consumers worldwide  today announced that it has sold 22 million set-top boxes (STBs) powered by Android TVTM to date ,"Represents 25% of this market segment worldwidePARIS  April 16  2024 /CNW/ -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader enabling Network Service Providers (NSPs) to connect consumers worldwide  today announced that it has sold 22 million set-top boxes (STBs) powered by Android TVTM to date  strengthening its 25% market share as of the end of 2023 according to the latest Omdia STB 3Q23 report. Vantiva has deployed Android TV since it first became available  implementing more than 30 upgrades and providing the most Netflix  Amazon Prime Video and Disney+ certifications in the industry. Vantiva developed its first STB powered by Android TV in 2015 with SVELTE  followed by JADE in 2020  which is available with Google Assistant for voice control. In 2022  Vantiva introduced SOUNDSCAPE  a CSI Innovation Award winner  that combined a STB and soundbar into a single device.Vantiva Logo""Vantiva has been a significant partner in bringing the Android TV experience to customers around the world "" said Shalini GovilPai  vice president of TV  Google. ""Vantiva reached an impressive milestone  and we're looking forward to continuing to bring innovation and entertainment to viewers for years to come.""ADVERTISEMENTSince 2020  Vantiva contributed to the development and deployment of the Google Common Broadcast Stack software platform across a wide array of customer premises equipment (CPE) and consumer electronics devices used to access video services. The Google Broadcast Stack allows NSPs to integrate traditional broadcast streams and conditional access systems (CAS) with over-the-top (OTT) services to manage complexity and create more intuitive viewing experiences for subscribers.""Android TV represents a profound shift for consumers and NSPs by delivering a unified  user-friendly platform with advanced features  such as voice search and content personalization  transforming TVs into smart  versatile entertainment hubs "" said Leopold Diouf  senior vice president of the product division at Vantiva. ""Vantiva has earned the reputation of delivering innovative entertainment experiences for consumers and operators  as shown by our NaviGate IQTM app that provides insight into consumer viewing habits through data analytics and machine learning. We thank Android TV and our valued customers and are grateful for their trust in developing  integrating and supporting cutting-edge set-top boxes around the world.""Story continuesVantiva proposes a comprehensive professional services package including ongoing software upgrades and security maintenance for several years after deployment in the field  positioning Android TV as a highly efficient and enduring solution in the competitive streaming landscape.Reaching 22 million STBs powered by Android TV sold is the latest strategic milestone in Vantiva's ongoing commitment to providing open and innovative technologies for NSPs and Pay TV operators around the world. Vantiva's goal is to bring seamless connectivity and premium entertainment experiences to consumers by creating best-in-class CPE and partnering with the most innovative companies in the connected home ecosystem.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388773/Vantiva_Logo.jpgPDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388771/Vantiva_EN.pdfContact:Vantiva Press RelationsThatcher+Co. for Vantivapress.relations@vantiva.comvantiva@thatcherandco.comFull version in pdf available hereCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vantiva-sells-22-million-set-top-boxes-powered-by-android-tv-302118414.htmlSOURCE VantivaCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2024/16/c5954.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['22 Million Set-Top Boxes', 'Android TV™', 'Vantiva', 'Google Common Broadcast Stack software platform', 'latest Omdia STB 3Q23 report', 'The Google Broadcast Stack', 'comprehensive professional services package', 'smart, versatile entertainment hubs', 'CSI Innovation Award winner', 'unified, user-friendly platform', 'traditional broadcast streams', 'latest strategic milestone', 'global technology leader', 'Network Service Providers', 'customer premises equipment', 'consumer electronics devices', 'conditional access systems', 'intuitive viewing experiences', 'NaviGate IQTM app', 'consumer viewing habits', 'cutting-edge set-top boxes', 'ongoing software upgrades', 'competitive streaming landscape', 'connected home ecosystem', 'premium entertainment experiences', '22 million set-top boxes', 'Amazon Prime Video', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'senior vice president', 'Android TV experience', 'Pay TV operators', 'Vantiva Press Relations', 'video services', 'Google Assistant', 'first STB', 'impressive milestone', 'ongoing commitment', 'innovative technologies', 'innovative companies', 'market segment', 'Android TVTM', '25% market share', 'Disney+ certifications', 'voice control', 'single device', 'significant partner', 'Shalini GovilPai', 'wide array', 'profound shift', 'advanced features', 'voice search', 'content personalization', 'Leopold Diouf', 'product division', 'data analytics', 'machine learning', 'security maintenance', 'enduring solution', '22 million STBs', 'seamless connectivity', 'Full version', 'original content', 'Euronext Paris', 'valued customers', 'several years', 'SOURCE Vantiva', 'Vantiva Logo', '30 upgrades', 'April', 'CNW', 'NSPs', 'consumers', 'date', 'Netflix', 'industry', 'SVELTE', 'JADE', 'SOUNDSCAPE', 'world', 'viewers', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'development', 'deployment', 'CPE', 'complexity', 'subscribers', 'TVs', 'reputation', 'insight', 'trust', 'Story', 'field', 'efficient', 'Reaching', 'open', 'goal', 'class', 'prnewswire', 'Vantiva_Logo', 'PDF', 'Vantiva_EN', 'Contact', 'Thatcher+Co.', 'thatcherandco', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'vantiva-sells', 'archive']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,ca.finance.yahoo.com
39307,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/100384/worldline-and-riskquest-team-on-credit-checking,Worldline and RiskQuest team on credit checking,WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has signed a partnership agreement with the leading risk consultancy firm in the Netherlands RiskQuest BV  part of the Zanders Group  to provide best-in-class credit check processes specific to the Dutch market.,"Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has signed a partnership agreement with the leading risk consultancy firm in the Netherlands RiskQuest BV  part of the Zanders Group  to provide best-in-class credit check processes specific to the Dutch market.Worldline and RiskQuest will join forces to create an open banking-based credit analysis that addresses consumer  private and SME lending  and leasing in relation to the unique characteristics of the Dutch financial landscape. Through this partnership  Worldline's Credit Insight solution will incorporate RiskQuest's significant market expertise  bolstering the already industry-leading services available to Worldline customers.Combining RiskQuest’s significant experience and insights on the Dutch financial environment with Worldline’s global status as an innovative partner for payment services  this partnership will leverage their joint capabilities and further enhance Worldline’s Credit Insight solution which was launched last year. Creating a credit risk analysis solution that is adapted to the unique needs of the Dutch market and is available in a single API  provides a huge advantage as it eliminates the need for multiple connections and multiple formats from and towards many banks. This means that customers can connect to 3 500+ banks in 20 European countries through a single API connection.Besides this large open banking reach and all associated benefits  this solution offers several advantages  such as instant views of customer financial positions  affordability  and risks – directly from bank data. In turn  this significantly lowers the risk of fraud and helps financial institutions adapt to changes in how people bank  complexities driven by high inflation and interest rates  and the disruption brought about by fintech competition.Clement Jozwiak  Head of Products Financial Services: ""We are excited to partner with RiskQuest to harness the synergies of Worldline's open banking platform. This partnership allows us to deliver a best-in-class solution tailored to the unique demands of the Dutch market. Together  we share the ambition to revolutionise credit risk management  providing lenders  leasing providers and financial institutions with an efficient  innovative  and seamlessly integrated credit assessment experience.""Hans Heintz  Director at Zanders Group: ""We look forward to entering into this strategic agreement with Worldline. Our deep understanding of the intricacies of the Dutch financial system  combined with Worldline's comprehensive open banking capabilities  positions us to offer an exceptional credit assessment product. Both companies are committed to empowering Dutch lenders with cutting-edge  secure  and instant credit insights  paving the way for a transformative approach to credit risk management in the Netherlands.""",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.3,0.31,0.4,True,English,"['RiskQuest team', 'credit checking', 'Worldline', 'large open banking reach', 'open banking-based credit analysis', 'leading risk consultancy firm', 'exceptional credit assessment product', 'comprehensive open banking capabilities', 'class credit check processes', 'credit risk analysis solution', 'open banking platform', 'credit risk management', 'credit assessment experience', 'Credit Insight solution', 'customer financial positions', 'Dutch financial landscape', 'Dutch financial environment', 'Dutch financial system', 'single API connection', 'Products Financial Services', 'instant credit insights', 'significant market expertise', 'Netherlands RiskQuest BV', 'class solution', 'significant experience', 'joint capabilities', 'financial institutions', 'Dutch market', 'instant views', 'payment services', 'industry-leading services', 'global leader', 'Zanders Group', 'SME lending', 'unique characteristics', 'global status', 'innovative partner', 'unique needs', 'huge advantage', 'multiple connections', 'multiple formats', 'many banks', '3,500+ banks', '20 European countries', 'associated benefits', 'several advantages', 'bank data', 'high inflation', 'interest rates', 'fintech competition', 'Clement Jozwiak', 'unique demands', 'leasing providers', 'Hans Heintz', 'strategic agreement', 'deep understanding', 'transformative approach', 'Dutch lenders', 'partnership agreement', 'Worldline customers', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'forces', 'private', 'relation', 'Combining', 'affordability', 'risks', 'turn', 'fraud', 'changes', 'people', 'complexities', 'disruption', 'Head', 'synergies', 'ambition', 'seamlessly', 'Director', 'intricacies', 'companies', 'way']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,finextra.com
39308,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/software-firm-planisware-launches-118-billion-ipo-in-paris/ar-BB1lHsdJ,Software firm Planisware launches $1.18 billion IPO in Paris,France's Planisware launched an initial public offering on Tuesday  valuing the software company at 1.11 billion euros ($1.18 billion) and marking the largest IPO on the Euronext Paris stock exchange in the last three years.,France's Planisware launched an initial public offering on Tuesday  valuing the software company at 1.11 billion euros ($1.18 billion) and marking the largest IPO on the Euronext Paris stock exchange in the last three years.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['Software firm', '$1.18 billion IPO', 'Planisware', 'Paris', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'initial public offering', 'last three years', 'software company', '1.11 billion euros', 'largest IPO', 'France', 'Planisware', 'Tuesday']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,msn.com
39309,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-04/61963042-vantiva-sells-22-million-set-top-boxes-powered-by-android-tv-008.htm,Vantiva Sells 22 Million Set-Top Boxes Powered by Android TV,PARIS  April 16  2024 /PRNewswire/ --Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader enabling Network Service Providers (NSPs) to connect consumers worldwide  today announced that it has sold 22 million set-top boxes (STBs) powered by Android ...,"Represents 25% of this market segment worldwidePARIS  April 16  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader enabling Network Service Providers (NSPs) to connect consumers worldwide  today announced that it has sold 22 million set-top boxes (STBs) powered by Android TVTM to date  strengthening its 25% market share as of the end of 2023 according to the latest Omdia STB 3Q23 report. Vantiva has deployed Android TV since it first became available  implementing more than 30 upgrades and providing the most Netflix  Amazon Prime Video and Disney+ certifications in the industry. Vantiva developed its first STB powered by Android TV in 2015 with SVELTE  followed by JADE in 2020  which is available with Google Assistant for voice control. In 2022  Vantiva introduced SOUNDSCAPE  a CSI Innovation Award winner  that combined a STB and soundbar into a single device.""Vantiva has been a significant partner in bringing the Android TV experience to customers around the world "" said Shalini GovilPai  vice president of TV  Google. ""Vantiva reached an impressive milestone  and we're looking forward to continuing to bring innovation and entertainment to viewers for years to come.""Since 2020  Vantiva contributed to the development and deployment of the Google Common Broadcast Stack software platform across a wide array of customer premises equipment (CPE) and consumer electronics devices used to access video services. The Google Broadcast Stack allows NSPs to integrate traditional broadcast streams and conditional access systems (CAS) with over-the-top (OTT) services to manage complexity and create more intuitive viewing experiences for subscribers.""Android TV represents a profound shift for consumers and NSPs by delivering a unified  user-friendly platform with advanced features  such as voice search and content personalization  transforming TVs into smart  versatile entertainment hubs "" said Leopold Diouf  senior vice president of the product division at Vantiva. ""Vantiva has earned the reputation of delivering innovative entertainment experiences for consumers and operators  as shown by our NaviGate IQTM app that provides insight into consumer viewing habits through data analytics and machine learning. We thank Android TV and our valued customers and are grateful for their trust in developing  integrating and supporting cutting-edge set-top boxes around the world.""Vantiva proposes a comprehensive professional services package including ongoing software upgrades and security maintenance for several years after deployment in the field  positioning Android TV as a highly efficient and enduring solution in the competitive streaming landscape.Reaching 22 million STBs powered by Android TV sold is the latest strategic milestone in Vantiva's ongoing commitment to providing open and innovative technologies for NSPs and Pay TV operators around the world. Vantiva's goal is to bring seamless connectivity and premium entertainment experiences to consumers by creating best-in-class CPE and partnering with the most innovative companies in the connected home ecosystem.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388773/Vantiva_Logo.jpgPDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388811/Vantiva_EN.pdfContact:Vantiva Press RelationsThatcher+Co. for Vantivapress.relations@vantiva.comvantiva@thatcherandco.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/vantiva-sells-22-million-set-top-boxes-powered-by-android-tv-302118425.html",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['22 Million Set-Top Boxes', 'Android TV', 'Vantiva', 'Google Common Broadcast Stack software platform', 'latest Omdia STB 3Q23 report', 'The Google Broadcast Stack', 'comprehensive professional services package', 'smart, versatile entertainment hubs', 'CSI Innovation Award winner', 'unified, user-friendly platform', 'traditional broadcast streams', 'latest strategic milestone', 'global technology leader', 'Network Service Providers', 'customer premises equipment', 'consumer electronics devices', 'conditional access systems', 'intuitive viewing experiences', 'NaviGate IQTM app', 'consumer viewing habits', 'cutting-edge set-top boxes', 'ongoing software upgrades', 'competitive streaming landscape', 'connected home ecosystem', 'premium entertainment experiences', 'Amazon Prime Video', 'innovative entertainment experiences', '22 million set-top boxes', 'senior vice president', 'Android TV experience', 'Pay TV operators', 'Vantiva Press Relations', 'video services', 'Google Assistant', 'first STB', 'impressive milestone', 'ongoing commitment', 'innovative technologies', 'innovative companies', 'market segment', 'Android TVTM', '25% market share', 'Disney+ certifications', 'voice control', 'single device', 'significant partner', 'Shalini GovilPai', 'wide array', 'profound shift', 'advanced features', 'voice search', 'content personalization', 'Leopold Diouf', 'product division', 'data analytics', 'machine learning', 'security maintenance', 'enduring solution', 'seamless connectivity', 'original content', 'Euronext Paris', 'valued customers', 'several years', '22 million STBs', '30 upgrades', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NSPs', 'consumers', 'date', 'Netflix', 'industry', 'SVELTE', 'JADE', 'SOUNDSCAPE', 'world', 'viewers', 'development', 'deployment', 'CPE', 'complexity', 'subscribers', 'TVs', 'reputation', 'insight', 'trust', 'field', 'efficient', 'Reaching', 'open', 'goal', 'class', 'Logo', 'Contact', 'Thatcher+Co.', 'thatcherandco', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'vantiva-sells']",2024-04-06,2024-04-16,finanznachrichten.de
39310,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/kbc-group-regarding-kbc-group-060000626.html,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 8 April 2024 and 12 April 2024 ,KBC GroepWithin the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 8 April 2024 and 12 April 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 08-04-2024 70 000 € 4 892 092 € 69.89 € 69.40 € 70.00 09-04-2024 72 000 € 4 997 455 € 69.41 € 69.20 € 70.00 10-04-2024 73 000 € 5 030 503 € 68.91 € 68.34 € 69.66 11-04-2024 74 000 € 5 088 173 € 68.76 € 68.00 € 69.16 12-04-2024 72 000 € 4 965 911 € 68.97 € 68.50 € 69.98Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 14 485 378 on 12 April 2024  for a total consideration of € 858 460 822.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Lowest price Highest price', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'KBC Groep', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '8 April', '12 April', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
39311,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/planisware-launches-1-18-billion-ipo-on-euronext-paris/ar-BB1lGZYm,Planisware launches $1.18 billion IPO on Euronext Paris,French software company Planisware launched an initial public offering priced at 16 euros per share on Tuesday  valuing it at 1.11 billion euros ($1.18 billion)  the largest IPO on Euronext Paris in the last three years.,French software company Planisware launched an initial public offering priced at 16 euros per share on Tuesday  valuing it at 1.11 billion euros ($1.18 billion)  the largest IPO on Euronext Paris in the last three years.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['$1.18 billion IPO', 'Euronext Paris', 'Planisware', 'French software company', 'initial public offering', 'last three years', 'largest IPO', 'Euronext Paris', '1.11 billion euros', '16 euros', 'Planisware', 'share', 'Tuesday']",2024-04-16,2024-04-16,msn.com
