UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/markets/from-gift-city-to-europe-india-inx-ga-to-launch-tax-efficient-ucits-for-indian-investors/article71480345.ece,From GIFT City to Europe: India INX GA to launch tax-efficient UCITS for Indian investors,The initiative will enable retail clients to trade products listed on major European bourses  including the London Stock Exchange (LSE)  Euronext  and Deutsche Börse Xetra  expanding beyond the platform’s current US stock offerings,Resident Indian investors looking to diversify beyond US markets will soon have a direct  tax-smart pipeline into Europe’s leading fund products. BSE-promoted India INX Global Access (INX GA)  operating out of GIFT City in Gujarat  is preparing to launch European UCITS ETFs and Mutual Funds by November this year.The initiative will enable retail clients to trade products listed on major European bourses  including the London Stock Exchange (LSE)  Euronext  and Deutsche Börse Xetra  expanding beyond the platform’s current US stock offerings.“We are working on UCITS. There is a big difference in tax implications between direct exposure through US stocks and taking the same exposure through UCITS ” Ritesh Kumar Varshney  Manager and Director at India INX Global Access told businessline during an exclusive interaction. “We are going to offer two products: UCITS ETF and UCITS MF. We are planning to go live by November. This is our priority project ” he added.UCITS (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) funds are domiciled in jurisdictions such as Luxembourg and Ireland. For Indian tax residents  taking exposure to global equities via Ireland-domiciled UCITS funds offers substantial tax savings compared to direct US stock holdings. While direct US equity investments attract a 30 per cent US withholding tax on dividends and trigger potential US estate taxes (up to 40 per cent) on holdings above $60 000  UCITS funds benefit from bilateral tax treaties that reduce dividend withholding to 15 per cent at the fund level and eliminate US estate tax liability entirely. “These feeder funds are more tax efficient because they are in a jurisdiction where most tax exemptions are there ” Varshney said  noting that while unit fractionalisation will not be available  entry points will remain accessible at around $100 per unit.The product expansion follows a sharp rise in retail participation through GIFT City under the Reserve Bank of India’s Liberalised Remittance Scheme (LRS). Between 2018 and 2022  INX GA functioned primarily as an institutional pipeline for broker subsidiaries setting up in GIFT City. After pivoting to onboard individual retail investors in 2022  trading activity accelerated rapidly. Driven by surging interest from domestic retail investors  India INX Global Access has logged over $40 billion in cumulative trading volume since opening its platform to resident Indian individuals in 2022.The exchange currently generates consistent monthly trading activity of $500 million to $1 billion  fuelled by a massive acceleration in user onboarding. Over a recent five-month stretch  the platform added 2.66 lakh retail investors — securing 66 000 new accounts between April and June before onboarding another 2 lakh clients across July and August — underscoring a dramatic retail shift toward global asset allocation via GIFT City.“Paying $100  any Indian client can start investing. We are an aggregator or a technology platform ” Varshney said. To facilitate retail onboarding  INX GA operates a B2B2C model  partnering directly with domestic Indian brokerages. Over 150 Indian brokers have already tied up with the exchange to offer global products  including Dhan  Samco  Anand Rathi  Motilal Oswal  5paisa  and SMC Global. For international order execution and clearing across European and US markets  INX GA has partnered with six global brokerages: Interactive Brokers LLC  DriveWealth  StoneX  Marex  TradeStation and ViewTrade.To invest  resident Indian clients transfer funds in rupees from their domestic bank accounts to their INX GA trading account in GIFT City  which operates as a deemed foreign jurisdiction under Indian law. Remitting banks verify compliance against the individual’s annual $250 000 LRS threshold and execute the INR-to-USD conversion. “This conversion fee is charged by the bank  and we are pushing banks to take lower fees ” Varshney said. Once credited to the GIFT City account  USD balances reflect in the client’s trading app  where orders are routed to execution brokers across global bourses. Multi-currency conversions for European exchange listings will be handled directly through partner brokers.Published on September 18  2026,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['India INX GA', 'GIFT City', 'tax-efficient UCITS', 'Indian investors', 'Europe', 'BSE-promoted India INX Global Access', '30 per cent US withholding tax', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'potential US estate taxes', 'current US stock offerings', 'US estate tax liability', 'direct US equity investments', 'consistent monthly trading activity', 'direct US stock holdings', 'INX GA trading account', 'substantial tax savings', 'bilateral tax treaties', 'most tax exemptions', 'Liberalised Remittance Scheme', 'cumulative trading volume', 'recent five-month stretch', 'global asset allocation', 'six global brokerages', 'Indian tax residents', 'direct, tax-smart pipeline', 'London Stock Exchange', 'domestic retail investors', 'dramatic retail shift', 'domestic Indian brokerages', '2.66 lakh retail investors', 'major European bourses', 'international order execution', 'Interactive Brokers LLC', 'annual $250,000 LRS threshold', 'Resident Indian investors', 'GIFT City account', 'individual retail investors', 'leading fund products', 'Ritesh Kumar Varshney', 'domestic bank accounts', 'European exchange listings', 'European UCITS ETFs', 'resident Indian clients', 'Ireland-domiciled UCITS funds', '40 per cent', '15 per cent', 'dividend withholding', 'US markets', 'US stocks', 'global bourses', 'tax implications', 'trading app', 'direct exposure', 'retail clients', 'global equities', 'global products', 'SMC Global', '2 lakh clients', 'retail participation', 'retail onboarding', 'fund level', 'institutional pipeline', 'Indian individuals', '66,000 new accounts', '150 Indian brokers', 'Indian law', 'big difference', 'exclusive interaction', 'two products', 'priority project', 'Collective Investment', 'Transferable Securities', 'entry points', 'product expansion', 'sharp rise', 'Reserve Bank', 'broker subsidiaries', 'massive acceleration', 'user onboarding', 'B2B2C model', 'Anand Rathi', 'Motilal Oswal', 'USD conversion', 'conversion fee', 'lower fees', 'USD balances', 'Multi-currency conversions', 'partner brokers', 'UCITS MF.', 'Mutual Funds', 'feeder funds', 'same exposure', 'unit fractionalisation', 'foreign jurisdiction', 'Remitting banks', 'technology platform', 'Gujarat', 'November', 'initiative', 'LSE', 'Euronext', 'Manager', 'Director', 'businessline', 'Undertakings', 'jurisdictions', 'Luxembourg', 'dividends', 'interest', 'opening', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'August', 'aggregator', 'Over', 'Dhan', 'Samco', '5paisa', 'clearing', 'DriveWealth', 'StoneX', 'Marex', 'TradeStation', 'ViewTrade', 'rupees', 'compliance', 'INR', 'orders', 'September']",2026-09-18,2026-09-19,thehindubusinessline.com
57431,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/ipsen-appoints-mariette-finet-to-its-board-of-directors,Ipsen appoints Mariette Finet to its Board of Directors,Ipsen appoints Mariette Finet to its Board of Directors PARIS  FRANCE  18 SEPTEMBER 2026 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today the co-optation of Mariette Finet as a Director to its Board of Directors  effective immediately. Ms. Finet succeeds M…,Ipsen appoints Mariette Finet to its Board of Directors PARIS  FRANCE  18 SEPTEMBER 2026 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today the co-optation of Mariette Finet as a Director to its Board of Directors  effective immediately. Ms. Finet succeeds M…,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.66,0.25,0.09,True,English,"['Mariette Finet', 'Ipsen', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Mariette Finet', 'Ms. Finet', 'Ipsen', 'Board', 'Directors', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'optation']",2026-09-18,2026-09-19,financialpost.com
57432,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2026/09/18/euronext-dublin-chief-insists-ipo-pipeline-strong-after-flurry-of-market-exits/,Euronext Dublin chief insists IPO pipeline ‘strong’ after flurry of market exits,Dublin market faces ‘specific situation’ in losing companies to exchanges elsewhere,Euronext Dublin’s chief executive says the stock exchange’s initial public offering (IPO) pipeline is “probably the strongest that we’ve seen” in years  following a slew of market exits in the past decade amid corporate buyouts and moves to Wall Street.Speaking at a press briefing on Friday  Daryl Byrne said the exchange  which is part of the Euronext family of eight national bourses across Europe  is aiming for five to six listings per annum in the coming years.He said the addition of a number of new listing sponsors to the market in the past 18 months – including Irish corporate finance fintech Assiduous and UK-based Bowsprit – should support flotations of small companies in particular.“We need to get the companies on to the market. That’s why we launched [Euronext] Access  it’s a stepping stone ” Byrne said of the springboard market that has attracted the listings of two small businesses in the past nine months.Euronext Dublin’s head of listings  Niall Jones  says the pipeline spans small companies looking at the access market to those eyeing its growth and main regulated markets. He did not give further details.Stéphane Boujnah  Euronext group chief executive  acknowledged at the briefing that Dublin is alone among the eight markets to see a number of large companies – or so-called large caps – depart in recent times for Wall Street.“The reality of the Irish environment is that large Irish caps are extremely active in the US ” he said. “So  there is a sort of reality of connectivity with Boston rather than Brussels . . . which has created a specific situation. There is no other country in Europe where we’ve lost so much of large caps to the US.”Building materials giant CRH  gambling group Flutter Entertainment and cardboard box-maker Smurfit Kappa (since renamed Smurfit Westrock) have each quit the Irish exchange in the past three years. Of the 23 remaining companies on the growth and main markets  PTSB and Irish Continental Group are the subject of takeover deals  while Donegal Investment Group and Malin Corporation are in effective wind-down.Euronext had been lobbying in recent years for the creation of tax-efficient savings and investment accounts  similar to what the Government plans to unveil in the budget next month. Boujnah said there should be natural interest among “younger generations” in particular  who have driven a rise in activity among retail investors in financial markets globally in recent years.In an interview earlier this week  Boujnah spoke about being open to Euronext merging with its biggest rival  Deutsche Börse  or a tie-up between the groups’ equity exchange businesses. He said on Friday that a number of factors would make a “big bang” merger of the two groups “complicated to execute”.However  he believes Europe needs to build corporations of global scale in certain industries. Boujnah said: “I do believe that in the world where Trump wants us weak  where Putin wants us dead  where Xi Jinping wants us poor – or just rich enough to buy their stuff  but not too much to make things – there is an urgent need for building in Europe companies that are scalable and to make it as quickly as possible.”He highlighted Airbus  formed in 1970 as a collaboration between France  West Germany and the UK  and later joined by Spain  as “a fantastic European success”. It has consistently delivered more planes than Boeing  the previous global leader  since 2019.,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,mixed,0.44,0.12,0.44,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin chief', 'IPO pipeline', 'market exits', 'flurry', 'Irish corporate finance fintech Assiduous', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'five to six listings', 'groups’ equity exchange businesses', 'Euronext group chief executive', 'initial public offering', 'new listing sponsors', 'Irish Continental Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'big bang” merger', 'fantastic European success', 'eight national bourses', 'Donegal Investment Group', 'previous global leader', 'two small businesses', 'past nine months', 'main regulated markets', 'large Irish caps', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'past three years', 'corporate buyouts', 'two groups', 'Irish exchange', 'past 18 months', 'Irish environment', 'gambling group', 'eight markets', 'main markets', 'large caps', 'past decade', 'investment accounts', 'global scale', 'stock exchange', 'financial markets', 'Wall Street', 'Euronext family', 'coming years', 'UK-based Bowsprit', 'small companies', 'stepping stone', 'Niall Jones', 'recent times', 'specific situation', 'other country', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'cardboard box-maker', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'takeover deals', 'Malin Corporation', 'effective wind-down', 'recent years', 'tax-efficient savings', 'natural interest', 'younger generations', 'retail investors', 'biggest rival', 'Xi Jinping', 'urgent need', 'West Germany', 'large companies', 'Euronext Dublin', '23 remaining companies', 'market exits', 'springboard market', 'access market', 'IPO) pipeline', 'press briefing', 'Daryl Byrne', 'slew', 'Friday', 'part', 'annum', 'addition', 'number', 'flotations', 'head', 'growth', 'details', 'reality', 'sort', 'connectivity', 'Boston', 'Brussels', 'PTSB', 'subject', 'creation', 'Government', 'budget', 'rise', 'activity', 'interview', 'tie', 'factors', 'corporations', 'industries', 'world', 'Trump', 'Putin', 'stuff', 'things', 'Airbus', 'collaboration', 'France', 'Spain', 'planes', 'Boeing']",2026-09-18,2026-09-19,irishtimes.com
57433,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/18/the-measures-and-the-difficult-winter-what-k-m-said-and-what-he-didnt-the-pasok-and-paok-transfers-a-super-deal-in-technology-is-coming-billions-raining-down-on-the-athens-stock-exchange-today/,The measures and the difficult winter  what K.M. said (and what he didn’t)  the PASOK and PAOK transfers  a super deal in technology is coming  billions raining down on the Athens Stock Exchange today,Greek banking seeks a larger share of shipping finance while Beijing is hoarding the world’s goldThe post The measures and the difficult winter  what K.M. said (and what he didn’t)  the PASOK and PAOK transfers  a super deal in technology is coming  billions…,Newsroom September 18 09:46Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  we had announced as of the day before yesterday that Mitsotakis would give a taste in yesterday’s interview of the measures to support people through the difficult winter ahead  due to the prolonged and apparently intensifying energy crisis. You will have read the details of the support measures  although most of them will be announced next week. I will note a few key points. First  he will not impose an extraordinary levy on refineries for a third time  as other EU countries will do. And this is because… “three times is the limit of foolishness” (literally  “three times the mistake is not the act of a wise man”)  because we also have elections  but leaving the humor aside  it would be neither right nor fair from a business perspective for a state to keep imposing extraordinary levies  because by now they are no longer extraordinary  and because the very concept of doing business ceases to function if  at every opportunity  the state pretends to be a partner only when there are profits. Otherwise  K.M. also backed Pavlos Marinakis  making it clear  of course  that his view on benefits is a personal one. He also fully backed Giorgos Floridis  essentially saying that a lack of government is a risk and is possible given that none of the opposition parties wants to cooperate. He courteously placed Karamanlis in the category of “inactive politician – former prime minister ” although of course that is not exactly the case either  although I am learning that KKR is already on a road trip with Budapest as its final destination. As for Kasidiaris  Mitsotakis went as far as he needed to  namely that the existing law covers the prohibition on creating a party for this particular person  but in any event the whole issue remained somewhat vague. Now  eight months before the elections  it is a little difficult to give convincing and sincere answers regarding Velopoulos and Latinopoulou.The meeting on the Development LawAmong his many obligations  K.M. had a meeting yesterday at the Maximos Mansion with Takis Theodorikakos and other officials from the Development Ministry regarding the progress of the Development Law. The project is of great interest to both the Maximos Mansion and the Development Ministry  since money is being given to businesses that make investments and create well-paid jobs  thereby having a positive impact on the productive model. Today Theodorikakos will be in Heraklion  Crete  where he will visit two important investments that have been included under the umbrella of the Development Law  while in total more than 90 investment plans in Crete have been included  with a total value of more than €266 million and support exceeding €140 million. More than half concern manufacturing  agri-food and the primary sector. Overall  more than 600 productive investments in industry  worth more than €2 billion  are “underway” across the country  resulting in the creation of more than 10 000 jobs.Kerameus’s measure for TEAs and the banksIn the aftermath of the summer and in the wake of the Thessaloniki International Fair  an important legislative initiative by Labor Minister Niki Kerameus slipped under the radar  as the ministry legislated at the end of August to improve the framework for Occupational Insurance Funds (TEAs)  bringing about significant changes to the way they operate. The aim of the changes is to give employees the opportunity to “build” a second  supplementary pension  in addition to the state pension  by providing significant tax incentives with increased contribution ceilings and lower taxation of benefits as the retirement age rises. Under the regulation  an employee can put up to 35% of their salary into an account annually  either with their own money or with money from their employer. In practice  an employer who may want to provide an employee with a salary benefit can do so by putting money into a TEA account  since there are no contributions. Of course  the employee will not be able to withdraw the money immediately  as these funds are intended for savings  and when they do withdraw them there will be a minimum tax burden of around 2.5%. In addition  the changes allow employees of small businesses to participate in the new “Open Funds ” for whom access to occupational insurance had previously been particularly difficult  while an employee who happens to change jobs or professional status will be able to transfer their vested rights from one TEA to another without losing anything. I am also told that the banks will soon launch relevant products  as they are very interested. Certainly the four systemic banks and Credia Bank will be part of the equation  while Optima Bank had also expressed corresponding interest.TransfersIn PASOK they are now studying the polls  although yesterday Marc gave them a cold shower  and they estimate that Tsipras has hit his ceiling for good  while Nikos’s qualitative indicators are better than Alexis’s (as we said  hope dies last). And they are continuing with the transfers  starting today with independent Corfiot MP Alexandros Avlonitis  who will formally join the party’s parliamentary group. The move has not thrilled PASOK parliamentary group secretary Dimitris Biagkis  who is also elected in Corfu  but Nikos is concerned with maximum consolidation. Next in line is Admiral Apostolakis  who will go to the A’ Piraeus constituency  and then we’ll see.Tzikas at PAOKI’ll stay with PASOK  since during the summer there was strong talk that Tassos Tzikas  the longtime head of TIF-Helexpo  would be a candidate in the A’ Thessaloniki constituency. Nevertheless  Tzikas was announced yesterday by PAOK and will have an important role in the internal organizational structure of the football club  focusing on its transformation as well as the organization’s actual operations  in cooperation with the team’s CEO Agisilaos Toumazatos. In general  the people at PAOK want to bring experienced market executives into the team  and it would not make sense for someone to join a team only to enter politics a few months later  so Tzikas will probably stay… at Toumba.Major acquisition in the technology sector completed – Announcements forthcomingAnd now we move on to the market news  which is particularly interesting. PPC’s long-awaited data-center deal was announced yesterday  but another deal in the technology sector is also coming  one the market is not expecting. As regular readers know  the column prefers to report facts with names attached. However  in this particular case we will leave the names aside  because Dark Room’s inviolable principle is to respect and protect its sources. And having given the necessary explanations  let me say that there is a major and significant deal in the technology sector. It does not involve listed companies and concerns the acquisition of a Greek company by a major foreign player. The consideration is substantial  the agreement has been concluded  and the announcements are a matter of just a few days.Turnover of €2.5 billion to €7.5 billion expected today on the Athens Stock ExchangeFor the rest  it is worth mentioning that all the major brokerage firms are on alert for today’s session because of the upgrade of the Athens Stock Exchange. Estimates are that today’s turnover on the Athens Stock Exchange could range from €2.5 billion to as much as €7.5 billion. The major brokerage firms have secured bank guarantees to cope with the increased volume  and everyone is preparing for the unprecedented—by the standards of the Athens Stock Exchange—trading volume  which will test the resilience of people and systems.Evropi Holdings: Sold the properties in Paiania at a €9.07 million lossThe profitability of Evropi Holdings in the first half of 2026 was decisively burdened by non-recurring accounting entries  mainly related to the forthcoming merger with CrediaBank. Specifically  the company recognized an expense of €6.87 million from its free share-distribution program for executives  as well as a total loss of €9.07 million from the sale of the Paiania property complex for €45.55 million  below its book value. The latter amount includes a €7.77 million loss from the revaluation of the fair value of investment properties and  consequently  the two figures should not be added together. On the other hand  the Group recorded a net gain of €698 000 from sales of investments and securities  as well as investment income of €137 000  while the sale of a property in Marousi to Intracom Holdings for €2.58 million was carried out at book value and did not generate a result. After the above charges  the Group reported published net losses of €13.52 million  compared with adjusted net profits of €0.95 million  while at the pre-tax level adjusted profits amounted to €6.34 million  compared with published losses of €10.27 million  highlighting that the underlying activity remained profitable.Why Vernicos soldFollowing Kiriacoulis  which passed into the control of Panagiotis and Rigas Tzortzis  another historic name in Greek yachting is entering a new era  as Nomad Yachting and Vernicos Yachts signed an initial agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the shares of the latter. The move comes just two months after the strategic partnership between the two companies and essentially marks the changing of the guard at Vernicos Yachts  following more than half a century of presence in the market. Well-informed sources report that Giorgos Vernicos’s decision to proceed with the sale of the company he founded in 1975 is related to the absence of a successor. As for Nomad Yachting  it has been active in marine tourism and yachting since 2017  providing comprehensive services and managing a fleet of vessels. Its principal shareholders are Eirini  Petros and Evgenia Vasilopoulou through Vamare Investments Group  which has also had a presence in shipping for the past 13 years  among other sectors. Upon completion of the agreement  the new entity plans to strengthen its chartering activity  expand its customer base and enrich its exclusive dealerships in the Greek market  while developing new services with an emphasis on premium yachting.From Specifar and pharmaceuticals to Vamare and the wavesThe deal now being set in motion will add another asset to the portfolio of Vamare Investments Group. This is the investment vehicle of the Vasilopoulou family  which was created following the successful exit from Specifar in 2011. At that time  the pharmaceutical company was acquired by the American Watson Pharmaceuticals for €400 million  with an option for additional consideration of up to €40 million. Since then  Vamare has made investments in shipping (Paradise Gas Carriers)  pharmaceuticals (PharmaPath  Innovis  Pharmacenter)  real estate (Vamare Residences)  technology and food service  among other sectors. In real estate  it is behind “Project H” in Kefalari  involving the development of a luxury residential complex on a 2 500-square-meter plot  in cooperation with the architectural firm Fermanoglou Architects  while the family has also invested as a strategic investor in Errikos Arones’s Hellenic Properties. Now it is yachting’s turn  with the acquisition of Vernicos Yachts  with Konstantinos Theodoropoulos  also a shareholder in Nomad Yachting  taking the helm of the new entity.PPC–AmazonAfter the close of the stock-market session  PPC announced yesterday that it had signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Amazon Web Services for the data center in Agios Dimitrios  Kozani  right in the yard of the lignite power plant that was shut down. The name that the market had been trying to guess for months  among Microsoft  Google and Meta  has now appeared in regulated information. PPC has become the owner of a property with a power connection. It provides the land  the buildings and the energy infrastructure. AWS will install and operate the IT equipment and lease the entire facility for 15 years from completion of construction. It will also purchase electricity from PPC through long-term PPAs from renewable sources  aligned with Amazon’s goal of achieving net-zero emissions by 2040. In other words  the same customer pays twice: rent and kilowatt-hours. Initial capacity is 300 MW  with an intention to explore expansion to 1 GW. The MoU also contains some “fine print.” It was characterized as “binding ” but the project and all commercial terms remain subject to final agreements  due diligence  securing the grid connection and obtaining permits. The announcement mentioned neither the size of the investment  nor the rent  nor an installation timetable. In August  Giorgos Stassis was talking about the first phase becoming operational by the end of 2028. At the beginning of the month  Goldman Sachs had set a €27 price target for PPC  with zero contribution from data centers in its base-case scenario. It estimated approximately €4 per share of additional value if the project reaches 1 GW. From tomorrow  the models are being rewritten.AIA “locks in” €11 and looks toward new highsThe share of Athens International Airport is at the center of buying interest  recording its third consecutive gain. In this way  AIA is consolidating above the psychological €11 threshold. Yesterday it closed at €11.27  now “looking toward” the record levels of €11.72 reached last February  as well as the intraday high of €12 reached last January. Trading activity exceeded €5.1 million  with volume approaching 450 000 shares. Market capitalization stands above €3.5 billion  confirming the market’s confidence in the airport’s prospects.Motor Oil a breath away from €70Motor Oil remained on an upward trajectory  closing at a new all-time high of €69.95  which was also the day’s high  coming within a breath of the €70 milestone. The group’s market capitalization now stands at €7.75 billion  confirming its leading position on the Athens Stock Exchange. The rise was supported by high trading activity  with turnover reaching €31.46 million and volume exceeding 450 000 shares  as MOH was already moving to the rhythm of today’s rebalancing. At the same time  this was the third consecutive positive session  with the cumulative gains over the three-day period exceeding 6.5%. The positive sentiment spread across the refining sector as a whole  with HELLENiQ ENERGY also extending its 27-year high and closing at €18.24  moving closer to the all-time record of €18.87  which has stood since September 1999.The black sheep leads the flockCommerzbank brought together several central bankers and bond-market fund managers in Frankfurt yesterday. The keynote speaker at the event’s official dinner and moderator of one of the panels was ODDH’s head  Dimitris Tsakonas. He represented the only BBB-rated country in the program; everyone else was in the A category or above. At meetings of this kind  German bankers do not usually invite someone to the podium out of courtesy  but on the basis of the numbers. On September 11  the Public Debt Management Agency announced that the bond auction scheduled for the 16th would not take place. It had done the same for the one scheduled for June 17. According to information  the market expects another absence in October. The Hellenic Republic raised €4 billion in January at a 3.47% yield and €3 billion in June at around 3.75%  having thus covered 95% of this year’s program. There is no reason for it to pay today’s 4.3% yields. The Greek 10-year bond closed Monday at 4.29%  up from 4.02%–4.07% at the beginning of the month  with the spread at 76 basis points. Oil above $100  the ECB’s key interest rate at 2.5%  and the U.S. 10-year above 5% are putting pressure on all issuers. Italy is paying close to 4.45%. Greece borrows more cheaply than both Rome and Paris  while its average debt-servicing cost  including deferred EFSF interest  was 1.94% at the end of June. Less than half of today’s market rate. Instead of issuing bonds  Athens is repaying them. Early repayments in 2026 are reaching approximately €13 billion  with the aim  according to a competent source  of having debt end the year “below 137%” of GDP. Italy projects 138.6% for itself. At the end of the first quarter  Greece was still first in the EU  at 143.5%. In December  the title changes hands. Moody’s  DBRS and Scope are assessing the Greek economy this month  with Scope  at BBB with a positive outlook  being closer to an upgrade. Fifteen years ago  Greece went to Frankfurt to ask for help. This year it goes there to speak. In the markets  you are invited to the podium when you do not need their money.Ferry ships being laid up early due to the energy crisisWe wrote in recent days about the explosive rise in marine fuel prices. Today we already have the market’s first response. Three ships operating on the Rafina routes have been laid up earlier than planned. But the truly difficult discussion is not whether others will follow. It is who will pay the bill to keep the islands connected through the winter. With MGO at €1 300 per tonne and almost double its February level  the problem is no longer an accounting one. The first early withdrawals of conventional vessels have provided an initial indication of the pressures. After the summer  passenger and private-car traffic declines  but neither permanent residents nor trucks carrying food  medicines  fuel and goods disappear. And this is where things get difficult. The market is already opening a discussion about more flexible scheduling  fewer services during the “dead” periods and greater use of Ro/Ro vessels for freight. All logical on paper. Except that ferry shipping is not an airline. You cannot easily cut capacity  nor can you replace a large conventional vessel with a smaller one from one day to the next. And so  behind the three ships that were laid up early  a much bigger issue emerges. The current model essentially asks companies to maintain routes even in months when their finances may not add up. If fuel prices remain that high  the winter dilemma will be politically difficult. Fewer sailings  more expensive government support  or a change in the rules of the game. Because the islands cannot go into… annual hibernation.Papas and Kapralos leave handwritten wishes in the Euronext Athens bookWe slipped into the office where  after the bell was rung to officially launch the parallel trading of Star Bulk’s shares in Athens  Petros Pappas and Spyros Kapralos left their own handwritten dedications in the official Euronext Athens book. Both  in different styles  sent a message with a clear shipping reference. Petros Pappas wrote: “This day is important for the history of Star Bulk  but we hope also for Greek shipping. Consistency  integrity and respect for our shareholders’ money will continue to keep us at the top.” Spyros Kapralos  for his part  linked Star Bulk’s entry to a broader return of shipping to the Greek capital market. “We move forward with strength  courage and an awareness of the responsibility we are assuming  always guided by the interests of our shareholders  and we look forward to a shipping ecosystem of listed companies that is missing from Euronext Athens.” Keep that last sentence in particular. Because behind the celebratory atmosphere and the bell  Athens’ real challenge is bigger than one more listed shipping company: to create once again a critical mass of shipping companies on the Greek stock exchange. And  as it appears  this is no longer being said only in presentation rooms. It is also being written in the book.Greek banking seeks a larger share of shipping financeOnce upon a time  Greek shipowners mainly had to knock on doors in London  Germany or the Far East to finance their vessels. Now  however  something is changing—and quickly. Keep one number from the latest Allied QuantumSea report: +35.1%. That is how much National Bank  Eurobank  Piraeus and Alpha Bank increased their total financing to Greek shipping in one year  reaching $23.35 billion. During the same period  the other international banks financing Greek shipowners remained essentially unchanged  with a -0.2% change. And this is where the behind-the-scenes story lies. Greek banking is once again looking at shipping not merely as a traditional customer  but as a field in which it is worth claiming a larger piece of the pie. The share of Greek and Cypriot banks has already risen from 34.7% to 41.5% in just one year. The interesting question now is when and whether this 41.5% will pass 50%. Because then we will not simply be talking about a return. We will be talking about a genuine shift in the balance of Greek shipping finance.Paloma Maritime Capital begins its investmentsThe new shipping fund set up by Pietro Corpi and Michalis Kourtesis has begun making investments. The first is the LPG carrier “Gas Aria ” with a capacity of 22 500 cubic meters  built in 2008  which was delivered on August 3 in San Pedro de Macoris  Dominican Republic. Until recently  the vessel sailed as “Laperouse” on behalf of Geogas Trading. It is now beginning its new life with a secured long-term charter  meaning predictable cash flows from day one  a feature that immediately attracts the attention of institutional investors. The acquisition was made through an intermediate ownership structure until the procedures for incorporating it into the Paloma Maritime Capital portfolio are completed. But it was not the only investment. Information indicates that a second LPG carrier has already been secured and a third is in advanced planning. The investment vehicle  quietly established in 2025  with SeaHawk’s principal shareholders as anchor investors  has already raised a significant portion of the $120 million it is seeking from private equity  with a final target investment capacity of $300 million. Pietro Corpi  with 25 years of experience in capital markets and private banking (Euroxx  Eurobank Equities  and a decade at Eurobank Private Bank Luxembourg)  brings the investors and governance. The Kourtesis family  through SeaHawk  has assumed the role of technical and operational manager of the fleet.Beijing is hoarding the world’s goldThe truth is that Goldman Sachs does not have direct access to the vaults of the People’s Bank of China. It does  however  have a model (nowcast) that monitors flows in London’s over-the-counter market. In its latest report  it says that China bought 35 tonnes of gold in July  while the PBoC officially reported that it had bought only 20 tonnes. According to Goldman Sachs  this was not the only time that the official figures differed from what was actually happening in the market. In June  Goldman measured 40 tonnes versus 15 officially reported  and in May  48 versus 10. In total  over the three-month period  GS estimates that China bought 123 tonnes  but reported only 45. On September 7  the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE)  China’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange  announced an addition of 20.2 tonnes in August  the largest increase since October 2023. This is the 22nd consecutive month of purchases  with reserves standing at 2 387 tonnes and accounting for 9% of foreign-exchange reserves  up from 8% in July. China has $350 billion worth of gold in its vaults and has risen to sixth place among the world’s official gold holders. On the other hand  Beijing reduced its holdings of U.S. Treasury bonds by $15.4 billion in July  to $618 billion. They were already at their lowest level since 2008 in June. The all-time high  at $1.317 trillion  dates back to November 2013.Bitcoin feared the Senate  not the FedTheoretically  an increase in the cost of money by a central bank immediately and negatively affects riskier assets. The Fed’s decision to raise dollar interest rates  however  had no impact whatsoever on the cryptocurrency market. Quite the opposite. On Wednesday  during the first half-hour after Kevin Warsh’s interview  bitcoin traded between $75 000 and $76 900 and stabilized around $76 400  exactly where it had been beforehand. On Thursday  it opened at $76 144  0.7% higher  with ethereum at $2 416. The truth is that the painful blow came from another building in Washington. On Tuesday  the Senate failed to muster the 60 votes needed to advance the Clarity Act  the bill that would determine who oversees what in the digital-assets market  under a shared SEC and CFTC framework. At least 10 votes were missing  and this means that the legislation has been kicked down the road to 2027. On Polymarket  the probability of it being passed this year fell to 5%. U.S. spot bitcoin ETFs lost $450.4 million  their largest daily outflow since June  with Fidelity’s FBTC accounting for $214.8 million and BlackRock’s IBIT for $161.7 million. Ethereum ETFs lost another $142 million. Leveraged positions worth more than $570 million were forcibly liquidated. XRP fell 8.3%  while Coinbase and Circle lost more than 10% on the market. Bitcoin fell as low as $75 038. Bitcoin is 8% below its September 4 high  with $80 000 acting as a ceiling since the end of August. The record above $120 000 dates back to October 2025. The total value of the cryptocurrency market is approximately $2.65 trillion  where it was also in May.,neutral,0.14,0.48,0.38,mixed,0.18,0.26,0.56,True,English,"['Athens Stock Exchange', 'difficult winter', 'K.M.', 'PAOK transfers', 'super deal', 'measures', 'PASOK', 'technology', 'Labor Minister Niki Kerameus', 'former prime minister', 'Thessaloniki International Fair', 'important legislative initiative', 'minimum tax burden', 'other EU countries', 'second, supplementary pension', 'significant tax incentives', 'new “Open Funds', 'two important investments', 'four systemic banks', 'Occupational Insurance Funds', 'other officials', 'Protothema.gr', 'difficult winter', 'energy crisis', 'key points', 'extraordinary levy', 'third time', 'three times', 'wise man', 'extraordinary levies', 'K.M.', 'Pavlos Marinakis', 'personal one', 'Giorgos Floridis', 'opposition parties', 'inactive politician', 'road trip', 'final destination', 'existing law', 'particular person', 'sincere answers', 'Development Law', 'many obligations', 'Maximos Mansion', 'great interest', 'positive impact', 'productive model', '90 investment plans', 'half concern', 'primary sector', '600 productive investments', 'contribution ceilings', 'lower taxation', 'retirement age', 'professional status', 'vested rights', 'one TEA', 'relevant products', 'Credia Bank', 'Optima Bank', 'corresponding interest', 'cold shower', 'qualitative indicators', 'significant changes', 'state pension', 'Development Ministry', 'business perspective', 'Takis Theodorikakos', 'total value', 'salary benefit', 'TEA account', 'small businesses', 'support measures', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'day', 'Mitsotakis', 'taste', 'interview', 'people', 'intensifying', 'details', 'refineries', 'limit', 'foolishness', 'mistake', 'elections', 'humor', 'concept', 'opportunity', 'partner', 'profits', 'benefits', 'lack', 'government', 'risk', 'none', 'Karamanlis', 'category', 'case', 'KKR', 'Budapest', 'Kasidiaris', 'prohibition', 'party', 'event', 'issue', 'convincing', 'Velopoulos', 'Latinopoulou', 'meeting', 'progress', 'project', 'money', 'jobs', 'Heraklion', 'Crete', 'umbrella', 'More', 'manufacturing', 'agri-food', 'industry', 'country', 'creation', 'TEAs', 'aftermath', 'summer', 'wake', 'radar', 'end', 'August', 'framework', 'way', 'aim', 'employees', 'addition', 'regulation', 'employer', 'practice', 'contributions', 'savings', 'access', 'equation', 'Transfers', 'PASOK', 'polls', 'Marc', 'Tsipras', 'good', 'Nikos', 'Alexis', 'conti', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρα μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-09-18,2026-09-19,en.protothema.gr
