UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
44453,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/earnings-call-tmx-group-reports-robust-q2-2024-financials-growth-initiatives-93CH-3554055,Earnings call: TMX Group reports robust Q2 2024 financials  growth initiatives By Investing.com,Earnings call: TMX Group reports robust Q2 2024 financials  growth initiatives,TMX Group (TSX:X)  the operator of the Toronto Stock Exchange and other financial services  has announced a strong second quarter for the fiscal year 2024.The company reported an 18% year-over-year increase in revenue  buoyed by the inclusion of CAD69.9 million from the newly acquired TMX VettaFi and growth across its various segments including TMX Trayport  derivatives  and equities. Adjusted earnings per share also saw an 8% rise compared to the previous year.Key initiatives driving growth include international expansion of its listing franchise  the integration of TMX VettaFi  and the development of new financial products such as the CORRA futures.Key TakeawaysTMX Group announced an 18% increase in revenue and an 8% increase in adjusted earnings per share YoY.The growth was primarily driven by the inclusion of TMX VettaFi and increased revenues from multiple business segments.The company is focusing on four key priority areas: listings and beyond  beyond traders  beyond market data  and getting beyond borders.TMX Group is expanding its international listing franchise and has integrated TMX VettaFi to bolster its indexing and ETF services.TMX Trayport  derivatives  and equities segments have shown significant revenue growth.Company OutlookTMX Group is committed to accelerating growth through strategic initiatives in listings  trading  market data  and international expansion.The company aims to return to its target leverage range by the end of 2025 and has approved a quarterly dividend of CAD0.19 per common share  payable on August 30th.Bearish HighlightsCapital Formation revenue declined by 4%.Operating expenses increased by 27% due to the integration of TMX VettaFi and other expansion costs.The revenue from the digital distribution side can be variable due to client budget cycles.Bullish HighlightsTMX VettaFi's integration with TMX Datalinx is focused on enhancing sales and distribution capabilities.The company is exploring new fund opportunities using data sets from Datalinx and Trayport franchises.TMX Group's CDS business is outperforming the market with the launch of new services like CCMS and SGC Notes.MissesThe go-live date for a major new system has been delayed to the beginning of 2025  extending the program's timeline.Q&A HighlightsTMX Group's CEO and CFO discussed the competitive advantages of TMX VettaFi  the impact of non-recurring expenses  and the sensitivity of TMX Trust's net interest income to interest rate changes.They also highlighted the growth potential of TMX's post-trade services and provided updates on the post-trade modernization initiative.The company's strategic focus on expanding its listing franchise and developing new products is evident in its international growth  with over 230 international companies now listed on the TSX or TSX Venture.TMX VettaFi's acquisition earlier this year has enhanced TMX Group's offerings in indexing and ETFs  with a revenue mix heavily reliant on indexing fees tied to assets under management.The TMX Trayport segment has seen a 19% revenue increase  while derivatives trading and clearing revenue has grown by 20%  primarily due to higher volumes at the Montreal Exchange and CDCC.Equities and fixed income trading and clearing have also seen a 14% revenue increase  with overall adjusted diluted earnings per share growing by 13%.Pricing changes implemented in January have contributed to the revenue increase  with the CORRA futures product showing strong adoption. BOX revenue has grown by 29%  thanks to higher volumes and rates per contract.Despite these successes  the company has also faced increased operating expenses  up by 27%  largely due to the integration of TMX VettaFi and U.S. expansion initiatives.TMX Group's robust financial performance  strategic acquisitions  and focus on innovation position it well for future growth. The company has laid out a clear path toward leveraging its recent acquisitions and expanding its suite of financial services  aiming to provide more comprehensive solutions to its clients globally.Full transcript - None (TMXXF) Q2 2024:Operator: Good morning  ladies and gentlemen  and welcome to the TMX Group Limited Q2 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Thursday  August 1  2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to Amin Mousavian  Vice President  Investor Relations and Treasury at TMX Group. Please go ahead.Amin Mousavian: Thank you and good morning  everyone. Live from New York  it's Thursday morning. We're hosting today's call from our TMX VettaFi office in New York. Thanks for joining us to discuss the 2024 second quarter results for TMX Group. We announced our results for another strong quarter late yesterday and copies of our press release and MD&A are available on tmx.com under Investor Relations. This morning we have with us John McKenzie  our Chief Executive Officer; and David Arnold  our Chief Financial Officer. Following the opening remarks  we will have a question and answer session. Before we begin  let's cover our forward-looking legal disclosure. Certain statements made during this call may relate to future events and expectations and constitute forward-looking information within the meaning of the Canadian Securities Law. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations  and additional information is contained in our press release and periodic reports that we have filed with the regulatory authorities. Now I will turn the call over to John.John McKenzie: Thanks  Amin  and good morning  everyone. Thank you all for joining us today to discuss TMX Group's financial results for the second quarter and the first half of 2024. And as Amin said  we are set up here for the very first time in the VettaFi office in Manhattan. It's certainly been great to be here and engage with all the team and as a clear indicator of our growing global presence. Now  before we turn to business  on behalf of all of us in TMX  and particularly with regards to our teams in both Calgary and Edmonton  I do want to send out a quick message of support from all of us to those that have been impacted by the devastating wildfires this summer in Alberta. We are so very grateful for the efforts of those on the front lines who are working to provide the essential relief needed and the resources to people affected. Our thoughts are with you. Next  I'd also like to thank all of you  particularly who took the time to attend  either in person or virtually  our 2024 Investor Day  accelerating growth last month at the TMX Market Center in Toronto. Now  based on the caliber of the conversations that we had in the room  our interactions with many of you  and the feedback received by the IR team  this was a big success  and particularly the exceptionally strong level of engagement from all of you  our analysts and investors. Candidly  we drive a ton of value from your informed and thought-provoking questions and I want to thank you again for bringing your A-games to TMX's Investor Day. And for those that haven't  I would encourage all of you to watch the event. You can review the recorded webcast on investorday.tmx.com. Now  in executing against that plan  TMX delivered excellent results for the second quarter and the first six months of 2024  highlighted by strong performances across the franchise. We will go deeper into the year-over-year analysis in a few moments  but I want to start by emphasizing TMX's core winning trades that fuel our success. One  a dynamic  high-performance business model made up of complementary assets built to perform and endure. Two  a strong balance sheet to enable growth acceleration via acquisitions like the recent additions of AST Canada and TMX VettaFi. Three  a proven strategy and a track record of strategic execution. Four  which is underpinned by leading-edge technology and our winning this trait in TMX's most powerful asset. Number five  our people. Our people are driven by a unified purpose to make markets better and empower bold ideas. At Investor Day  we also introduced new concepts  an internal rallying cry and a lens which we see the landscape evolving in front of us. TM2X  with a little bit of history here  it took us 14 years to build the business  from generating CAD500 million in revenue to over CAD1 billion. And now we set our objective on doubling that number  doubling to CAD2 billion  but doing it twice as fast. And any successful strategy is about making good choices. We have a powerful and resilient core business that is growing. And in pursuit of our TM2X objective  we are focused squarely on four key priority areas to leverage the strong foundation and accelerate our growth trajectory  listings and beyond  beyond traders  and beyond market data  and getting beyond our borders. And we're well on our way. Our results for the first six months of 2024 stand as compelling evidence of the strategy in action. Overall revenue increased 18% from the first half of 2023 due to the inclusion of CAD69.9 million from TMX VettaFi following the close of the acquisition on January 2  and increased revenues from TMX Trayport  Derivatives Trading and Clearing  Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing. And these year-over-year revenue gains were only offset by a modest shortfall in capital formation. Organic revenue  excluding TMX VettaFi  increased 6% year-over-year and diluted earnings per share on an adjusted basis increased 8% from the first six months of last year. And while total operating expenses increased from the first half of 2023 as well  this is largely due to the inclusion of TMX VettaFi  and David will take a closer look at these expenses in his remarks to follow. Now  moving on to our business areas. I want to start with a crucial core element  not only of TMX's global franchise  but of Canada's economy  and that is capital formation  featuring our listing businesses on the Toronto Stock Exchange and TSX Venture Exchange. Revenue was CAD138.4 million  a 4% decrease from the first six months of 2023  reflecting lower revenue from additional listing fees due to a decrease in the number of financing transactions and dollars raised on the TSX Venture Exchange  but partially offset by an increase in the transactions and dollars raised on Toronto Stock Exchange. And now  while global macroeconomic factors have created challenging capital market conditions over the last 2.5 years  we are seeing important signs of recovery and upward momentum within our ecosystem  particularly in the second quarter of the year. In fact  June was the strongest financing month yet  with just under CAD4 billion raised on TSX and TSX Venture  and we have seen really encouraging signs from the mining sector  which is rebounding from financing lows last year to over 50% of the financing dollars raised on both exchanges this year were raised by mining issuers. And while new mining listings  particularly larger IPOs  have yet to return to average levels  the industry consensus is that the continued reduction of interest rates may just be the catalyst that we've needed  and sometimes one big deal can also act as a spark. In June  Paladin Energy  a Western Australia-based uranium producer  announced a CAD1.14 billion acquisition of Fission Uranium Corp (TSX: )  and announced its intention to list on the TSX. This deal is expected to close in September of this year. The first half of the year also featured positive signs in the technology sector. Overall  financings were CAD417 million  which is a 228% increase from the first half of last year. Some of the new listing highlights include a diverse range of senior and junior companies. Sprott Physical Trust  a CAD151 million IPO by Sprott Asset Management joined the Toronto Stock Exchange in June. And the Nations Royalty Corporation listed on TSX Venture in June. This is the largest majority indigenous-owned public company in the world  specializing in indigenous-owned royalties and revenue streams  in precious metals and critical minerals  oil and gas  and renewable energy. And we continue to make important progress in expanding our listing franchise beyond Canada. With now over 230 international companies calling TSX or TSX Venture home. Our team is promoting the benefits of our unique two-tiered ecosystem around the world and we've built a well-defined pipeline of private companies that we are nurturing and preparing for our markets. It's part of our global growth plan and 55% of the companies in our pipeline are international. Roughly 60% are technology companies. Recent new international entrants to our market include AuMEGA Metals  an ASX-listed mining company  which recently added a TSX Venture listing to raise its profile in North America and expand its access to capital. And Chicane Capital II  a CPC or Capital Pool (NASDAQ: ) Company that completed an IPO on the TSX Venture Exchange. Chicane is a unique partnership between a Chicago deal maker and 4Front Capital  an established Canadian CPC group. And looking beyond the corporates  it was a very strong first half of the year for exchange traded funds with 67 new ETFs from 18 different providers listing on the TSX  from thematics to factors and commodities to income-oriented funds. And with the addition of TMX VettaFi  we have bolstered our ability to service the needs of the industry with a new suite of solutions including digital distribution and profile services. TMX is more embedded and invested in the enduring success of the ETF industry than ever. Now revenue from our GSIA segment in the first half of 2024 increased 44% from 2023  or 10% if you exclude TMX VettaFi. TMX VettaFi's revenue was 24% higher in U.S. dollars compared to the same period last year prior to acquisition  and year-over-year growth was primarily driven by higher indexing revenue  reflecting organic growth in assets under management and revenue from ROBO Global and EQM Indexes  which were acquired in 2023. TMX VettaFi revenue also reported higher revenues related to events  which included their flagship annual exchange conference in February. From the announcement of the deal late last year  we've been clear in framing how the addition of TMX VettaFi accelerates TMX strategic  financial  and transformational objectives. Increasing the proportion of revenue derived from recurring sources which totaled 55% in the first half compared to 53% last year  adding to our fastest growing business area and increasing our global footprint with 49% of TMX's total first half revenue derived from outside of Canada  up from 41% in 2023. But the most exciting prospect of all is what it means for our clients. TMX VettaFi strengthens our ability to serve the needs of the indexing and the ETF community  an important and growing client base here in Canada and around the world. And TMX VettaFi supports clients throughout the entire ETF product lifecycle  using digital properties and tools to gather user behavior  intelligence to inform ETF issuer and client needs. Applying the expertise of our index team in various sectors and thematics to assist with index design and prototyping  then supporting the ETF launch with data analytics and campaigns through our various web properties  webcasts  and symposia. And from the launch  TMX VettaFi helps support product growth  providing sales lead lists for asset managers using our digital distribution tools  digital marketing  and continued product awareness and education of the exchange conference. Now turning to another important part of GSIA and a key driver of enterprise growth  TMX Trayport continued to deliver strong results through the first half of the year. Revenue grew 19% compared to the first half of last year  or 16% in pound sterling  driven by a 24% increase in total licenses  annual price adjustments  and higher revenue from data analytics and other trader products. TMX Trayports' powerful core jewel network continues to grow  augmenting tools  insights  and analytic capabilities to enhance the overall experience for the energy market client participants. We have over 9000 licensees  the end-user application a utilize tire technology and over 26 000 connections to venues. Now getting beyond that core  TMX Trayport is pursuing opportunities to leverage its proven expertise in modernizing markets to new asset classes and new geographies  aligning our strategy to capitalize on emerging trends including new markets. TMX Trayport's hybrid solution is ideal for markets looking to evolve from paper and telephone  including the Japanese power market. We estimate that this to be the size of the German and French markets combined  where over 30% of Trayport licensees are active. In data and analytics  clients are increasingly seeking out data and analytics to support their businesses. The acquisitions of Tradesignal and VisoTech advance the strategy for us and today our data and analytics segment represents over 11% of Trayport revenue and fast growing. And on technology  TMX Trayport continues to invest in the core technology  including a major architecture project over the next two years that will support the long-term growth of our subscriber base in both core and new markets. Now turning to Derivatives. Derivatives trading and clearing revenue excluding BOX increased 8% year over year. This increase was driven by 1% higher revenue from MX due to an 8% increase in overall volume in the first half of 2024  somewhat offset though by product mix and introductory incentives. Revenue from CDCC increased 22% due to the positive impact of pricing changes which came into effect on January 2024 and higher clearing and repo volumes. Investors continue to turn to our derivative markets in the first six months of the year  resulting in higher activity and increased liquidity across many of MX's key products. Some of the key MX year-over-year highlights include  a 23% higher volume in interest rate products compared to last year. 5% growth in ETF options  5% higher volumes in single share futures  and a record period for our Government of Canada Bond Future products  specifically volumes in our two  our five  and our 10-year contracts grew by 65%  31%  and 13% respectively  compared to the first half of last year. And in addition to all this  we had a 17% increase in overall Oprah interest at June 30th compared to the same time last year. The first half of the year also marked the end of the CDOR era and the industry transitioned to the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average or CORRA. The BAX contract was retired in June and the new three-month CORRA futures contract  or CRA  is now established as the product of reference for short-term interest rate derivatives management. Trading in the CRA continued to gain momentum  reaching nearly 1 million contracts in open interest mid-year and with growing trading activity and extended hours. 2024 has been a tremendous year also for TMX's post-trade business  CDS and CDCC. And this has been marked by significant progress in several key initiatives in partnership with our stakeholders across Canada's capital markets and exciting new products launched in the service to service the evolving needs of our clients. On April 30th  we launched the Canadian Collateral Management Service  or CCMS  a collaboration with Clearstream that is modernizing Canada's funding markets and providing the first triparty repo capability in the country. Our teams continue to work to innovate and push the evolution of markets to create efficiencies and competitive advantage for our clients. On June 10  CDCC announced the launch of SGC Notes  an innovative money market instrument designed to meet the institutional investor demand for bankers' acceptances following the CDOR Cessation on June 24. SGC Notes are linked to the same highly rated Canadian Bank credit exposures as BAs but are secured with a basket of high quality debt securities. The program is in its early days but unique in the world  an asset-backed service offered through a regulated central counterparty clearinghouse and we are excited about the prospects of the future expansion into other marketplaces. Now I'd like to take a moment to thank our client participants for the collaboration  particularly closely with us in our post-trade team  to ensure that we hit a critical milestone in May. And this was the successful transition of Canada's market to T+1 settlement  the reduction of standard settlement from two days to one day. As with so many of TMX's efforts to make markets better  transformational steps of this magnitude cannot be taken alone and we are grateful for the continued partnership of our entire stakeholder community. Similarly  as we move forward  our post-trade modernization program is on track for implementation pending industry readiness and we began the initial participant testing phase in mid-July and will look to go live in the first quarter of 2025. Now  in closing  TMX's first half of the year was marked by strong performances across the business  important milestone achievements  and continued momentum in our key growth initiatives. It is a testament to the intrinsic power of the enterprise and the benefits of staying true to our long-term strategy. And over time  TMX's sustained growth through dramatic shifts and market dynamics  we've risen to every challenge. And now we are poised and determined to pick up the pace to accelerate that growth. We do have the right model  we've got the right strategy  the financial capacity  the right technology  and most importantly  the right people to get it done. And with that  I'll pass the call over to David. Thank you.David Arnold: Thank you  John  and good morning  everyone. We are pleased to report another strong quarter setting a record for revenue  both when we include and exclude TMX VettaFi. This is truly a remarkable achievement for our team  which continues to punch well above our weight  delivering strong and repeatable results. The strong results in the second quarter reflected robust trading volumes in equity and derivatives  and as John mentioned  towards the end of Q2  we saw important signs of recovery in capital raising activity. Now while we are not yet back to our peak levels  these signs are both positive and reassuring that capital raising may be on the way back. Our team is already hard at work on our Q3 opportunities and pipeline  but today is all about speaking to the second quarter that we closed a month ago. So let me turn to that. Our revenue of CAD367.1 million increased 20% compared with Q2 last year and organic revenue grew 9% over the same period. Both of these figures are at the higher end of our long-term financial objectives and we're incredibly proud of what we have achieved this quarter. Turning to our earnings per share  while we reported an increase of 3% in our diluted earnings per share  our adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 13%  driven by CAD17.1 million in higher income from operations compared to Q2 of last year  partially offset by higher net finance costs related to the acquisition of TMX VettaFi. Now while our net finance costs are higher year over year  that is simply due to our higher-than-normal debt levels as we funded the TMX VettaFi acquisition at the beginning of the year. While I will touch on it later  I thought it's important to set this up front that despite higher debt levels  we have secured market competitive rates on our long-term funding  which are well ahead of our internal forecasts to fund our acquisition of TMX VettaFi. Turning now to our businesses  I will start with the segments that saw the largest year-over-year increase. Revenue in our Global Solutions  Insights and Analytics segment grew by 40% this quarter  reflecting CAD32 million for the inclusion of TMX VettaFi. Excluding TMX VettaFi  revenue grew by 9% over the same period  driven mostly by growth from TMX Trayport. Revenue in TMX VettaFi was up 18% in Canadian dollars or 15% higher in U.S. dollars in the second quarter compared to the same period last year prior to the acquisition. The 15% increase in U.S. dollars was driven by higher indexing revenue  reflecting organic growth in assets under management and revenue contribution from the 2023 acquisition of EQM Indexes  as well as higher analytics revenue somewhat offset by lower revenue from digital distribution. TMX VettaFi's assets under management continued to show robust growth  ending the second quarter at $35.9 billion. Revenue from TMX Trayport was up 18% in Canadian dollars or 16% in Pound sterling this quarter  primarily driven by a 24% increase in total licensees  which represent the count of unique chargeable licensees of core TMX Trayport products across our customer segments  including traders  brokers  and exchanges. The revenue increase in Q2 also reflected our annual price adjustments  incremental revenue from our premium product offerings and most notably data analytics and other trader products  and a favorable FX impact of CAD1.3 million compared to last year. TMX Trayport ended the quarter with an annual recurring revenue of CAD220.1 million or GBP127.2  which represents the average recurring revenue for the quarter on an annualized basis. Turning to TMX Datalinx. Revenue in the business grew by 2%  reflecting higher revenue from benchmarking indices driven by the new term CORRA benchmark  as well as higher revenue from data feeds and co-location. In addition  there was a positive impact from the price adjustments that took place earlier this year and a favorable FX impact of $400 000 due to a stronger U.S. dollar. Somewhat offsetting the growth was lower subscriber and usage-based revenue due to a client-specific reduction in an enterprise agreement renewal. Derivatives Trading and Clearing revenue excluding BOX had very strong results in the quarter  which was up 20%  primarily driven by a 21% increase in Montreal Exchange and CDCC volumes. The revenue increase also benefited from the impact of pricing changes which came into effect in January of this year  somewhat offset by a favorable product mix partially due to lower volumes from BAX  which was sunset in June following the transition to CORRA. We are very pleased with the adoption of the CORRA futures product  which have an average daily volume of over 108 000 contracts this year and continue to grow. Looking ahead  we anticipate an increase in the rate per contract  all else being equal  as we conclude  the market making incentives related to the five-year Government of Canada Bond Futures at the end of June. Revenue from BOX increased 29% this quarter  driven by higher volumes  which increased 20% from Q2 of last year  as well as a higher rate per contract reflecting a favorable product mix. In addition  BOX's equity options market share was 7% this quarter  a 1% increase from Q2 of last year. In our equities and fixed income trading and clearing segment  revenue was up 14% in the quarter  driven by an increase of 18% from equities and fixed income trading and 10% from our CDS business. The revenue increase in our equities and fixed income trading business reflected an 18% increase in the overall volumes of securities traded on our equities marketplaces. Trading volumes were up across all of our marketplaces  namely 15% on TSX  28% on TSX Venture Exchange  and 10% on Alpha Exchange. Our combined equities trading market share for TSX and TSXV listed issues was approximately 64% this quarter  down 2% from Q2 of last year  but notably up 1% sequentially versus Q1 of this year. The equity trading activity showed important signs of recovery this quarter  with trading volume and value growing in double digits compared to last year. On the fixed income trading side  revenue increased versus Q2 a year ago  primarily reflecting increased activity in Government of Canada Bonds. The CDS double-digit revenue increase was driven by higher issuer event management fees  higher interest income on short-term deposits  increased eligibility assessment services  and higher exchange-traded volumes. This was somewhat offset by higher rebates. Turning to Capital Formation. Revenue in the segment declined 4% in the quarter  primarily due to lower revenue from TSX Trust. Now  as you'll recall  in the second quarter of last year  we had record TSX Trust revenue driven by significantly higher net interest income reflecting above-average corporate actions activity in that quarter. And despite a strong quarter this year  there was a decline year-over-year compared to that high watermark. The sustaining fees and initial listing fees decreased slightly compared to last year due to lower activity on TSX Venture Exchange  partially offset by increases on TSX. Despite additional listing fees remaining flat year-over-year due to lower average fees  we had strong financing activity this quarter with over CAD7.7 billion raised on our exchanges and 9% higher number of transactions compared to last year. Turning now to our expenses. Operating expenses or operating costs in the second quarter increased by 27% compared to Q2 of last year on a reported basis  driven by the following items. First  an additional CAD28.7 million relating to the inclusion of TMX VettaFi which is now part of the group results  namely CAD12.8 million of operating expenses relating to TMX VettaFi  CAD11.9 million relating to the amortization of acquired TMX VettaFi intangibles  and finally CAD4 million of integration costs. So after adjusting for these  our quarter-over-quarter increase would be approximately 10%. Second  we incurred CAD1.7 million of expenses in the second quarter related to our U.S. expansion initiative  and lastly there was CAD2.3 million increase in BOX's market regulatory-related expenses. So excluding these items  our operating expenses increased by approximately 7% on a comparable basis  reflecting increased employee performance incentive plan costs  largely driven by the increase in our share price and higher revenue-related expenses. So excluding these items  second quarter operating expenses increased approximately 4% compared to last year. Somewhat offsetting the increases  Q2 of last year included CAD700 000 of higher severance and CAD300 000 related to SigmaLogic. Now  looking at our results sequentially  revenue increased CAD21.2 million from the first to the second quarter  reflecting higher revenue across all of our key operating segments  with the exception of global solutions insights and analytics  which included revenue from TMX VettaFi's annual exchange conference in Q1 of '24 and as I noted last quarter  this will be an annual variance when comparing Q2 to Q1 and Q1 to Q4. Capital Formation revenue increased sequentially  primarily reflecting higher additional listings revenue to more transactions  and more dollars raised on exchanges  and higher transfer agency and net interest income revenue in TSX Trust. Equities and derivatives trading volume grew by 10% and 11%  respectively  which drove revenue increases in equity trading  CDS  as well as derivatives trading and clearing. Revenue from BOX increased 7%  driven by a 4% increase in volumes as well as a higher rate per contract reflecting a favorable product mix. Operating expenses in Q2 were down approximately CAD1 million from the first quarter  primarily reflecting decreases of CAD7.2 million related to TMX VettaFi  largely due to the annual exchange conference in Q1  as well as lower acquisition and related expenses of CAD6 million. These decreases were partially offset by higher BOX-related expenses of CAD2.5 million  higher integration costs of CAD2.1 million  and increases in Q2 related to employee performance incentive plan costs  IT operating costs  and revenue-related expenses. Turning now to our balance sheet. You may recall from our Q1 remarks that we repaid the Term A credit facility relating to the TMX VettaFi transaction in full with the proceeds of our Series G  H  and I Debentures back in February. Now  on May 24  we completed a Canadian private placement offering of CAD300 million in our Series J Debenture. The proceeds from this debenture were mainly used for the full repayment of our Term B and C facilities. So  since we have now termed out all three credit facilities at lower rates  all things being equal  the net financing costs incurred in the second half of the year should be lower than the first half. The weighted average interest rate of our total outstanding debt of CAD2.25 billion was approximately 4.17% as at June 30. Now  on June 30  our pro forma debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.2 times. We also held over CAD491 million in cash and marketable securities  which was CAD286 million in excess of the CAD205 million we target to retain for regulatory and related purposes. Net of excess cash  our leverage was 2.8 times. We remain well on track to deliver our deleveraging plan to return to our target range of 1.5 times to 2.5 times by the end of 2025. Now last night  our board approved a quarterly dividend of CAD0.19 common share  payable on August 30th to shareholders of record as of August 16th. In the second quarter  we will pay out 44% of our adjusted earnings per share  while our last 12-months payout ratio is around 48%  which remains at the higher end of our target payout ratio of 40% to 50%. That now concludes my formal remarks. I'd like to turn the call back to Amin for our Q&A period.Amin Mousavian: Thank you  David. Operator  would you please outline the process for the Q&A session?Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Etienne Ricard with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.Etienne Ricard: Thank you. And good morning. On VettaFi  it's great to see new disclosure on AUM this quarter. If we put aside changes in market values  can you please share details on your long-term expectations for net flow growth  as well as the potential for market share gains from other index providers?John McKenzie: Yes. Unfortunately  we're not going to be able to break it down into that kind of detail for you  Etienne. I appreciate the question. We're going to continue to guide you on the overall long-term growth for the franchise  which is in the high growth category  the highest single-low double-digit growth rates. We're completely delivering on that right now. So the -- what you're seeing in terms of the VettaFi results for the first quarter for six months of the year are exactly in line with what we were hoping to when we acquired it and in line with the guidance that we provided. Now  as you said  in terms of the AUM  we are trying to provide more guidance  that growth is a combination of both market value and inflows into those funds  as well as an expansion of the number of funds that we provide. So we are constantly adding new funds as well. We'll think about how we provide more insights into that in terms of new funds that are underpinned by VettaFi indices. But that's what you should expect going forward. That'll be a component of that long-term growth  in terms of that high-single low-double.Etienne Ricard: In your discussions with asset managers that have transitioned to VettaFi  what's the key reason they've made this change?John McKenzie: Yes. The amazing thing is there's so many key reasons. There's a lot of different reasons. And because we have the ability to bring that kind of full suite of services that I talked about earlier. What we're able to do with asset managers  with the team here at VettaFi  is actually work on not just areas where we can convert. So some of the new assets under management are areas where we've actually converted an index they were previously using the one that is a VettaFi index  where we can actually do one that's actually more efficient  lower cost  better tracking those types of things. We can also work on ideation with the firms with the strength of our index factory capability  we can bring a new idea to an ETF manager or build on an idea they have and then ideate it with them and look at how it compares to other benchmarks. And so that's quite powerful. And then when you combine that with the intelligence we can do through our network and the distribution tools  we can bring them a range of solutions that helps to bring them over. Sorry  I just had to cough  so I had to go mute for a second.Etienne Ricard: Okay  all good?David Arnold: Yes. Just John is having a sip of water. So  Etienne  did that give you enough or would you like to follow?Etienne Ricard: No  that's great. And on the topic of digital distribution  how's the integration between VettaFi and Datalinx going? In other words  what's the roadmap over the next year in terms of monetizing the VettaFi data?John McKenzie: Yes  I mean  that integration is well underway. Most of that integration is actually around the sales and distribution side  so that we can move to common sales capability with clients. And it's not just with Datalinx  we're actually trying to do some of that same capability with the folks on the capital formation side that are interacting with ETF and other fund managers as well. Because if we can also provide then the listing activity later on for a new fund  we actually then have an even more complete solution. So that's all well underway. The utilization of data sets is underway as well. The creativity of the team here is looking at data sets  not just within the Datalinx franchise  but also within our Trayport franchise as well. In terms of data  we can potentially utilize to build new funds there as well. And as we bring in new data sets and new geographies and funds as well  that's going to add to the things that we can do.Etienne Ricard: Great. Appreciate the answers.John McKenzie: No. Thank you.Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays. Please go ahead. And Benjamin  you might be on mute.Benjamin Budish: Sorry about that. I certainly was. Good morning and thank you for taking the question. I wanted to come back to VettaFi for a moment. It's helpful to have the enhanced disclosure  but I was wondering if you could kind of go back and remind us about the revenue mix between fees and AUM and other pieces. It just looks like the AUM sort of more than doubled since the beginning of '23  but the revenues are up quite a bit less than that. So just trying to understand how that all works.John McKenzie: Yes  happy to. So on the overall pie  first of all  the majority  more than half the revenue comes from the indexing side. So fees that would be tied to AUM  but not all products are the same. And so depending on the product  depending on the contract  that could be arranged in terms of the kind of the fee per AUM that are in that. So some of the longer-held products that are really  really well established  like the ones that are midstream pipeline products  things like that have higher rates per AUM built in them. When we're adding some new products  sometimes you're building at lower rates until they grow in and then you can expand them over time. So there is a mixture there. And then over time  as a product gets more strong  more dominant  more utilized in a broader base  you can have pricing changes associated with it. So that's the way to think about it. Just more than half of the revenue that's index and AUM base. But within there  you've got a broad mix of things that are very kind of unique IP versus products that are kind of more kind of market benchmarks that would be much lower cost. And you've got a whole range in there.Benjamin Budish: Got it. And just on the same topic. Can you -- I think your constant currency growth was 15% in the quarter. What was the contribution from ROBO Global and EQM? I guess ROBO Global was acquired in April. So maybe that would be similar on a like-for-like. But can you quantify how much EQM would have added or how additive that would have been to that number?David Arnold: A couple of points  1% to 2%.Benjamin Budish: Okay. And then maybe one final one for me just on Datalinx. So you called out client-specific reduction renewals  but it looks like the growth rate there has been sort of slowing since the beginning of '23. I'm just curious  is there anything else to call out? Anything else sort of going on? It looks like the number of market data subs has been kind of flattish. I know that's one of your expected higher growth targets. So anything else to be aware of there in terms of the recent revenue growth deceleration?John McKenzie: No  not really. I mean  we were looking to do this in terms of the mid-singles  in terms of that piece over the long term. And you remember that we also had a period before that we were up over a double-digit. And so there is some pluses and minuses of that. When you look at the subscriptions  we're actually continuing to grow on the derivative side. So we're getting new derivative pickup in subscriptions. And we did have a shortfall on more of the equity side  and that is related to a client issue. So we've got a client with an expense challenge that curtailed their usage  but it is not indicative of the broad business. And so it does put a bit of a headwind on that business in 2024  but it's not indicative of the long term.Benjamin Budish: Got it. Great. Well  thank you for taking my questions.John McKenzie: My pleasure.Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Aravinda Galappatthige with Canaccord. Please go ahead.Aravinda Galappatthige: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple for me. Firstly  on Trayport  obviously  continue to see sort of great numbers there. With respect to sort of your growth initiatives on the geographic side  obviously  Japan and the U.S. and then on the product side  sort of what you developed on Investor Day with respect to oil. How should we see that pacing? I mean  when we think about timeline  when should we expect to see those initiatives  that have impacted the numbers over the next year or two? Just wanted to get a sense of that. And secondly  on the derivative side  as you pointed out  there's a little bit of a gap between sort of the volume growth at MX and the revenue growth  obviously because of the transition from BAX. That gap  I know  David  you mentioned it would start to ease. Is that something that will be sort of be sequential or should we sort of expect that gap to be largely closed by the second half? I wanted to get a sense of the pacing there as well. Thank you.John McKenzie: I always joke this is always the challenge of having chats every quarters and then actually having an Investor Day in between them is -- I apologize  we haven't moved those Trayport initiatives as much in the six weeks  since we saw you last. To be candid though  I mean  those are multi-year initiatives. So the kind of timeframe you talked about made a lot of sense in terms of kind of that period. They are different in terms of the ones that are product-related versus the ones that are new geography. So the new geography  like in Japan  is a little different because as that market deregulates  that is actually part of the key piece  in terms of the expansion of the usage. And so we've actually been there and tested with that market earlier on before anybody else. So we're kind of ready to go. And as that market opens up  Trayport is already engaged. We've already got product connectivity  we're already connected to some of the clients. So it's really just about the opening up of the market and we're ready to go. The U.S. market is already an open market. So that's when we're actually trying to change behaviors and transition clients over. And you're seeing it in the results. It's still early stage  but we've gone from kind of 1 million a year out of the U.S. to closer to $6 million only in the last couple of years as we bring it on  both a combination of exchanges  new traders  new market makers  new brokers  and we've got a sales team here that is working on a pipeline of other clients to move across. So you're going to keep seeing that step up in building critical mass in the U.S. And the other area is around kind of asset classes themselves. So we didn't talk about it as much in this call. We talked about it more in the session at the Investor Day. But we are looking at other parts along the spectrum in terms of building out more on the renewable side  on the carbon credit side  but really also looking at how we tackle the oil market. So we're in active discussions with number of participants that would work towards converting the oil market from a phone based market to a Trayport based market. And so that's another one we're going to potentially open up a large market. But these are programs that do take time. They take a lot of heavy lifting and hand-holding because we are changing  very much like the U.S.  changing how the business has been done. So that kind of timeframe  kind of  one to two years in terms of getting to kind of steady state progress  makes a lot of sense. And we'll keep updating as we go  but it is hard to show it quarter-by-quarter. I'm going to let David talk to the derivatives.David Arnold: Yes. So on the MX one  Aravinda. So all else being equal  we should see a positive revenue per contract in Q3 as the five-year rolls off. So unlike our long-term initiatives in Trayport that John was touching on  which will take longer to show like noticeable financial benefits  this one should be as early as Q3  all things being equal.John McKenzie: Yes. And I want to note with that  I'm going to add to it. We put incentives on the two year as well when we brought that to market. Those incentives -- we can't give you the time on it  but they will run off as well. And they have been very successful. So if you actually look at the volume on the two year through the first six months of this year  it's actually exceeding the five-year now. And so it's at that kind of level  60 000 plus contracts a day  that's been an extremely successful product launch. So that's another one that will eventually wind down. And we did put incentives on the CORRA product and that was very deliberate choice because the importance of having BAX to CORRA transition seamlessly and not having that activity then slip into the headcounter market where it would be hard to bring it back on exchange was so important. We made sure those incentives were in there. So that is part of that mix impact in this year. But over time that's going to wear off as well. So these are -- think about it as a step-down. As David said  we've got the five year coming up  but in the future  we will also have the two-year coming off and the CORRA coming off as well.Aravinda Galappatthige: Thank you.Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nik Priebe with CIBC. Please go ahead.Nik Priebe: Thanks. I wanted to bring the conversation back to VettaFi and continue to drill into that in a bit greater depth. The marketplace of index providers seems dominated by select -- few competitors where brand equity actually matters a lot to the commercial viability of financial products that are tracking the index. For fund sponsors that have created products based on VettaFi indices  what has drawn them to VettaFi rather than a larger competitor like an S&P or an MSCI? I just wanted your view on what differentiates VettaFi in that context from some of the larger incumbents.John McKenzie: Yes  there's a number of pieces there. One is -- and I think S&P is a great provider. They're a partner with us as you know  in terms of the large equity indices  the composite  the TSX/S&P 60. But they're less designed to do bespoke custom indices for unique providers. So we can work with a provider and do something custom for them at scale  that meets the specific needs of what they're trying to target for their funds. And that's very difficult for a large player to do in terms of both the scale  compliance  the challenges around that  or even the technology. So that's one of the big advantages. And then what I mentioned earlier on  in our capabilities that we have that are unique to us  we can ideate kind of with them and show them how a product will benchmark against a number of those other global benchmarks and show historical outperformance  those types of things. When you compare that also and add it into the capabilities we built with the data sets  so the ETF analytics  the distribution tools  the network we've got of advisors  it actually really is a unique advantage that some of those even larger firms don't have. So we actually do network out to 200 000 plus advisors. So we can actually give a fund company really early analysis of when you put a new fund out there  who's looking at it  what's the interest level  who do you market it to  those types of things. So it is an end-to-end solution we're providing. And I think you've got to be able to do that  create that compelling value proposition when you are competing with those large players. Now  that being said  the other additional piece is because of our kind of nimbleness size scale  we can also be more cost-effective. So when we're creating new benchmarks  even broad-based benchmarks  we can be more cost-effective than a large player can because if they made a change  they would have to do it for substantial funds that already have assets under management. And so that's kind of one of the benefits of being a strong  nimble  growing player as opposed to an incumbent.Nik Priebe: Okay  that's great color. And can you also tell us a bit more about how the non-indexing component of that business grows over time? Like  it's easier to understand the indexing business and some of the key drivers there. But what about like digital distribution as an example? Is that all about driving more traffic to your digital properties? And can you talk a little bit about how you get paid in that business? Is it mostly sponsored content? Just anything you could share on the non-indexing pieces would be helpful as well.John McKenzie: Yes  there's two components. So I mean  those are all largely subscription-based. So with subscription-based services  we build out the network with the advisors that can use the content for free. But both we produce and we do sponsored content with issuers  with fund creators  and that's all through a subscription model. So both on the distribution side  on the webcast side  the learning side  but also on the ETF and the analytics side of the data analysis are all subscription-based pieces. So in some cases  we may have a client that takes one of those products  they may take multiple products  so we've got an opportunity to actually sell deeper into them. As we had a question earlier on about some of the kind of integration with our sales team  we are actually now selling those products into multiple Canadian dealers now for use in their fund programs. And so we've got multiple new sales that we've actually either closed or in the process of closing again in subscription models for distribution and analytic tools.Nik Priebe: I'll pass the line. Thank you.John McKenzie: Thank you.Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jaeme Gloyn with National Bank Financial. Please go ahead.Jaeme Gloyn: Yes  thanks. Just wanted to touch on OpEx for a second. In terms of this quarter and thinking about upcoming quarters  some of the  let's say  non-recurring items like integration of VettaFi  the incentive compensation this quarter with the share price  how much should we be thinking about in terms of those costs while one time in nature is still recurring in the next quarter?David Arnold: Hi  Jaeme  it's David. As you know  like  we don't really provide the kind of long-term or at least outlook expense guidance. But where we are right now  and that's why I kind of showed you the core  is if you look through some of these anomalous items  the U.S. expansion  adding VettaFi when it's not in the prior period  the share price movement was very  very positive this quarter. So obviously it has a knock-on effect to our share-based compensation programs. When we look through all of that  it's around 4%  right? And that's a pretty good number in my mind for kind of where we are through these anomalous items  if you will. Obviously  the place of the most pressure continues to be in the technology sector  contract renewals  and supplier agreement renewals. There's a lot of pricing pressure in that space. But besides that  it's pretty much business as usual. We continue to expand  though  and invest in growth  right? So we do have more team members at TMX this quarter than we had a year ago. And that'll continue to provide some upward pressure on some of the cost numbers. The other thing that we did  and we touched on it prior in some of our annual disclosure and stuff  is we're really trying to motivate and incentivize our employees with more long-term incentive compensation versus  let's say  pure short-term incentive compensation. And obviously  when we have the share price run up like we've seen in the last six months  that does obviously have a knock-on effect to the compensation and benefits. So it's both a absolute number  but also the breadth and depth of the long-term incentive through the organization.John McKenzie: Yes  let's be fair. Let's call that a high-class problem for this quarter. I've always want to guide and I -- well  we'll have to figure out if we can do better disclosure for this. But if you go back to our circular where we actually show our programs  one of the particular changes that David was just talking to  is we've moved essentially all of our executives to what I'll call a 60-40 mix of incentives  where 60% of the mix is in long term incentives. And in our long-term incentive program  our LTIP program  about 60% of that is in performance share units. And so to be a bit specific  those performance share units  while we hedge all our RSUs  we hedge our underlying share price impacts in our units  they have multipliers in terms of how does the TMX perform compared to the underlying index. And with our share prices being up kind of actually 30%-ish this year and the index up 8%  we're way outperforming the market. So that's a big mark to market adjustment in the quarter. And if you are -- if you're going to see that again in the back half  we need to go up another 30%. And I'm happy for you and to encourage that to happen  but obviously  we wouldn't predict that. So it isn't indicative of the future where those incentive plans are tracking high now and they're mark to market in there. And it doesn't mean there won't be a little bit more but I think we've largely got it in now.Jaeme Gloyn: Okay  understood. On the TSX Trust  just wanted to go back and just verify the sensitivity to interest rates. If we're thinking about the two bank of Canada rate cuts that have come through and we compare Q3 this year versus Q3 next year  we would expect to see some pullback activity and otherwise  all else equal. Can you just refresh us on that impact? And then also maybe a quick look and see how volumes and other factors in TSX Trust might be trending relative to last year's Q3.David Arnold: Let me handle the first part quickly  Jaeme  and then John and I can kind of flip between the two of us for the second part. So for every 25 basis points  it's approximately CAD2 million right now. And as you've seen  we've updated our disclosure every once in a while because there is a mix component that really does cause that to kind of fluctuate. But right now  the really good benchmark is 25 basis points is roughly CAD2 million on an annualized basis. The key point with the Trust business this year versus last year is  as you recall  last year in Q2  we had some large corporate action activity where we were actually the named person on record and there were some large balances and we were able to earn outsized net interest income  relative to this quarter  where we did also participate in some larger corporate actions  but not quite the size of a year ago. So that's really resulted in the year-over-year delta. But the sensitivity piece for sure is every 25 basis points  roughly CAD2 million. John  you can talk a little bit about the pipeline.John McKenzie: Yes. And that's actually the exciting piece is. As David said  even though it's the delta versus last year  it actually exceeded expectations for us in Q2 because that -- like you said  the net interest income is not just the rates  it's the amount of activity there  the cash on balance  which gets impacted by transactions. And we had some really good transactions in Q2  not like the large single one we had last year  but some really good transactions. So as that continues  when you see M&A activity  corporate action continuing  more action in the pipeline  so as those interest rates come down  yes  you have the NII impact  but we do expect to see more transaction activity coming out of that and we will get some of these NII bumps from transaction activity that are unrelated to what's going on with interest rates. So that's why we're in the business. It's one of our kind of hypothesis is when we are in the bigger we build the client base out and we've got almost 1400 transfer agency clients in there and a growing number of trust clients  the more we can do trust activity for them. Always going to be harder to predict and going to be lumpier. But as we get more experience in there  we're going to be able to give better long-term guidance as to what a typical year will look like. But the positive piece  as you indicated  is  yes  we are seeing higher levels of activity.Jaeme Gloyn: Great. And last one  just the CDS equity trading affects Sigma trading  CDS actually surprising in terms of its growth. Like this is -- last several quarters has been running high single digits. I think your guide would be more around low to middle for that business. What I guess is in the numbers in the last several quarters that is driving that higher growth rate. And is it something that we should think is deemed sustainable or is it some of these -- some new initiatives that are hitting the run rate already?David Arnold: Yes. So I'll start on this one and then I'll hand to John. So one of the things we covered at the Investor Day is post trade is really a growth engine for us at TMX. Obviously  CDS is part of our equities trading and fixed-income clearing kind of segment. So when we show that in our long-term financial objectives  as you've seen  Jaeme  we basically say that's going to grow as the market grows. But our CDS business  as you rightfully pointed out  has outperformed the market. And that's because of a lot of these initiatives that we have underway that are really not our dreamt-up kind of hypothesis. They're really in response to client needs where clients are very interested in additional post-trade services. And so we're building solutions that are actually meeting their needs. So stay tuned because  at some point John and I discussed there might be a need for us to kind of break out CDS and CDCC from the kind of long-term financial objectives because they might actually be vectoring slightly more than the other part that they're included with  for example  equities and fixed income trading. John?John McKenzie: Yes. And the other piece I will add on that  the growth that you've seen in the first half of the year with both CDS and CDCC really are not yet impacted by the two major programs we just launched. So the fact that we launched the CCMS service on CDS and the SGC Notes service on CDCC both have upside potential for both those businesses. And interesting  on both of them  they have upside potential across different parts of the franchise as well. And let me explain that for a second. The more we can do collateral management services for the clients  we free up also collateral in their system that can then be deployed in more trading activity. So if you think about it as the fuel for trading  what we're doing is giving more of that fuel back. So there's the revenue for buying the service and then there's the extra liquidity that can come into the market. On the other side  the SGC Notes those collateral notes  and again  this has just been launched  so it's not actually driving revenue at all at this point. It has multiple points of revenue drivers as that gets successful. The issuance side  the clearing activity which would run through CDCC  and also the backdrop in terms of the securitization of the product  the trustee is TSX Trust. So this is another example of using kind of the enterprise power of TMX in multiple parts of the franchise to deliver a solution for the clients. And you'll see that revenue across multiple parts.Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Graham Ryding with TD Securities. Please go ahead. Graham  you might be on mute.Graham Ryding: Yes  I was on mute. Apologies. I just want to touch on the post trade modernization initiative. I think CapEx spend was increased there again. So maybe just what's your visibility or confidence level that this revised budget should capture the sort of timing and the investment required? And then secondly  coming out of this  what are the benefits and the payback that you're looking to generate?John McKenzie: Yes  both are excellent questions. So  candidly  first of all  the change in the estimates is really just a factor of time. It's the fact that we've now set the actual go-live date in Q1 of next year. So the time in terms of development work over that period continues to accrue there and the time before we can sunset the existing system at the same time. This was our expectation. So our intention was to be ready to go live at the end of this year. We will be. The really important milestone was that two weeks ago we launched the industry-wide testing that couldn't start until T+1 was done and settled and the industry was ready to go. So we have the participants connected to the system. We've got a long-term test program in it to test all of it because this is core to everyone's systems. And so that will run for a number of months. And then you've got -- as you would expect for a major program  kind of shakedown  dress rehearsal  testing like that. The challenge is -- that because of the timing of T+1 and when we could restart  that would push into what could be a go-live at  -- near the end of 2024. That's a high-risk factor to try to push a go-live of a major system at the end of the year when you're hitting code freezes for major participants  bank  things like that. So we made the decision that we would do this in the beginning of 2025. And so it just does mean we run the program a little longer and that's what's reflected in the estimates. Now  in terms of the payback and the benefits  I mean  obviously you're going to see the amortization of the program that will come into our economics when we go live. But we are going to sunset the older system  which is a higher-cost system to run. So that in terms of mainframe and all the pieces around it  if that system costs more to run  we're going to be able to shut that down. We're going to be able to shut down the expense side of the program or redeploy that expense into other development programs in the company. And we are going to be refiling our pricing program for the removal of the rebates. Now  that's already on the public record  and so we will be pushing that forward once we demonstrate to the street that we've got a working product here that's going to meet their needs. So all those pieces are part of the program. The additional piece is that the new system  once live  is going to be a better system for the industry. Better reporting  better usability should help them manage their positions better as well. And in addition  it sets us up to do more things  like things like CCMS  SGC Notes  and kind of the next stage of where we can take those two. So that's the way to think about it in terms of enabling our future growth  but also some direct benefits as well.Graham Ryding: Okay  understood. That's helpful. On VettaFi  the revenue that you get from the digital distribution side of your business  like how consistent or recurring is that? Should we think about as being more lumpier and episodic? Or is that -- is there a regular run rate? Because I think you flagged it as being down year-over-year this quarter.John McKenzie: Yes  I mean  it can have some lumpiness to it because while it is subscription-based  this is often the marketing departments of funds that are actually using some of those services. And so you can get some -- like anything else  you can have areas where a company has  they don't have budget left  so they're going to do it the next year  or they've got excess budget  and they want to get something done for a certain time period that works with their year-end or their budget. So you do have some client budget pieces that will drive some lumpiness there. And as we get more experience with it  we'll be able to give more guidance as to what the long term run rates look like.Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn it back to Amin Mousavian for closing remarks.Amin Mousavian: Thank you  everyone  for joining our call today. If you have any further questions  contact information for Investor Relations as well as media is in our press release  and be more than happy to get back to you. Until next time  goodbye.Operator: Thank you  presenters. And ladies and gentlemen  this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.35,0.65,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.26,0.11,True,English,"['robust Q2 2024 financials', 'Earnings call', 'TMX Group', 'growth initiatives', 'Investing', 'TMX Group Limited Q2 2024 Financial Results Conference Call', 'four key priority areas', 'U.S. expansion initiatives', 'overall adjusted diluted earnings', 'The TMX Trayport segment', 'robust financial performance', '2024 second quarter results', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'target leverage range', 'client budget cycles', 'net interest income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'other financial services', 'other expansion costs', 'new financial products', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'digital distribution side', 'interest rate changes', 'post-trade modernization initiative', 'new fund opportunities', 'major new system', 'strong second quarter', 'fixed income trading', 'CORRA futures product', 'Capital Formation revenue', 'multiple business segments', 'Q&A Highlights', 'TMX VettaFi office', 'international listing franchise', 'significant revenue growth', 'Adjusted earnings', 'Key initiatives', 'strong quarter', 'international expansion', 'new products', 'post-trade services', 'Key Takeaways', 'strategic initiatives', 'new services', 'distribution capabilities', 'Trayport franchises', 'CDS business', 'Montreal Exchange', 'Pricing changes', 'MD&A', 'New York', 'various segments', 'Bearish Highlights', 'Bullish Highlights', 'strong adoption', 'TMX Trust', 'tmx.com', 'ETF services', '230 international companies', 'fiscal year', 'previous year', 'quarterly dividend', 'August 30th', 'Operating expenses', 'data sets', 'SGC Notes', 'live date', 'competitive advantages', 'non-recurring expenses', 'higher volumes', 'strategic acquisitions', 'clear path', 'recent acquisitions', 'comprehensive solutions', 'Full transcript', 'Amin Mousavian', 'Vice President', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'John McKenzie', 'David Arnold', 'opening remarks', 'answer session', 'revenue mix', 'BOX revenue', 'international growth', 'TMX Datalinx', 'year increase', 'market data', 'equities segments', 'growth potential', 'future growth', '19% revenue increase', '14% revenue increase', 'strategic focus', 'good morning', 'clearing revenue', 'TSX Venture', 'indexing fees', 'common share', 'Company Outlook', '18% increase', 'operator', 'inclusion', 'CAD69', 'derivatives', '8% rise', 'integration', 'development', 'YoY', 'revenues', 'listings', 'traders', 'borders', 'sales', 'launch', 'CCMS', 'Misses', 'beginning', 'program', 'timeline', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'impact', 'sensitivity', 'updates', 'offerings', 'ETFs', 'assets', 'management', 'CDCC', 'January', 'rates', 'contract', 'successes', 'innovation', 'suite', 'clients', 'None', 'TMXXF', 'ladies', 'gentlemen', 'Thursday', 'Treasury', 'everyone', 'copies', 'question', '29']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,investing.com
44454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-dividend-stocks-euronext-paris-060346450.html,Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris For August 2024,The French market has recently seen a notable decline  with the CAC 40 Index dropping by 3.54% amid global economic concerns and weak U.S. data influencing...,The French market has recently seen a notable decline  with the CAC 40 Index dropping by 3.54% amid global economic concerns and weak U.S. data influencing investor sentiment. Despite this downturn  dividend stocks remain an attractive option for investors seeking steady income and potential growth in uncertain times. In this article  we will explore three top dividend stocks on Euronext Paris that stand out for their strong fundamentals and consistent payout histories.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat (ENXTPA:VCT) 6.37%  Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.96%  CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.86%  Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 5.95%  VIEL & Cie socit anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 4.01%  Caisse Rgionale de Crdit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc Socit cooprative (ENXTPA:CRLA) 5.83%  Rexel (ENXTPA:RXL) 5.58%  Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 4.28%  Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 4.44%  Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 8.47% Click here to see the full list of 34 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Let's dive into some prime choices out of the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: Overview: CBo Territoria SA operates in urban planning  property development  and investment activities in France with a market cap of 125.34 million.Operations: CBo Territoria SA's revenue segments include Land (25.51 million) and Promotion (58.08 million).Dividend Yield: 6.9%CBOT's dividend payments are well-covered by earnings (61% payout ratio) and free cash flows (25.4% cash payout ratio)  ensuring sustainability. The company offers a high and reliable dividend yield of 6.86%  placing it in the top 25% of French dividend payers. With stable dividends over the past decade and a low price-to-earnings ratio of 8.9x compared to the market average  CBOT presents an attractive option for income-focused investors despite its high debt levels.ENXTPA:CBOT Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: Overview: Rubis operates bulk liquid storage facilities for commercial and industrial customers across Europe  Africa  and the Caribbean  with a market cap of 2.96 billion.Operations: Rubis generates revenue primarily from Energy Distribution (6.58 billion) and Renewable Electricity Production (48.64 million).Dividend Yield: 7.0%Rubis offers a high and reliable dividend yield of 6.96%  placing it in the top 25% of French dividend payers. Over the past decade  dividends have been stable and growing with minimal volatility. Despite a high level of debt  Rubis maintains sustainable dividends  covered by earnings (57.7% payout ratio) and cash flows (73.8% cash payout ratio). The company trades at a favorable price-to-earnings ratio of 8.4x compared to the market average  enhancing its appeal for income-focused investors.Story continuesENXTPA:RUI Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: Overview: TF1 SA operates in broadcasting  studios and entertainment  and digital businesses in France and internationally  with a market cap of approximately 1.68 billion.Operations: TF1 SA generates revenue primarily from Newen Studios (377.40 million) and Media  including Digital (2.06 billion).Dividend Yield: 6.9%TF1's dividend yield of 6.91% ranks in the top 25% of French dividend payers. The dividends are covered by earnings (62.2% payout ratio) and cash flows (53.3% cash payout ratio). However  the dividend payments have been volatile over the past decade and have not increased during this period. Recent earnings show a slight decline  with net income for H1 2024 at 96 million compared to 101.3 million a year ago  indicating potential challenges ahead.ENXTPA:TFI Dividend History as at Aug 2024Key TakeawaysClick through to start exploring the rest of the 31 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks now.Hold shares in these firms? Setup your portfolio in Simply Wall St to seamlessly track your investments and receive personalized updates on your portfolio's performance.Simply Wall St is your key to unlocking global market trends  a free user-friendly app for forward-thinking investors.Seeking Other Investments?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:CBOT ENXTPA:RUI and ENXTPA:TFI.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'August', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat', 'Languedoc Socit cooprative', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', '31 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'Cie socit anonyme', 'Caisse Rgionale de', 'Crdit Agricole Mutuel', 'bulk liquid storage facilities', 'three top dividend stocks', 'weak U.S. data', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'reliable dividend yield', 'French dividend payers', 'global economic concerns', 'Renewable Electricity Production', 'free user-friendly app', 'TFI Dividend History', 'consistent payout histories', 'RUI Dividend History', 'CBOT Dividend History', 'free cash flows', 'global market trends', 'long-term focused analysis', '25.4% cash payout ratio', '73.8% cash payout ratio', '53.3% cash payout ratio', 'CBo Territoria SA', 'high debt levels', 'dividend payments', '57.7% payout ratio', 'French market', 'historical data', 'fundamental data', 'TF1 SA', 'notable decline', 'CAC 40 Index', 'investor sentiment', 'attractive option', 'steady income', 'potential growth', 'uncertain times', 'strong fundamentals', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'prime choices', 'urban planning', 'property development', 'investment activities', 'market cap', 'past decade', 'low price', 'earnings ratio', 'industrial customers', 'Energy Distribution', 'minimal volatility', 'favorable price', 'slight decline', 'net income', 'potential challenges', 'personalized updates', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'qualitative material', 'income-focused investors', 'high level', 'thinking investors', 'ENXTPA:TFI', 'stable dividends', 'market average', 'sustainable dividends', 'digital businesses', 'Newen Studios', 'Recent earnings', 'Key Takeaways', 'Other Investments', 'revenue segments', '34 stocks', 'CBOT ENXTPA', 'downturn', 'article', 'France', 'VCT', 'Rubis', 'Samse', 'VIEL', 'CRLA', 'Rexel', 'RXL', 'Arkema', 'ALEXA', 'ALPDX', 'Overview', 'Operations', 'Land', 'Promotion', 'sustainability', 'Aug', 'commercial', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Caribbean', '4x', 'appeal', 'broadcasting', 'entertainment', 'Media', 'period', 'H1', 'rest', 'shares', 'firms', 'portfolio', 'performance', 'forward', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'Companies', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'team', 'simplywallst']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,finance.yahoo.com
44455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_01a17a83-b9b5-4148-9758-60cfe3759112,3 High Growth Companies With Insider Ownership On Euronext Amsterdam,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use  [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['3 High Growth Companies', 'Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,consent.yahoo.com
44456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_94db55f7-81fd-4f44-9f4b-1018c109490d,Acomo And 2 Other Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use  [+678 chars],neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2 Other Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Acomo', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,consent.yahoo.com
44457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_159dc62c-cf98-49c6-bef2-eaac5c909706,3 Euronext Paris Growth Companies With Up To 101% Earnings Growth,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use  [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['3 Euronext Paris Growth Companies', '101% Earnings Growth', 'Up To', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,consent.yahoo.com
44458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_d0220c3a-beec-46a3-b20e-c06789177f3c,Discover 3 High Growth Companies With Strong Insider Ownership On Euronext Paris,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use  [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['3 High Growth Companies', 'Strong Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Paris', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,consent.yahoo.com
44459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_b9f90ba0-bd11-4d21-be2f-8dfeea6b22f9,3 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership On Euronext Amsterdam Growing Earnings Up To 108%,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use  [+678 chars],neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growing Earnings', 'High Insider Ownership', '3 Growth Companies', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,consent.yahoo.com
44460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924506/0/en/Repurchase-of-Shares.html,Repurchase of Shares,Repurchase of Shares   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 108 368 of its own shares in the period from 26...,Repurchase of SharesAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 108 368 of its own shares in the period from 26 July 2024 up to and including 2 August 2024 at an average price of 15.30.This is in accordance with the 15 million share buyback extension program originally announced on 27 October 2022  of which the period of execution was announced on 28 July 2023 to be extended by 12 months to 26 October 2024. The consideration of this purchase was 1.7 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 817 871 shares at an average price of 17.64 for a total consideration of 14.4 million.2 573 578 shares were held in treasury as of 2 August 2024.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided as is and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (Flow Traders) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as may  will  would  should  expect  intend  estimate  anticipate  project  believe  could  hope  seek  plan  foresee  aim  objective  potential  goal strategy  target  continue and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.26,0.61,True,English,"['Repurchase', 'Shares', '15 million share buyback extension program', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'multiple asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'strategic investment unit', 'leading trading firm', 'intellectual property rights', 'Flow Traders role', 'Flow Traders ability', 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'market innovation', 'market circumstances', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'investment advice', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Eric Pan', 'major exchanges', 'fixed income', 'digital assets', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'trading activities', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', '600 talented professionals', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Financial objectives', 'internal objectives', 'significant bus', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'operational performance', 'information purposes', 'total consideration', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'investor marketing', 'future events', 'Repurchase', 'Shares', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '26 July', '2 August', 'accordance', '27 October', 'execution', '28 July', '12 months', '26 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'ETPs', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'efficiency', 'experience', 'team', 'company', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924660/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority)  PARIS  Aug.  05  2024  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --   Listing market: Euronext......,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority)PARIS  Aug. 05  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of votingrights 07/31/2024 100 093 635 88 029 164For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Interim Chief Financial Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'French financial markets authority', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'General Regulation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'Article', 'PARIS', 'Aug.', 'Date', 'shares', 'capital', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '7']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924487/0/en/Biotalys-Notice-of-Half-Year-2024-Results-and-Business-Highlights.html,Biotalys Notice of Half Year 2024 Results and Business Highlights,Results Webcast and Conference Call to take place on Thursday  22 August 2024 at 15:00 CEST / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET Results Webcast and Conference Call to take place on Thursday  22 August 2024 at 15:00 CEST / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET,Ghent  BELGIUM  Aug. 05  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop protection  today announces that it will publish its consolidated results and business highlights for the first half of 2024 on Thursday  22 August 2024 at 07:00 CEST.Webcast and Conference CallIn addition to the publication of its results  management will host a webcast and conference call followed by a Q&A session  conducted in English. The webcast will be held on Thursday  22 August 2024 at 15:00 CEST / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET and can be accessed via the following link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/igtczv4g.To ask live questions to the management  please register for the conference call via the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI369eee1a131a4309b0a6aabb088c0f6a.A recording of the webcast will be available after the event on the Biotalys investor website: https://www.biotalys.com/investors/financial-information.- ENDS -For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Half Year 2024 Results', 'Biotalys Notice', 'Business Highlights', 'novel AGROBODY technology platform', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Q&A session', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'safer food supply', 'Biotalys investor website', 'Agricultural Technology', 'Investor Relations', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'crop protection', 'business highlights', 'first half', 'Conference Call', 'following link', 'live questions', 'Toon Musschoot', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'AgTech) company', 'consolidated results', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Aug.', 'BTLS', 'Thursday', 'August', '07:00 CEST', 'Webcast', 'addition', 'publication', 'management', 'English', '15:00 CEST', '14:00 GMT', 'media-server', 'mmc', 'vevent', 'BI369eee1a131a4309b0a6aabb088c0f6a', 'recording', 'investors', 'financial-information', 'ENDS', 'Head', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', '2024', '09:00']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924131/0/en/QUADIENT-Quadient-2-25-notes-Outstanding-nominal-amount-on-31-July-2024.html,QUADIENT: Quadient 2.25% notes: Outstanding nominal amount on 31 July 2024,QUADIENT 2.25% NOTES    DUE 2025 - ISIN CODE FR0013478849   Outstanding nominal amount on 31 July 2024      Paris  5th August 2024     The outstanding......,QUADIENT 2.25% NOTESDUE 2025 - ISIN CODE FR0013478849Outstanding nominal amount on 31 July 2024Paris  5th August 2024 The outstanding nominal amount of the notes issued by Quadient on January 23  2020 for an amount of 325 000 000.00 at a rate of 2.25% due 3rd February 2025 (ISIN code FR0013478849) is  260 400 000.00 on 31 July 2024.About QuadientQuadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC Mid & Small and EnterNext Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 61 39c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.02,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Outstanding nominal amount', 'Quadient 2.25% notes', '31 July', 'global automation platform', 'sustainable business connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'EnterNext Tech 40 indices', 'Outstanding nominal amount', 'ISIN CODE', '5th August', '3rd February', 'physical channels', 'growth journey', 'operational efficiency', 'compartment B', 'CAC Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'OPRG Financial', 'digital transformation', 'Euronext Paris', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Quadient shares', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'QUADIENT 2.25% NOTES', 'Quadient', 'DUE', '31 July', 'January', 'rate', 'secure', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'QDT', 'Small', 'information', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924053/0/en/FORVIA-Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,FORVIA: Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  5 August 2024  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and...,Nanterre  5 August 2024Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 ofthe General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85Date Number of shares Total number of voting rights (theoretical) (1) 31 July 2024 197 089 340 231 443 081(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds: yesAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'FORVIA', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'Date Number', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Article L.', 'Nanterre', '5 August', 'shares', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85', 'July', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924495/0/en/Ipsen-July-2024-Monthly-information-relative-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital.html,Ipsen - July 2024 - Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital            (in accordance with Article L.233-8...,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital(in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorit des Marchs Financiers)Market: Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010259150LEI: 549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11Date Total number of shares composing the share capital Total number of voting rights (1) 31 July 2024 83 814 526 Gross total* of voting rights: 132 145  440 Net total** of voting rights: 131 081 175(1) Existence of a statutory clause imposing an obligation to declare threshold crossing complementary to the one relative to the legal thresholds (Article 10).* Gross total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  including the number of shares which benefit of double voting rights and the number of treasury shares. The  Gross total  is used as a basis for the calculation of threshold crossings.** Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Ipsen', 'July', 'shares', 'Autorit des Marchs Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'double voting rights', 'ISIN Code', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory clause', 'legal thresholds', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Article L.', 'treasury shares', 'accordance', 'Market', 'LEI', '549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11', 'Date', 'July', 'Existence', 'obligation', 'basis', 'calculation', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44466,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924040/0/en/SMCP-Liquidity-contract.html,SMCP - Liquidity contract,Press release - Paris  August 5th  2024      Termination and implementation of a liquidity contract with Rothschild Martin Maurel    On August 2nd ...,Press release - Paris  August 5th  2024Termination and implementation of a liquidity contract with Rothschild Martin MaurelOn August 2nd  2024  SMCP terminated the liquidity contract with BNP Paribas Arbitrage since November 28th  2017.On the termination date of this contract  the following assets were booked to the liquidity account:192 555 SMCP shares141 131  16 eurosSMCP (ISIN Code: FR0013214145) announces that it has entrusted Rothschild Martin Maurel with effect from August 5th  2024 and until December 31st  2024  and for a period of one year  tacitly renewable with the implementation of a liquidity and market surveillance contract for its ordinary shares.This contract has been drawn up in accordance with current regulations  and in particular AMF Decision 2021-01 of 22 June 2021. It complies with the code of conduct of the Association Franaise des Marchs Financiers (AMAFI).The purpose of this contract is for Rothschild Martin Maurel to promote SMCP shares on Euronext Paris in compliance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse.The resources allocated to its implementation are:192 555 SMCP shares541 131 16 eurosThis contract will be suspended:in the cases provided for in article 5 of the AMF Decision;or at the request of SMCP for technical reasons (e.g.  the counting of shares with voting rights before a general meeting or the counting of shares with dividend rights before the coupon is detached) for a period defined by SMCP.In addition  this contract may be terminated at any time  by SMCP without notice  or by Rothschild Martin Maurel with one month's notice.DisclaimerCertain information included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.ABOUT SMCPSMCP is a global leader in the accessible luxury market with four unique Parisian brands: Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac. Present in 46 countries  the Group comprises a network of over 1 600 stores globally and a strong digital presence in all its key markets. Evelyne Chetrite and Judith Milgrom founded Sandro and Maje in Paris  in 1984 and 1998 respectively  and continue to provide creative direction for the brands. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac were respectively acquired by SMCP in 2009 and 2019. SMCP is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment A  ISIN Code FR0013214145  ticker: SMCP).CONTACTSINVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amlie Dernis Hugues Boton Tristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 1 55 80 51 00 +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83 amelie.dernis@smcp.com smcp@brunswickgroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Liquidity contract', 'SMCP', 'INVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amlie Dernis Hugues Boton Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'Association Franaise des Marchs Financiers', 'four unique Parisian brands', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'Rothschild Martin Maurel', 'BNP Paribas Arbitrage', 'accessible luxury market', 'strong digital presence', 'market surveillance contract', 'market abuse', 'Press release', 'August 5th', 'August 2nd', 'following assets', 'December 31st', 'one year', 'current regulations', 'AMF Decision', 'EU) No', 'European Parliament', 'technical reasons', 'voting rights', 'general meeting', 'dividend rights', 'one month', 'looking statements', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'global leader', 'Claudie Pierlot', 'key markets', 'Evelyne Chetrite', 'Judith Milgrom', 'creative direction', 'compartment A', 'liquidity account', 'ISIN Code', 'ordinary shares', '555 SMCP shares', 'termination date', 'liquidity contract', 'implementation', 'November', 'effect', 'period', 'accordance', '22 June', 'conduct', 'AMAFI', 'purpose', 'compliance', 'provisions', 'Council', '16 April', 'resources', 'cases', 'article', 'request', 'counting', 'coupon', 'addition', 'time', 'notice', 'Disclaimer', 'information', 'known', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'offer', 'securities', 'sale', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'France', 'Sandro', 'Maje', 'Fursac', '46 countries', 'Group', 'network', '1,600 stores', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44467,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/company-news/citi-sees-significant-upside-for-ucb-stock-with-strong-bimzelx-and-rystiggo-prospects-93CH-3553965,Citi sees significant upside for UCB stock with strong Bimzelx and Rystiggo prospects By Investing.com,Citi sees significant upside for UCB stock with strong Bimzelx and Rystiggo prospects,On Monday  Citi reaffirmed its Buy rating on UCB SA (Euronext Brussels:UCB) stock with a steadfast price target of 161.00. The optimism from the firm is rooted in the potential growth of UCB's products and pipeline  despite the company's shares nearing the target price.Citi highlighted the upside risks to their sales expectations for UCB's Bimzelx/Rystiggo  which could surpass the forecast with 4.2 billion and 1.0 billion in peak sales  respectively.The firm's analysis also recognizes the value in UCB's pipeline  which could yield peak sales of 3 billion against a forecast research and development expenditure greater than 22 billion.Additional positive factors for UCB's outlook include recent developments such as Biogen (NASDAQ: ) returning the biosimilar Cimzia rights to Xbrane. Moreover  UCB has the opportunity to reclaim the Japan rights for Cimzia from Astellas in 2026  which could further benefit from the commercial infrastructure established for Bimzelx. The bull-bear valuation presented by Citi ranges between 224 and 109.In the United States  the launch trajectory for Bimzelx/Rystiggo is showing promising trends  with transaction records (TRx) performing well compared to its peers.European market data from IQVIA indicates that Bimzelx's sales in April 2024 exceeded 20 million  with projections for 2024 exceeding 300 million. Citi's peak sales estimate for Bimzelx stands at 4.2 billion  while the consensus is at 5.1 billion.Looking ahead into the second half of the year  Citi anticipates the unveiling of pipeline optionality  although it holds no expectations for dapirolizumab  which is currently in a Phase III lupus trial. Citi projects compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) for UCB's sales  EBITDA  and EPS from 2024 to 2029 at 11%  27%  and 33%  respectively.In other recent news  UCB SA has seen its shares target upped by both Barclays and Citi  reflecting a positive outlook for the company's growth prospects. Barclays increased its price target for UCB from 150.00 to 160.00  maintaining an Overweight rating.This decision was influenced by the robust performance of UCB's recent product launches and an upward revision in the company's financial projections for the fiscal years 2024 to 2026. However  Barclays expressed caution regarding a potential sales decline in the first half of 2024.InvestingPro InsightsUCB SA (Euronext Brussels:UCB) continues to be a company of interest for investors  with a market capitalization of $30.46 billion and a significant presence in the pharmaceutical industry. According to InvestingPro data  UCB's revenue over the last twelve months as of Q2 2024 has grown by 6.71%  reflecting the company's ability to increase its sales. Additionally  the company's gross profit margin stands at an impressive 67.8%  indicating strong profitability in generating revenue from its products.InvestingPro Tips highlight that UCB has maintained its dividend payments for an impressive 45 consecutive years  which may appeal to income-focused investors. Furthermore  the company has raised its dividend for 15 consecutive years  demonstrating a commitment to returning value to shareholders. With analysts predicting UCB will be profitable this year and a high return over the last year  the company's financial health appears robust. For those looking to delve deeper  InvestingPro offers numerous additional tips for UCB at Investing.com/pro/UCBJY.Despite a high earnings multiple with a P/E ratio of 116.79  the company's stock has experienced a significant price uptick over the last six months  with a 83.2% return. This performance is echoed by a strong return over the last year of 93.4%  suggesting that the market has confidence in UCB's growth prospects. With the next earnings date set for October 29  2024  investors will be keen to see if the company's financial trajectory aligns with the optimistic growth expectations set by analysts and market observers.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,positive,0.51,0.49,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.42,0.43,True,English,"['significant upside', 'UCB stock', 'strong Bimzelx', 'Rystiggo prospects', 'Investing.com', 'Citi', 'Phase III lupus trial', 'gross profit margin', 'next earnings date', 'other recent news', 'recent product launches', 'Additional positive factors', 'last twelve months', 'numerous additional tips', 'high earnings multiple', 'last six months', 'annual growth rates', 'significant price uptick', 'steadfast price target', 'impressive 45 consecutive years', 'biosimilar Cimzia rights', 'European market data', 'optimistic growth expectations', 'potential sales decline', 'peak sales estimate', 'potential growth', 'target price', '15 consecutive years', 'recent developments', 'Japan rights', 'significant presence', 'growth prospects', 'fiscal years', 'InvestingPro data', 'InvestingPro Tips', 'high return', 'last year', 'Buy rating', 'Euronext Brussels', 'upside risks', 'development expenditure', 'commercial infrastructure', 'bull-bear valuation', 'United States', 'launch trajectory', 'promising trends', 'transaction records', 'second half', 'positive outlook', 'Overweight rating', 'upward revision', 'first half', 'market capitalization', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'strong profitability', 'financial health', 'P/E ratio', 'financial trajectory', 'market observers', 'T&C.', 'sales expectations', 'InvestingPro Insights', 'strong return', 'robust performance', 'financial projections', 'dividend payments', 'pipeline optionality', 'income-focused investors', 'UCB SA', 'Citi projects', '83.2% return', 'Monday', 'stock', 'optimism', 'firm', 'products', 'company', 'shares', 'Bimzelx/Rystiggo', 'forecast', 'analysis', 'value', 'research', 'Biogen', 'NASDAQ', 'Xbrane', 'opportunity', 'Astellas', 'TRx', 'peers', 'IQVIA', 'April', 'consensus', 'unveiling', 'dapirolizumab', 'CAGRs', 'EBITDA', 'EPS', 'Barclays', 'decision', 'caution', 'interest', 'revenue', 'Q2', 'commitment', 'shareholders', 'analysts', 'UCBJY', 'confidence', 'October', 'article', 'support', 'AI', 'editor', 'information', '2024', '6.']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,investing.com
44468,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924048/0/en/EUROAPI-Availability-of-2024-Half-Year-Financial-Report.html,EUROAPI - Availability of 2024 Half-Year Financial Report,Paris  05 August  2024  EUROAPI posted today its 2024 condensed Half-Year Consolidated Financial Statements for the six months ended June 30 ...,Paris  05 August  2024  EUROAPI posted today its 2024 condensed Half-Year Consolidated Financial Statements for the six months ended June 30  2024. This document is available for consultation and downloading on EUROAPIs website: https://www.euroapi.com/en/investors/regulatory-information/financial-reports.This report includes notably the 2024 half-year management report  the consolidated financial statements on 30 June 2024  and the Statutory Auditors review report on the half-yearly financial information.Financial Calendar (all dates to be confirmed)11 February 2025: FY 2024 Results21 May 2025: 2025 AGM29 July 2025: H1 2025 resultsAbout EUROAPIEUROAPI is focused on reinventing active ingredient solutions to sustainably meet customers and patients needs around the world. We are a leading player in active pharmaceutical ingredients with approximately 200 products in our portfolio  offering a large span of technologies while developing innovative molecules through our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) activities.Taking action for health by enabling access to essential therapies inspires our 3 650 people every day. With strong research and development capabilities and six manufacturing sites  all located in Europe  EUROAPI ensures API manufacturing of the highest quality to supply customers in more than 80 countries. EUROAPI is listed on Euronext Paris; ISIN: FR0014008VX5; ticker: EAPI). Find out more at www.euroapi.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Media Relations contact:Laurence BollackTel.: +33 (0)6 81 86 80 19mr@euroapi.comInvestor Relations contacts:Sophie Palliez-CapianTel.: +33 (0)6 87 89 33 51Sophie.palliez@euroapi.comCamille RicotierTel: +33 (0)6 43 29 93 79Camille.ricotier@euroapi.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2024 Half-Year Financial Report', 'EUROAPI', 'Availability', '2024 condensed Half-Year Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Statutory Auditors review report', '2024 half-year management report', 'half-yearly financial information', 'active ingredient solutions', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'Media Relations contact', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'six manufacturing sites', 'Financial Calendar', 'six months', 'Manufacturing Organization', 'API manufacturing', 'FY 2024 Results', 'H1 2025 results', 'patients needs', 'leading player', 'large span', 'innovative molecules', 'Contract Development', 'CDMO) activities', 'essential therapies', 'strong research', 'development capabilities', 'highest quality', 'Laurence Bollack', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Camille Ricotier', '05 August', 'EUROAPI', 'June', 'document', 'consultation', 'website', 'investors', 'regulatory-information/financial-reports', 'dates', '11 February', '21 May', '2025 AGM', '29 July', 'world', '200 products', 'portfolio', 'technologies', 'action', 'health', 'access', '3,650 people', 'Europe', 'customers', '80 countries', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'EAPI', 'LinkedIn', 'Tel.', 'mr', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44469,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2024/08/05/global-equities-suffer-heavy-losses-on-fears-of-us-recession/,Global equities suffer heavy losses on fears of US recession,Euronext Dublin was a sea of red  but still managed to outperform many of its international peers to close down 1.2%,All the 11 big S&P 500 sectors were trading lower in New York  with information technology and financials the worst hit. Photograph: Spencer Platt/Getty ImagesGlobal equities suffered heavy losses on Monday as Wall Street joined a global stock rout that started in Japan while the dollar tumbled against the yen and US treasury yields dropped on concerns about a recession in the United States.DublinThe market at home was described as a sea of red by traders  but Euronext Dublin still managed to outperform many of its international peers as it closed down 1.2 per cent in bank holiday trading.There were massive  massive moves  one trader said  pointing out they were all macroeconomic-related. There was no stock-specific news for the Irish market  she said  but there was a massive sell-off.We had a bit of a rebound in the afternoon when the US market opened and things improved a bit  but there was a lot of forced selling and recent buyers turning to sellers  that type of thing.READ MOREAmong the worst hit was AIB  which plunged 4.2 per cent. Bank of Ireland had recovered to close up 0.3 per cent. The trader pointed out that it may have escaped the worst of the damage after it was quite badly hit over recent days and had bottomed out.Elsewhere  Ires Reit  the biggest landlord in the State  was down 2.5 per cent  while home builder Cairn Homes finished the day down 2.2 per cent. It was a good bit lower earlier in the day  but it improved  the trader noted.Meanwhile  insulation specialist Kingpsan  one of the biggest names left on the market in Dublin  was down 1 per cent on the day  while Irish Ferries parent Irish Continental Group finished down 2.5 per cent.Kerry Group was flat but is up 8.7 per cent over the past five days. Glanbia  another food name  was down 2 per cent.I think we probably did quite well overall in the Irish market  the trader said.LondonThe blue-chip FTSE 100 index fell 2 per cent to its lowest since April 2022 and clocked its worst day in over a year. The mid-cap FTSE 250 index was off 2.8 per cent after falling to its lowest level in more than three months. All sub-sectoral indexes in London ended in the red.Water utilities were the worst hit with a 4 per cent decline after Barclays said it was no longer positive on the sector and downgraded ratings on companies like Severn Trent and Pennon.Precious metal miners closed 3.3 per cent lower as gold prices fell on wider market sell-off.John Wood Group fell over 35 per cent to the bottom of the FTSE 250 after Dubais Sidara said it was walking away from its plan to buy the British oilfield services and engineering firm.EuropeThe main European stocks index hit its lowest in over six months on Monday  with energy and utility stocks at the forefront of a broad-based market slide.The Stoxx 600 closed 2.2 per cent lower  but off the days low. The continentwide index logged its steepest three-day decline since June 2022  closing below the key 500-point mark for a second day.Among big European bourses  Germanys Dax  Frances CAC 40 and Spains Ibex 35 fell between 1.4 per cent and 2.3 per cent  hitting multi-month lows intraday.Among single movers  Europes largest copper producer Aurubis slumped 12 per cent after a third-quarter pretax profit miss.On the flip side  Infineon rose 1.3 per cent following job cut plans. Galderma rose 1.3 per cent after LOral said it would acquire a 10 per cent stake in the Swiss skincare firm.New YorkWall Streets main indices slumped as risk appetite among investors dropped.Apple fell 3.9 per cent after Berkshire Hathaway halved its stake in the iPhone maker  in a sign that billionaire investor Warren Buffett is growing wary about the broader US economy or lofty stock market valuations. Nvidia slid 6.1 per cent  while Microsoft and Alphabet fell about 3 per cent each.At 11.30am eastern time  the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 2.17 per cent; the S&P 500 was down 2.42 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite was down 2.77 per cent.All the 11 big S&P 500 sectors were trading lower  with information technology and financials the worst hit.  Additional reporting: Agencies,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,mixed,0.07,0.13,0.8,True,English,"['Global equities', 'heavy losses', 'US recession', 'fears', 'Irish Ferries parent Irish Continental Group', 'third-quarter pretax profit miss', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', '11 big S&P 500 sectors', 'lofty stock market valuations', 'main European stocks index', 'big European bourses', 'John Wood Group', 'global stock rout', 'insulation specialist Kingpsan', 'Precious metal miners', 'British oilfield services', 'steepest three-day decline', 'key 500-point mark', 'largest copper producer', 'job cut plans', 'LOral', '11.30am eastern time', 'US treasury yields', 'broader US economy', 'past five days', 'Swiss skincare firm', 'blue-chip FTSE 100 index', 'mid-cap FTSE 250 index', 'massive, massive moves', 'broad-based market slide', 'bank holiday trading', '4 per cent decline', 'wider market sell-off', '10 per cent stake', 'Irish market', 'Kerry Group', 'massive sell-off', 'utility stocks', 'continentwide index', 'main indices', 'US market', '0.3 per cent', '1.4 per cent', '2.3 per cent', 'Global equities', 'recent days', 'engineering firm', 'New York', 'information technology', 'Spencer Platt', 'Getty Images', 'heavy losses', 'Wall Street', 'United States', 'international peers', 'stock-specific news', 'recent buyers', 'READ MORE', 'worst hit', 'Ires Reit', 'biggest landlord', 'Cairn Homes', 'biggest names', 'food name', 'lowest level', 'three months', 'sub-sectoral indexes', 'Water utilities', 'Severn Trent', 'gold prices', 'six months', 'The Stoxx', 'multi-month lows', 'single movers', 'flip side', 'risk appetite', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'iPhone maker', 'billionaire investor', 'Warren Buffett', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Additional reporting', 'home builder', 'Euronext Dublin', 'worst day', 'second day', 'one trader', 'financials', 'Photograph', 'Monday', 'Japan', 'dollar', 'yen', 'concerns', 'recession', 'red', 'traders', 'bit', 'rebound', 'afternoon', 'things', 'lot', 'selling', 'sellers', 'type', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'damage', 'Glanbia', 'London', 'April', 'year', 'Barclays', 'ratings', 'companies', 'Pennon', 'bottom', 'Dubai', 'Sidara', 'energy', 'forefront', 'June', 'Germany', 'Dax', 'France', 'CAC', 'Spain', 'Ibex', 'Aurubis', 'Infineon', 'Galderma', 'investors', 'Apple', 'sign', 'Nvidia', 'Microsoft', 'Alphabet', 'Agencies', '2.8', '35']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,irishtimes.com
44470,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/groupe-berkem-monthly-statement-of-total-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-companys-share-capital-93CH-3555355,Groupe Berkem: Monthly Statement of Total Voting Rights and Shares Forming the Company's Share Capital By Investing.com,Groupe Berkem: Monthly Statement of Total Voting Rights and Shares Forming the Company's Share Capital,BLANQUEFORT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory news:Groupe Berkem (Paris:ALKEM):Date Number of shares outstanding Total gross voting rights (1) Total net voting rights(2) July 31  2024 17 767 652 17 768 188 17 604 327(1) The total number of gross (or theoretical) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.(2) The total number of net (or exercisable at a Shareholders' Meeting) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the recommendation made by the AMF on 17 July 2007.ABOUT GROUPE BERKEMFounded in 1993 by Olivier Fahy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Groupe Berkem is a leading force in the bio-based chemicals market. Its mission is to advance the environmental transition of companies producing the chemicals used in everyday lives (Construction & Materials  Health  Beauty & Nutrition  Hygiene & Protection  and Industry). By harnessing its expertise in both plant extraction and innovative formulations  Groupe Berkem has developed bio-based boostersunique high-quality bio-based solutions augmenting the performance of synthetic molecules. Groupe Berkem achieved revenue of 51.9 million in 2023. The Group has almost 250 employees working at its head office (Blanquefort  Gironde) and 5 production facilities in Gardonne (Dordogne)  La Teste-de-Buch (Gironde)  Chartres (Eure-et-Loir)  Tonneins (Lot-et-Garonne) and Valence (Spain).Groupe Berkem has been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since December 2021 (ISIN: FR00140069V2  ALKEM).www.groupeberkem.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240805311992/en/Groupe BerkemOlivier Fahy  Chief Executive OfficerAnthony Labrugnas  Chief Financial OfficerTel.: +33 (0)5 64 31 06 60investisseurs@berkem.comNewCapInvestor RelationsMathilde Bohin / Nicolas FossiezTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Berkem@newcap.euNewCapMedia RelationsNicolas Merigeau/ Antoine PacquierTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Berkem@newcap.euSource: Groupe Berkem,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Total Voting Rights', 'Groupe Berkem', 'Monthly Statement', 'Share Capital', 'Shares', 'Company', 'Investing', 'unique high-quality bio-based solutions', 'Total gross voting rights', 'Total net voting rights', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'theoretical) voting rights', 'AMF General Regulations', 'bio-based chemicals market', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'NewCap Media Relations', 'ABOUT GROUPE BERKEM', 'bio-based boosters', 'total number', 'Investor Relations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory news', 'threshold crossings', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Olivier Fahy', 'leading force', 'environmental transition', 'everyday lives', 'plant extraction', 'innovative formulations', 'synthetic molecules', 'The Group', 'head office', '5 production facilities', 'La Teste-de-Buch', 'Anthony Labrugnas', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Nicolas Fossiez', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Antoine Pacquier', 'Date Number', 'source version', 'BLANQUEFORT', 'France', 'ALKEM', 'shares', 'July', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'account', 'order', 'public', 'recommendation', 'Chairman', 'mission', 'companies', 'Construction', 'Materials', 'Health', 'Beauty', 'Nutrition', 'Hygiene', 'Protection', 'Industry', 'expertise', 'performance', 'revenue', '250 employees', 'Gironde', 'Gardonne', 'Dordogne', 'Chartres', 'Eure', 'Loir', 'Tonneins', 'Lot', 'Garonne', 'Valence', 'Spain', 'December', 'ISIN', 'groupeberkem', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'investisseurs', '1']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,investing.com
44471,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924469/0/en/RAMSAY-SANTE-Non-audited-consolidated-financial-statements-for-FY24.html,RAMSAY SANTE : Non audited consolidated financial statements for FY24,PRESS RELEASE  Paris  5 August 2024  Ramsay Health Care publishes certain financial information about itsnon audited consolidated financial statements...,PRESS RELEASEParis  5 August 2024Ramsay Health Care publishes certain financial information about its non audited consolidated financial statements for FY24Ramsay Sant relays the press release (attached) issued today by Ramsay Health Care  one of its reference shareholders. Ramsay Health Care was required to publish such financial information in accordance to Australian reporting regulation.This press release refers in particular to limited non-recurring and non-cash items of Ramsay Sant recognized below EBITDA and identified as part of the ongoing review of Ramsay Sant's annual financial statements at the end of June 2024. Ramsay Sant's provisional annual results at the end of June 2024 will be communicated on August 29  2024.The Board of Directors of Ramsay Sant approved this press release at its meeting held on August 5  2024.About Ramsay SantRamsay Sant is the leader in private hospitalisation and primary care in Europe. The Group has 38 000 employees and works with nearly 9 300 practitioners to treat more than 12 million patients per year in its 465 facilities and 5 countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy. Ramsay Sant offers almost all medical and surgical specialities in three domains: Medicine  Surgery  Obstetrics (MSO)  Follow-up Care and Rehabilitation (FCR) and Mental Health.Legally  Ramsay Sant is a mission-driven company committed to constantly improving the health of all patients through innovation. Wherever it operates  the Group contributes to public health service missions and the healthcare network. Through its actions and the constant dedication of its teams  Ramsay Sant is committed to ensuring the entire patient care journey  from prevention to follow-up care. Every year  the group invests over 200 million euros to support the evolution and diversity of care pathways  in medical  hospital  digital  and administrative aspects. Through this commitment  our Group enhances access to care for all  commits to provides best-in-class healthcare  systematically engages in dialogue with stakeholders and strives to protect the planet to improve health.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter: https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaysante.frInvestor / Analyst Relations Press RelationsClment Lafaix Brigitte CachonTel. +33 1 87 86 21 52 Tel. +33 1 87 86 22 11clement.lafaix@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.79,0.2,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['consolidated financial statements', 'RAMSAY SANTE', 'FY24', 'entire patient care journey', 'public health service missions', 'Analyst Relations Press Relations', 'Australian reporting regulation', 'provisional annual results', 'consolidated financial statements', 'annual financial statements', 'Clment Lafaix', 'RamsaySante Code ISIN', 'Ramsay Health Care', 'financial information', 'primary care', 'Follow-up Care', 'care pathways', 'Mental Health', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Ramsay Sant', 'reference shareholders', 'limited non-recurring', 'cash items', 'ongoing review', 'The Board', 'private hospitalisation', 'surgical specialities', 'three domains', 'mission-driven company', 'healthcare network', 'constant dedication', '200 million euros', 'administrative aspects', 'class healthcare', '12 million patients', 'medical, hospital', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Brigitte Cachon', '5 August', 'FY24', 'accordance', 'EBITDA', 'part', 'end', 'June', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'leader', 'Europe', '38,000 employees', '9,300 practitioners', 'year', '465 facilities', '5 countries', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'Medicine', 'Surgery', 'Obstetrics', 'MSO', 'Rehabilitation', 'FCR', 'innovation', 'actions', 'teams', 'prevention', 'evolution', 'diversity', 'digital', 'commitment', 'access', 'dialogue', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Website', 'Investor', 'Tel.', 'clement', 'Attachments']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44472,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924492/0/en/Transparency-Notification-from-Shareholders.html,Transparency Notification from Shareholders,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION  5 August 2024  06 pm CEST  Transparency Notification from Shareholders  Ghent  Belgium  5 August 2024  Sequana......,"PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION5 August 2024  06 pm CESTTransparency Notification from ShareholdersGhent  Belgium  5 August 2024  Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  announces today that it received a transparency notification from the party listed below  notifying the number of voting rights attached to the shares mentioned next to their name in the table below.Reason for notification Aggregate number of shares and voting rights held % of total outstanding shares (1) GRAC socit simple (2) Passive crossing of a threshold 1 858 097 4.62%_____________Notes:(1) The total number of outstanding shares of the Company mentioned in the relevant transparency notification amounts to 40 243 518  each share giving right to one (1) vote (being 40 243 518 voting rights in total).(2) The notification  dated 29 July 2024 and received by the Company on 2 August 2024  was made by GRAC socit simple (""GRAC"")  acting as a person that notifies alone. The notification states that on 10 July 2024  the total shareholding of GRAC (holding 1 858 097 shares and voting rights  which corresponds to 4.62% of the outstanding voting rights of the Company at that time) had passively crossed down the threshold of 5% of the outstanding voting rights of the Company. The notification further specifies that GRAC is not controlled by another entity or holding.This announcement is made in accordance with Article 14 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions.To access a copy of the aforementioned transparency notification  reference is made to Sequana Medical's website (https://www.sequanamedical.com/investors/shareholder-information/).Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights attached to the securities held by such persons in the Company reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalIan CrosbieCEOE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +44 7973 42 99 17About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  intolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic resistance"" patient population. alfapump and DSR are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company's Premarket Approval (PMA) application for the alfapump was submitted to the US FDA in December 2023 and accepted for substantive review in January 2024  having reported positive primary and secondary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. US market approval of the alfapump is anticipated before the end of Q1 2025 with US commercial launch planned for H2 2025.Results of the Company's RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies in heart failure support DSR's mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. All three patients from the non-randomized cohort of MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical study  have been successfully treated with DSR  resulting in a dramatic improvement in diuretic response and virtual elimination of loop diuretic requirements. The independent Data Safety Monitoring Board approved the start of the randomized MOJAVE cohort of up to a further 30 patients  which is planned after alfapump US PMA approval.Sequana Medical is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to liver cirrhosis. DSR therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump and DSR are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Transparency Notification', 'Shareholders', 'US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical study', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON study', 'independent Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'growing ""diuretic resistance"" patient population', 'limited effective treatment options', 'diuretic resistant fluid overload', 'secondary endpoint data', 'US commercial launch', 'frequent clinical complication', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'loop diuretic requirements', 'innovative treatment options', 'Ian Crosbie CEO', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'US PMA approval', 'randomized MOJAVE cohort', 'US market approval', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'GRAC socit', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'outstanding voting rights', 'relevant transparency notification', 'randomized cohort', 'The alfapump system', 'total outstanding shares', 'major clinical', 'US FDA', 'clinical investigation', 'diuretic response', 'POSEIDON Trial', 'Belgian Act', 'Premarket Approval', '40,243,518 voting rights', 'PMA) application', 'regulated market', 'major participations', 'major impact', 'alfapump system', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'Passive crossing', 'one (1) vote', 'total shareholding', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Markets Authority', 'increased mortality', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'healthcare systems', 'substantive review', 'positive primary', 'liver cirrhosis', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA proof', 'concept studies', 'vicious cycle', 'cardiorenal syndrome', 'dramatic improvement', 'virtual elimination', 'United States', 'Aggregate number', 'total number', 'The Company', 'legal persons', 'many patients', 'high costs', 'life benefits', 'refractory ascites', 'three patients', 'SEQUA.BR', 'adult patients', 'recurrent ascites', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '1,858,097 shares', '30 patients', '5 August', 'Shareholders', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'party', 'name', 'table', 'Reason', 'threshold', 'Notes', '2 August', '10 July', 'time', 'entity', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'copy', 'reference', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholder-information', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'case', 'percentage', 'securities', 'subsequent', 'serious', 'difficulty', 'breathing', 'diuretics', 'standard', 'problem', 'quality', 'large', 'DSR', 'body', 'December', 'January', 'Q1', 'H2', 'Results', 'mechanism', 'action', 'start', 'Ticker', 'Canada', '06', '44']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44473,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/oci-global-announces-agreement-for-the-sale-of-its-clean-ammonia-project-in-beaumont-texas-to-woodside-energy-93CH-3553920,OCI Global Announces Agreement for the Sale of its Clean Ammonia Project in Beaumont  Texas to Woodside Energy By Investing.com,OCI Global Announces Agreement for the Sale of its Clean Ammonia Project in Beaumont  Texas to Woodside Energy,"OCI Global (""OCI"") has entered into a binding equity purchase agreement for the sale of 100% of its equity interests in OCI's 1.1 million metric tonnes Clean Ammonia project under construction in Beaumont  Texas (""OCI Clean Ammonia"" or the ""Project"")  (the ""Transaction"") to Woodside (OTC: ) Energy Group Ltd (""Woodside"")  following a competitive process.(""OCI Clean Ammonia"" or the ""Project"")  (the ""Transaction"") to Woodside (OTC: ) Energy Group Ltd (""Woodside"")  following a competitive process. Purchase price consideration of USD 2.35 billion on a cash-free  debt-free basis (""Purchase Price"").on a cash-free  debt-free basis (""Purchase Price""). OCI will be fully responsible for delivering a fully staffed and operational facility by completion of the Project. The total scope of the Project includes certain infrastructure and utilities required for a second line.The Transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of OCI shareholder approval and is expected to close later this year.AMSTERDAM   Aug. 5  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- OCI Global (Euronext: OCI)  a leading global producer and distributor of hydrogen products today announced that it has reached an agreement for the sale of 100% of its equity interests in its Clean Ammonia project under construction in Beaumont  Texas (""OCI Clean Ammonia"" or the ""Project"")  to Woodside Energy Group Ltd (""Woodside"") for a total consideration of USD 2.35 billion on a cash-free and debt-free basis (the ""Transaction"").Transaction detailsUnder the proposed Transaction  Woodside will acquire 100% of the equity interests in OCI Clean Ammonia. Woodside will pay 80% of the Purchase Price to OCI at closing of the Transaction  with the balance of the Purchase Price payable at Project Completion  defined as completion of the plant according to certain agreed terms and conditions.OCI will continue to manage the construction  commissioning and startup of the facility and will continue to direct the contractors until the Project is fully staffed and operational  at which point it will handover to Woodside.The Transaction is expected to close in H2 2024  subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions and receipt of OCI shareholder approval. OCI's Board of Directors has approved the Transaction and has recommended that its shareholders approve the Transaction.OCI Clean AmmoniaOCI Clean Ammonia is the world's first large-scale  low-carbon intensity (""CI"") hydrogen-based greenfield ammonia facility  which began engineering in late 2021  construction in December 2022   and is expected to produce first ammonia in 2025. Offering first-mover advantages including superior construction terms and favorable tax incentives  the Project is a unique collaboration between OCI and Linde (NYSE: ) that integrates Linde's low CI hydrogen production and carbon capture technology with OCI's ammonia production  storage and transportation infrastructure. In addition  Linde has contracted with ExxonMobil (NYSE: ) the CO 2 transportation and sequestration infrastructure. The Project in its first phase will result in the capture and sequestration of 1.7 million metric tonnes per year of CO 2 for OCI that would otherwise have been released to the atmosphere.OCI Clean Ammonia is anticipated to meet blue ammonia specifications by any standard announced to date. It is the only blue ammonia facility under construction globally  capable of producing 1.1 million metric tonnes per year of blue ammonia in its first phase  with the necessary infrastructure and utilities in place to double that capacity in its existing plot plan. This design philosophy and oversized infrastructure is expected to provide significant savings on budget and timeline for the 'plug and play' second line over any newbuild projects of similar nature. Permitting for the second line has been submitted and is expected to be received by year-end.Nassef Sawiris   Executive Chairman of OCI commented: ""We are exceptionally proud to have put in motion on a global scale the first FID'd blue ammonia project  with first production expected in less than a year from now. This pioneering investment will contribute to the global availability of low-carbon intensity ammonia  with significant potential to reduce carbon emissions in hard-to-abate sectors  including existing markets in fertilizer and industrial sectors  as well as in new applications in power and shipping. We are confident that in Woodside we have found the rightful custodian for this landmark asset and its talented employees. Under Woodside's leadership  OCI Clean Ammonia will play a vital role in the global energy transition  delivering new energy products and lower carbon services to reduce Woodside's customers' emissions globally.""Ahmed El Hoshy   CEO of OCI commented: ""I would like to thank the entire OCI team for helping to develop and build such a ground-breaking project. We are confident that Woodside  as future owner and operator of OCI Clean Ammonia  will add significant value to this peerless collaboration. We look forward to working closely with the Woodside management team to fully complete the facility in the coming months  and to ensure continuity and successful stewardship through closing and beyond.""Hassan Badrawi   CFO of OCI commented: ""Reflecting upon our thirty-year track record as an investor  developer and operator  we are extremely proud of the journey OCI has undertaken thus far  across sectors  across geographies  continuously deploying our DNA into the creation of successful projects.""Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is serving as financial advisor to OCI on the Transaction. A&O Shearman and Vinson & Elkins are acting as OCI's legal advisors.A conference call for investors and analysts will be hosted on Monday  5 August 2024 at 12:00 BST / 07:00 ET / 13:00 CET . Details of the call are available on the Company's website at www.oci-global.com.This press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.About OCI GlobalWe are a global leader in nitrogen  methanol  and hydrogen  driving forward the decarbonization of the energy-intensive industries that shape  feed and fuel the world. OCI's production capacity spans four continents and comprises approximately 17.2 million metric tons per year of hydrogen-based products including nitrogen fertilizers  methanol  biofuels  diesel exhaust fluid and melamine. OCI has more than 4 000 employees  is headquartered in the Netherlands and listed on Euronext in Amsterdam .Learn more about OCI at www.oci-global.com. You can also follow OCI on LinkedIn.About WoodsideWoodside is a global energy company  providing reliable and affordable energy to help people lead better lives. Woodside led the development of the LNG industry in Australia . With a focused portfolio  Woodside is recognised for its world-class capabilities as an integrated upstream supplier of energy. Woodside's proven track record and distinctive capabilities are underpinned by 70 years of experience.Learn more about Woodside at www.woodside.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2240769/OCI_Global_Logo.jpg",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Clean Ammonia Project', 'OCI Global', 'Woodside Energy', 'Agreement', 'Sale', 'Beaumont', 'Texas', 'Investing', 'CI"") hydrogen-based greenfield ammonia facility', '1.1 million metric tonnes Clean Ammonia project', 'low CI hydrogen production', 'first large-scale, low-carbon intensity', 'Woodside Energy Group Ltd', '1.7 million metric tonnes', 'binding equity purchase agreement', 'low-carbon intensity ammonia', 'favorable tax incentives', 'Ahmed El Hoshy', 'blue ammonia specifications', 'global energy transition', 'lower carbon services', 'blue ammonia facility', 'existing plot plan', 'OCI Clean Ammonia', 'leading global producer', 'new energy products', 'OCI shareholder approval', 'entire OCI team', 'blue ammonia project', 'customary closing conditions', 'cash-free, debt-free basis', 'carbon capture technology', 'Purchase price consideration', 'superior construction terms', 'ammonia production', 'hydrogen products', 'first ammonia', 'first production', 'operational facility', 'carbon emissions', 'equity interests', 'total consideration', 'existing markets', 'new applications', 'OCI Global', 'first phase', 'global scale', 'first FID', 'global availability', 'competitive process', 'total scope', 'second line', 'first-mover advantages', 'unique collaboration', 'design philosophy', 'significant savings', 'newbuild projects', 'similar nature', 'Nassef Sawiris', 'Executive Chairman', 'pioneering investment', 'significant potential', 'abate sectors', 'industrial sectors', 'rightful custodian', 'landmark asset', 'talented employees', 'vital role', ""customers' emissions"", 'future owner', 'significant value', 'peerless collaboration', 'ground-breaking project', 'transportation infrastructure', 'necessary infrastructure', 'oversized infrastructure', 'CO 2 transportation', 'a year', 'sequestration infrastructure', 'Project Completion', 'Transaction details', 'sale', 'Beaumont', 'Texas', 'OTC', 'utilities', 'receipt', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'Euronext', 'distributor', 'balance', 'plant', 'commissioning', 'startup', 'contractors', 'point', 'H2', 'satisfaction', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'world', 'engineering', 'late', 'December', 'Linde', 'NYSE', 'storage', 'addition', 'ExxonMobil', 'The', 'atmosphere', 'standard', 'date', 'place', 'capacity', 'budget', 'timeline', 'plug', 'play', 'Permitting', 'year-end', 'motion', 'fertilizer', 'power', 'shipping', 'leadership', 'CEO', 'operator']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,investing.com
44474,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2024/08/05/clinical-trials-group-hvivo-announces-departure-from-irish-stock-market/,Clinical trials group Hvivo announces departure from Irish stock market,Company says its primary operations  along with the majority of its employees and investor base  are based in the UK,Listed clinical trials group Hvivo has announced it will remove its shares from the Irish market later this year.The company  formerly known as Open Orphan  announced its intention to cancel its admission to trading on Euronext Growth from September 2nd in a further blow to the struggling Dublin stock market.The rare and orphan drug consulting services platform  which specialises in testing infectious and respiratory disease products  also has a London listing.Hvivo was formed when the groups chairman Cathal Friel reversed his pharma services business of the same name into Dublin-listed drug clinical trials manager Venn Life Sciences.READ MOREIn a statement to investors on Monday  Hvivo noted that its primary operations  along with the majority of its employees and investor base  are based in the UK. As such  the board decided to consolidate trading of the companys stock to its primary listing on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange.The cancellation will also remove certain costs  complexities and duplication that comes from administering two listing regimes and will have no impact on Hvivos ordinary shares  which will continue to trade on AIM under the ticker HVO.Cavendish  the companys UK-based sponsoring broker  said: We see this as a sensible move. It is clear from the share price move and appetite from UK-based investors over the past 18 months that there is plentiful capital for what has become a quality growth story.The recent capital markets day at the new Canary Wharf unit has been well received by the market  highlighting the significant upgrade that it represents over the existing facilities.Mr Friel sold his remaining shares in the group last month to satisfy institutional [investor] demand after that capital markets day  the company said  raising 6.14 million (7.3 million) for the 3.1 per cent stake at 29 pence each.The number of companies on the Iseq All-Share index has fallen by more than 50 per cent to 25 since Euronext acquired the what was then known as the Irish Stock Exchange in 2018  as takeovers and delistings of public companies outweighed initial public offerings. Only three companies have come to the market in Dublin in the past five years.Euronext chief executive Stphane Boujnah confirmed recently that the group is working on plans to set up a springboard market in Dublin for small companies to list  in a bid to stem the erosion of the Irish cash equities market. It operates similar Euronext Access markets in Paris  Brussels and Lisbon.It comes as Euronext is lobbying the Government for assistance to reboot the exchanges equities business.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Clinical trials group', 'Irish stock market', 'Hvivo', 'departure', 'Euronext chief executive Stphane Boujnah', 'Dublin-listed drug clinical trials manager', 'orphan drug consulting services platform', 'new Canary Wharf unit', 'similar Euronext Access markets', 'Irish cash equities market', 'struggling Dublin stock market', 'clinical trials group', 'pharma services business', 'respiratory disease products', 'Venn Life Sciences', 'Iseq All-Share index', 'UK-based sponsoring broker', 'share price move', 'quality growth story', 'institutional [investor] demand', 'initial public offerings', 'past five years', 'two listing regimes', 'recent capital markets', 'Irish Stock Exchange', '3.1 per cent stake', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Open Orphan', 'equities business', 'Euronext Growth', 'Irish market', '50 per cent', 'London listing', 'investor base', 'sensible move', 'past 18 months', 'primary listing', 'plentiful capital', 'springboard market', 'public companies', 'Cathal Friel', 'same name', 'primary operations', 'UK-based investors', 'significant upgrade', 'existing facilities', 'Mr Friel', 'AIM market', 'three companies', 'small companies', 'ordinary shares', 'remaining shares', 'Hvivo', 'company', 'intention', 'admission', 'September', 'blow', 'rare', 'testing', 'infectious', 'chairman', 'READ', 'statement', 'Monday', 'majority', 'employees', 'trading', 'cancellation', 'costs', 'complexities', 'duplication', 'impact', 'ticker', 'HVO', 'Cavendish', 'appetite', '29 pence', 'number', 'takeovers', 'delistings', 'plans', 'bid', 'erosion', 'Paris', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'Government', 'assistance']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,irishtimes.com
44475,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924479/0/en/Coface-Marcy-Rathman-joins-the-Board-of-Directors.html,Coface : Marcy Rathman joins the Board of Directors,COFACE SA: Marcy Rathman joins the Board of Directors      Paris  5 August  17.45      At its meeting on 5 August 2024  the Board of Directors of...,COFACE SA: Marcy Rathman joins the Board of DirectorsParis  5 August  17.45At its meeting on 5 August 2024  the Board of Directors of COFACE SA co-opted Marcy Rathman  Chief Environmental  Social and Governance Officer of Arch Capital Services LLC (Arch)  as a non-independent director at the Board of Directors of COFACE SA.She takes the place of Chris Hovey who leaves the Board of directors to focus on his other professional responsibilities within Arch.There are no other changes to Coface's Board of Directors. It has 10 members  6 women and 4 men  the majority (6) of whom are independent directors.------------------------BiographyMarcy Rathman was promoted to Executive Vice President  Chief Environmental  Social and Governance Officer of Arch Capital Services LLC in March 2022. She was initially named Senior Vice President  Chief ESG Officer in May 2019.She joined Archs legal team in December of 2000 and served as an attorney for Arch for close to 20 years  supporting the General Counsel and many of Archs governance and compliance policies.Marcy Rathman holds a B.A. from Tufts University and a law degree from Cardozo School of Law.CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58  thomas.jacquet@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91  saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comAdrien BILLET: +33 1 49 02 23 6394  adrien.billet@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023/2024(subject to change)9M-2024 results: 5 November 2024 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SAs integral regulatory information  can be found on the Groups website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2024 and our 2023 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 Key financial performance indicators).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in Trade Credit Insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Cofaces experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Cofaces insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2023  Coface employed ~4 970 people and registered a turnover of 1.87 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnmonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 Main risk factors and their management within the Group of the Coface Group's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 5 April 2024 under the number D.24-0242 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Marcy Rathman', 'Coface', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Arch Capital Services LLC', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Chief Environmental, Social', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Trade Credit Insurance', 'other professional responsibilities', 'Chief ESG Officer', 'integral regulatory information', 'Executive Vice President', ""The Group' solutions"", 'Main risk factors', 'close to 20 years', 'The Coface Group', 'Information Services', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'market close', 'FOR TRADE', 'other changes', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'other circumstance', 'regulated information', 'risk management', 'reliable information', 'new information', 'Marcy Rathman', 'Governance Officer', 'independent director', 'Chris Hovey', 'legal team', 'General Counsel', 'compliance policies', 'B.A.', 'Tufts University', 'Cardozo School', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', '9M-2024 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'recognized provider', 'Debt Collection', 'global economy', 'informed decisions', 'commercial partners', 'Compartment A', 'Mnmonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'non-payment risks', 'unidentified risks', 'COFACE SA', 'law degree', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Adrien BILLET', '75 years', 'Arch.', 'Directors', 'Board', '5 August', 'meeting', 'place', '10 members', '6 women', '4 men', 'majority', 'Biography', 'March', 'May', 'December', 'attorney', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'website', 'APM', 'H1', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', '100 countries', 'insight', 'advice', 'companies', 'ability', 'export', '~4,970 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'AMF', '5 April', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49 02']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44476,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924032/0/en/Societe-Generale-signs-two-exclusive-agreements-to-sell-its-private-banking-s-subsidiaries-in-the-United-Kingdom-and-Switzerland.html,Societe Generale signs two exclusive agreements to sell its private bankings subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Switzerland,SOCIETE GENERALE SIGNS TWO EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENTS TO SELL ITS PRIVATE BANKINGS SUBSIDIARIES IN THEUNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND  Press releaseParis  05......,SOCIETE GENERALE SIGNS TWO EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENTS TO SELL ITS PRIVATE BANKINGS SUBSIDIARIES IN THEUNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLANDPress releaseParis  05 August 2024 at 7:00 amSociete Generale has signed agreements with Union Bancaire Prive  UBP SA (UBP)  a Swiss bank specialised in wealth and asset management  for the sale of SG Kleinwort Hambros and Societe Generale Private Banking Suisse operating respectively in the United Kingdom and Switzerland.These sales are part of the execution of Societe Generale's strategic roadmap targeting a streamlined  more synergetic and efficient business model  while strengthening the Groups capital base. Societe Generale intends to pursue the development strategy of its private bank by relying on its leading positions in France and abroad  in Luxembourg and Monaco  to support its high-net-worth clients thanks to its expertise and recognised services.The assets under management of the businesses covered by these agreements amount to almost 25 billion at the end of December 2023. These transactions would be structured as sales of relevant legal entities. They would be implemented at a total price of around EUR 900 million including equity with a positive impact of around 10 basis points on the Group's CET1 ratio  on the expected completion dates which could take place by the end of the first quarter of 2025. (1)According to the commitments made in these agreements  UBP would take over all activities operated by SG Kleinwort Hambros and Societe Generale Private Banking Suisse  as well as all client portfolios and employees within these entities.These two divestment projects are subject to the applicable social procedures  the usual conditions precedent and to approval by the relevant financial and regulatory authorities.(1) Unaudited figuresPress contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00 _ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comAmandine Grison_+33 1 41 45 92 40_ amandine.grison@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with more than 126 000 employees serving about 25 million clients in 65 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.42,0.58,True,English,"['two exclusive agreements', 'Societe Generale', 'private banking', 'United Kingdom', 'subsidiaries', 'Switzerland', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Societe Generale Private Banking Suisse', 'Union Bancaire Prive', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'premium private banking services', 'leading retail bank SG', 'International Retail Banking', 'SG Kleinwort Hambros', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'leading digital bank', 'efficient business model', 'applicable social procedures', 'usual conditions precedent', 'three complementary sets', 'distinctive global leadership', 'SOCIETE GENERALE SIGNS', 'sustainable value creation', 'two divestment projects', 'several African countries', 'specialized financing activities', 'relevant legal entities', 'Global Banking', 'Swiss bank', 'Inclusion Index', 'French Retail', 'leading positions', 'leading franchises', 'leading partner', 'Financial Services', 'global player', 'relevant financial', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'UNITED KINGDOM', 'Press release', 'strategic roadmap', 'capital base', 'total price', 'positive impact', '10 basis points', 'CET1 ratio', 'completion dates', 'first quarter', 'client portfolios', 'regulatory authorities', 'Unaudited figures', 'Press contacts', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'sustainable mobility', 'equity derivatives', 'asset management', 'development strategy', 'high-net-worth clients', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'The Group', 'structured finance', 'website societegenerale', 'UBP SA', 'EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENTS', 'Amandine Grison', 'insurance franchise', '65 countries', 'ITS', 'SUBSIDIARIES', 'SWITZERLAND', 'Paris', '05 August', 'wealth', 'sales', 'execution', 'synergetic', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Monaco', 'recognised', 'assets', 'businesses', 'December', 'transactions', 'place', 'commitments', 'employees', 'approval', 'socgen', 'world', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'BoursoBank', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'information', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment', '7:00']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44477,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924206/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares  Period from Jul 29  2024 to Aug 02  2024...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares  Period from Jul 29  2024 to Aug 02  2024AMSTERDAM  August 5  2024 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the Company or STMicroelectronics)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the Program) disclosed via a press release dated June 21  2024. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 22  2024 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Jul 29  2024 to Aug 02  2024 (the Period)  of 428 000 ordinary shares (equal to 0.05% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 30.4100 and for an overall price of EUR 13 015 490.70.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 29-Jul-24 95 000 31.2922 2 972 759.00 XPAR 30-Jul-24 100 000 30.8338 3 083 380.00 XPAR 31-Jul-24 95 000 30.8614 2 931 833.00 XPAR 1-Aug-24 65 000 30.2513 1 966 334.50 XPAR 2-Aug-24 73 000 28.2354 2 061 184.20 XPAR Total for Period 428 000 30.4100 13 015 490.70Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 8 574 116 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.9% of the Companys issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Cline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Cline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '428,000 ordinary shares', 'transaction Number', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '8,574,116 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Jul', 'Aug', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44478,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924507/0/en/Coface-SA-Description-of-the-2024-2025-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Coface SA: Description of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback Program,Description of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback Program        INTRODUCTION      It is reminded that the Shareholders Combined General Meeting of COFACE SA......,"Description of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback ProgramINTRODUCTIONIt is reminded that the Shareholders Combined General Meeting of COFACE SA (the Company) held on of 16 May 2023  had previously authorized the Board of Directors  in its fourth (4th) resolution  to carry out transactions on COFACE SAs shares under the framework of the 2023-2024 Share Buyback Program. The main features and description of the said program are published on the Companys website and on the 2023 Universal Registration Document.The Company  listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment A -  wishes to continue to have a Share Buyback Program (the Program)  pursuant to applicable regulation (See ""Legal Framework"" below).To this end  the Shareholders Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2024 issued a new authorization to the Board of Directors  with the power to sub delegate in accordance with legislative and regulatory provisions  fourth (4th) resolution  to implement a new Share Buyback Program on the Companys shares (Code ISIN FR0010667147). This Program shall replace the existing one established by the Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2023.MAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE 2024-2025 SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM2.1 Date of Shareholders' General Meeting authorizing the ProgramThe 2024-2025 Program was authorized by the Shareholders Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2024  in its fourth (4th) resolution.The Board of Directors of 5 August 2024  authorized COFACE SA  with the power to sub delegate to the CEO  pursuant to the delegation given by the Shareholders Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2024 in its fourth (4th) resolution  to trade on the Companys share through the ""2024-2025 Share Buyback Program""  whose main features are described below.2.2 Allotment by objective of shares held as of 31 July 2024COFACE SA held  as of 31 July 2024  0.56% of its share capital or 834 406 common shares. At that date  the breakdown by objective of the number of shares held was as follows:Objectives Number of own shares held a) ensure liquidity and boost the market for the Companys stock through an investment service provider acting independently within the context of a liquidity contract in compliance with the Charter of Ethics recognized by the French Financial Markets Authority 166 119 b) allot shares to employees of the Company and in particular within the context:(1) of profit sharing;(2) any stock option plan of the Company  pursuant to the provisions of Articles L.225-177 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;(3) any savings plan in compliance with Articles L.3331-1 et seq. of the French Labour Code;(4) any allocation of bonus shares pursuant to the provisions of Articles L.225-197-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;as well as performing all hedging operations relating thereto  under the conditions provided for by the market authorities and at the times to be determined by the Board of Directors or the person acting upon its delegation000668 287 e) cancel all or part of the stock thus purchased 0 TOTAL 834 4062.3 Objectives of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback ProgramPurchases and sales of the Companys shares may be made  by decision of the Board  to:Authorized objectives a) ensure liquidity and boost the market for the Companys stock through an investment service provider acting independently within the context of a liquidity agreement  in compliance with the market practice accepted by the Autorit des marchs financiers on 2 July 2018  b) allocate shares to the corporate officers and employees of the Company and of other Group entities  in particular within the context of:(i) employee profit sharing;(ii) any stock option plan of the Company  pursuant to Article L.225-177 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;(iii) any savings plan in compliance with Article L.3331-1 et seq. of the French Labour Code;(iv) any allocation of bonus shares pursuant to the provisions of Article L.225197-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;as well as performing all hedging operations relating to these operations  under the conditions provided for by the market authorities  and at the times to be determined by the Board of Directors or the person acting by delegation thereof c) transfer the Companys shares upon exercise of the rights attached to securities entitling their bearers  directly or indirectly  through reimbursement  conversion  exchange  presentation of a warrant or in any other manner  to the allocation of the Companys shares pursuant to current regulations; additionally  perform all hedge operations relating to these transactions  under the conditions provided for by the market authorities and at the times to be determined by the Board of Directors or the person acting by delegation of the Board of Directors d) keep the Companys shares and subsequently remit them as payment or trade within the context of any external growth operations e) cancel all or part of the stock purchased f) implement any market practice that may be authorised by the French Financial Markets Authority and  more generally  perform all operations in compliance with applicable regulations in particular with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation)2.4 Maximum percentage of the share capital  maximum number of shares  maximum purchase price and characteristics of the shares that COFACE SA intends to buyback2.4.1 Characteristics of the shares that COFACE SA intends to buybackCommon shares of the Company traded on Euronext Paris:STOCK MARKET PROFILE Trading Euronext Paris (compartment A)  eligible fordeferred settlement service (SRD) ISIN code FR0010667147 Reuters code COFA.PA Bloomberg code COFA FP Stock market indexes SBF 120  CAC All Shares  CAC All-Tradable CAC Financials  CAC Mid & Small  CAC Mid 60  Next 1502.4.2 Maximum percentage of the share capitalThe Board of Directors can authorise  with the power to sub-delegate under the legal and regulatory conditions  in compliance with the provisions of Articles L.22-10-62 et seq and L.225-210 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  the purchase of in one or more instances and at the times to be determined by it - a number of shares of the Company not to exceed:(i) 10% the total number of shares composing the share capital  at any time whatsoever; or (ii) 5% of the total number of shares subsequently composing the share capital if it concerns shares acquired by the Company in view of keeping them and transferring them as payment or exchange under a merger  spin-off or contribution operation.These percentages apply to a number of shares adjusted  where appropriate  according to the operations that could affect the share capital subsequent to the Shareholders Meeting of 16 May 2024.2.4.3 Maximum number of sharesCOFACE SA is committed  by law  not to exceed the holding limit of 10% of its capital  such 10% limit being  for information purposes  15 017 979 shares as at 31 July 2024.2.4.4 Maximum purchase priceAccording to the fourth (4th) resolution proposed and accepted by the Shareholders Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2024  the maximum purchase price per unit may not exceed 18  excluding costs.The Board of Directors may nevertheless  for operations involving the Companys capital  in particular a modification of the par value of the share  a capital increase by incorporation of reserves following the creation and allocation of bonus shares  a stock split or reverse stock split  adjust the aforementioned maximum purchase price in order to take into account the impact of these operations on the value of the Companys stock.2.4.5 Other informationThe acquisition  disposal or transfer of these shares may be completed and paid for by all methods authorised by the current regulations  on a regulated market  multilateral trading system  a systematic internaliser  or over the counter  in particular through the acquisition or disposal of blocks of shares  using options or other derivative financial instruments  or warrants or  more generally  securities entitling their bearers to shares of the Company  at the times that the Board of Directors will determine.The Board of Directors shall have all powers  with the power to sub delegate in compliance with legislative and regulatory conditions  in order to  in accordance with applicable legislative and regulatory provisions  proceed with the permitted reallocation of repurchased shares in view of one of the objectives of the programme  to one or more of its other objectives  or even their disposal  on or off the market.2.5 Term of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback ProgramAccording to the fourth (4th) resolution proposed and accepted by the Shareholders Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2024  this Program will have a maximum period of eighteen (18) months from the date of said Combined General Meeting and will therefore continue no later than 15 November 2025 (including) or until the date of its renewal by a Shareholders General Meeting  the one occurring first.This authorisation concludes the authorisation granted by the fourth (4th) resolution that was adopted by the Shareholders Combined Meeting of 16 May 2023.LEGAL FRAMEWORKLegal FrameworkThe legal framework used for this document shall be that in force on 31 July 2024.It shall be noted that regulation may evolve during time and its updates shall be taken into consideration.Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation) and repealing Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC; Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buy-back programs and stabilisation measures; Article L.225-206 and following of the French Commercial Code (and updates); General Regulation of the French Market Authority: Article L.221-1 and seq. and Article L.241-1 and seq.; AMF Policy Documents.Historical figuresThe main features of the Share Buyback Programs have been published on the website of the Company (http://www.coface.com/Investors) and are also described in the Universal Registration Documents.Share Buyback ProgramGeneral Assembly authorizing the ProgramDecision to implement the Program by the Board of DirectorsTransactions framework Liquidity Agreement LTIP Cancellation of shares 2020  2021 14 May 2020 (Res. 5) 29 July 2020 Yes No Yes1 2021  2022 12 May 2021 (Res. 17) 28 July 2021 Yes No No 2022  2023 17 May 2022 (Res. 8) 28 July 2022 Yes Yes2 No 2023  2024 16 May 2023 (Res. 4) 10 August 2023 Yes Yes3 No 2024  2025 16 May 2024 (Res. 4) 5 August 2024 Yes No No(1) Own shares transactions Agreement  signed with Kepler Cheuvreux  from 27 October 2020 to 29 January 2021  to buy Cofaces shares for their cancellation. For more information  the reader should refer to the Universal Registration Document published in 2021 on the 2020 financial statements.(2) Own shares transactions Agreement  signed with BNP Paribas Exane  from 13 September 2022 to 15 November 2022  to buy Cofaces shares for their allocation under the LTIP. For more information  the reader should refer to the Universal Registration Document published in 2023 on the 2022 financial statements.(3) Own shares transactions Agreement  signed with Kepler Cheuvreux  from 11 September 2023 to 29 September 2023  to buy Cofaces shares for their allocation under the LTIP. For more information  the reader should refer to the Universal Registration Document published in 2024 on the 2023 financial statements.Wiztrust Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['2024-2025 Share Buyback Program', 'Coface SA', 'Description', 'Autorit des marchs financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Shareholders Combined General Meeting', '2023-2024 Share Buyback Program', '2024-2025 Share Buyback Program', 'new Share Buyback Program', ""Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labour Code', 'fourth (4th) resolution', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'investment service provider', 'other Group entities', 'employee profit sharing', 'external growth operations', 'stock option plan', '2024-2025 Program', 'share capital', 'new authorization', 'Code ISIN', 'savings plan', 'other manner', 'COFACE SA', 'main features', 'Euronext Paris', 'applicable regulation', 'existing one', 'MAIN CHARACTERISTICS', 'hedging operations', 'corporate officers', 'Article L.', 'current regulations', 'hedge operations', 'market authorities', 'market practice', 'Legal Framework', 'liquidity contract', 'liquidity agreement', 'Articles L.', 'Authorized objectives', 'regulatory provisions', '834,406 common shares', 'bonus shares', 'The Company', '2.3 Objectives', 'Description', 'INTRODUCTION', '16 May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'transactions', 'website', 'Compartment', 'end', 'power', 'accordance', 'legislative', 'Date', '5 August', 'CEO', 'delegation', 'Allotment', '31 July', 'breakdown', 'number', 'context', 'compliance', 'Charter', 'Ethics', 'employees', 'allocation', 'conditions', 'times', 'person', 'Purchases', 'sales', 'decision', '2 July', 'exercise', 'rights', 'securities', 'bearers', 'reimbursement', 'conversion', 'exchange', 'presentation', 'warrant', 'payment', 'trade']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44479,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/global-shares-drop-again-as-us-recession-fears-mount/a519830052.html,Global shares drop again as US recession fears mount,Shares in Dublin were among those seeing a second day of sharp falls after markets opened on Monday  with the Euronext Dublin market trading despite the Irish bank holiday.,"AIB  Cairn Homes and Kingspan among worst performing Irish stocksShares in Dublin were among those seeing a second day of sharp falls after markets opened on Monday  with the Euronext Dublin market trading despite the Irish bank holiday.Globally  Monday is seeing a second day of sharp falls across a swath of sectors including tech stocks and banks  amid twin fears that a recent boom in shares linked to the potential of artificial intelligence (AI) had over shot as well as general fears for the US economy where weaker than expected data last week on jobs and manufacturing have raised the prospect of potential recession in the worlds biggest economy.The risk of recession reflects a view the US central bank  the Federal Reserve Bank  has waited too long to cut interest rates hiked in the past two years in an effort to calm inflation.US stock index futures tumbled on Monday  with those tied to the tech heavy Nasdaq falling nearly 4pc. Stock markets from Asia to Europe took a beating and bond yields slid as investors rushed to safe-haven assets and investors bet the US Federal Reserve would need to cut interest rates quickly to spur growth. All megacap and growth stocks  the main drivers for the indexes hitting record highs earlier this year  fell sharply in premarket trading. Apple Inc slumped 7.3pc after Berkshire Hathaway slashed its stake in the iPhone maker by almost 50%  suggesting that the billionaire investor is growing wary about the broader US economy or stock market valuations that have gotten too high. Chip maker Nvidia fell 6.8pc after reports of a delay in the launch of its upcoming artificial-intelligence chips due to design flaws. It has been a darling of the stock market for most of this year  with its shares hitting a record in June.In Ireland AIB and Bank of Ireland saw some of the biggest price falls early on Monday  as happened on Friday before the scale of drops eased back later in the morning. Housebuilder Cairn Homes  construction materials maker Kingspan and hotel group Dalata were also among names seeing the biggest falls but almost every company in the Iseq 20 index of leading Irish shares was down  with Kerry Group a rare exception as it had been on Friday.Banks globally are under pressure after weak US jobs data sparked speculation the US Fed may reduce rates faster potentially even making a chunky half-of-on-percent cut to its benchmark interest rates at its September meeting  which would hit the profitability of US banks and drag down global banking valuations.Big Wall Street brokerages also revised their Fed rate projections for 2024 to show greater policy easing by the central bank. ""I am reluctant to believe the Fed would start the easing process with a 50 bps cut  but if the next seven weeks of data are consistent with this week's  the Fed should be aggressive "" said Ronald Temple  chief market strategist at Lazard.",negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,mixed,0.1,0.29,0.6,True,English,"['US recession fears', 'Global shares', 'worst performing Irish stocks Shares', 'Big Wall Street brokerages', 'US stock index futures', 'weak US jobs data', 'leading Irish shares', 'Irish bank holiday', 'past two years', 'upcoming artificial-intelligence chips', 'global banking valuations', 'next seven weeks', 'US Federal Reserve', 'chief market strategist', 'tech heavy Nasdaq', 'stock market valuations', 'greater policy easing', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'construction materials maker', 'broader US economy', 'Housebuilder Cairn Homes', 'US central bank', 'Euronext Dublin market', 'Fed rate projections', 'biggest price falls', 'benchmark interest rates', 'tech stocks', 'Iseq 20 index', 'biggest economy', 'biggest falls', 'growth stocks', 'easing process', 'iPhone maker', 'Chip maker', 'sharp falls', 'Stock markets', 'US banks', 'second day', 'twin fears', 'recent boom', 'artificial intelligence', 'general fears', 'bond yields', 'safe-haven assets', 'main drivers', 'premarket trading', 'Apple Inc', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'billionaire investor', 'design flaws', 'hotel group', 'Kerry Group', 'rare exception', 'percent cut', 'September meeting', '50 bps cut', 'Ronald Temple', 'record highs', 'potential recession', 'AIB', 'Kingspan', 'Monday', 'swath', 'sectors', 'weaker', 'manufacturing', 'prospect', 'world', 'risk', 'view', 'effort', 'inflation', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'beating', 'investors', 'megacap', 'indexes', 'stake', 'Nvidia', 'reports', 'delay', 'launch', 'darling', 'June', 'Ireland', 'Friday', 'scale', 'drops', 'morning', 'Dalata', 'names', 'company', 'pressure', 'speculation', 'chunky', 'profitability', 'Lazard']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,independent.ie
44480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924037/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Aug 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV  28.5270  25.5692 Estimated MTD return -0.50 % -0.40 % Estimated YTD return 3.55 % 4.07 % Estimated ITD return 185.27 % 155.69 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close  27.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.35 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 200.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.96 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated)  257.1362 Class GBP A Shares (estimated)  136.9751The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Aug', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44481,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924462/0/en/Weekly-report-share-buyback-from-July-29-to-August-2-2024.html,Weekly report share buyback from July 29 to August 2  2024,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  TechnipEnergies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from July 29  2024  to August 2  2024.,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from July 29  2024  to August 2  2024.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Regarding shares to be cancelled:Name of the Issuer Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 7/29/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 23 818490 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 7/30/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 23 507453 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 7/31/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 23 673469 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 8/1/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 566736 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 8/2/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 21 308156 XPAR TOTAL 105 000 22 974861Regarding shares to be used to fulfil the companys obligations under equity compensation plans:Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 7/29/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 23 816153 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 7/30/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 23 505787 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 7/31/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 23 666718 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 8/1/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 563449 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 8/2/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 21 297753 XPAR TOTAL 45 000 22 969972For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares .About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 16 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter.For further information: www.ten.com .ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 203 429 3929Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Weekly report share buyback', 'July', 'August', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'robust project delivery model', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Phillip Lindsay Vice-President', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'Technip Energies shares', 'equity compensation plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'growing market positions', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Issuer Identity code', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Identity Day', 'MIC Code', 'shares Market', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'discretionary mandate', 'Issuer Day', 'financial instrument', 'detailed declaration', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'Investors relations', 'shares purchases', 'buyback program', 'detailed information', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Technology company', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'July', 'August', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'number', 'obligations', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '16,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44482,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924038/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Aug 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV  28.5270  25.5692 Estimated MTD return -0.50 % -0.40 % Estimated YTD return 3.55 % 4.07 % Estimated ITD return 185.27 % 155.69 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close  27.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.35 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 200.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.96 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated)  257.1362 Class GBP A Shares (estimated)  136.9751The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Aug', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44483,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/global-shares-drop-again-as-fears-us-recession-fears-mount/a519830052.html,Global shares drop again as fears US recession fears mount,Shares in Dublin were among those seeing a second day of sharp falls after markets opened on Monday  with the Euronext Dublin market trading despite the Irish bank holiday.,"AIB  Cairn Homes and Kingspan among worst performing Irish stocksShares in Dublin were among those seeing a second day of sharp falls after markets opened on Monday  with the Euronext Dublin market trading despite the Irish bank holiday.Globally  Monday is seeing a second day of sharp falls across a swath of sectors including tech stocks and banks  amid twin fears that a recent boom in shares linked to the potential of artificial intelligence (AI) had over shot as well as general fears for the US economy where weaker than expected data last week on jobs and manufacturing have raised the prospect of potential recession in the worlds biggest economy.The risk of recession reflects a view the US central bank  the Federal Reserve Bank  has waited too long to cut interest rates hiked in the past two years in an effort to calm inflation.US stock index futures tumbled on Monday  with those tied to the tech heavy Nasdaq falling nearly 4pc. Stock markets from Asia to Europe took a beating and bond yields slid as investors rushed to safe-haven assets and investors bet the US Federal Reserve would need to cut interest rates quickly to spur growth. All megacap and growth stocks  the main drivers for the indexes hitting record highs earlier this year  fell sharply in premarket trading. Apple Inc slumped 7.3pc after Berkshire Hathaway slashed its stake in the iPhone maker by almost 50%  suggesting that the billionaire investor is growing wary about the broader US economy or stock market valuations that have gotten too high. Chip maker Nvidia fell 6.8pc after reports of a delay in the launch of its upcoming artificial-intelligence chips due to design flaws. It has been a darling of the stock market for most of this year  with its shares hitting a record in June.In Ireland AIB and Bank of Ireland saw some of the biggest price falls early on Monday  as happened on Friday before the scale of drops eased back later in the morning. Housebuilder Cairn Homes  construction materials maker Kingspan and hotel group Dalata were also among names seeing the biggest falls but almost every company in the Iseq 20 index of leading Irish shares was down  with Kerry Group a rare exception as it had been on Friday.Banks globally are under pressure after weak US jobs data sparked speculation the US Fed may reduce rates faster potentially even making a chunky half-of-on-percent cut to its benchmark interest rates at its September meeting  which would hit the profitability of US banks and drag down global banking valuations.Big Wall Street brokerages also revised their Fed rate projections for 2024 to show greater policy easing by the central bank. ""I am reluctant to believe the Fed would start the easing process with a 50 bps cut  but if the next seven weeks of data are consistent with this week's  the Fed should be aggressive "" said Ronald Temple  chief market strategist at Lazard.",negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,mixed,0.1,0.29,0.6,True,English,"['US recession fears', 'Global shares', 'worst performing Irish stocks Shares', 'Big Wall Street brokerages', 'US stock index futures', 'weak US jobs data', 'leading Irish shares', 'Irish bank holiday', 'past two years', 'upcoming artificial-intelligence chips', 'global banking valuations', 'next seven weeks', 'US Federal Reserve', 'chief market strategist', 'tech heavy Nasdaq', 'stock market valuations', 'greater policy easing', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'construction materials maker', 'broader US economy', 'Housebuilder Cairn Homes', 'US central bank', 'Euronext Dublin market', 'Fed rate projections', 'biggest price falls', 'benchmark interest rates', 'tech stocks', 'Iseq 20 index', 'biggest economy', 'biggest falls', 'growth stocks', 'easing process', 'iPhone maker', 'Chip maker', 'sharp falls', 'Stock markets', 'US banks', 'second day', 'twin fears', 'recent boom', 'artificial intelligence', 'general fears', 'bond yields', 'safe-haven assets', 'main drivers', 'premarket trading', 'Apple Inc', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'billionaire investor', 'design flaws', 'hotel group', 'Kerry Group', 'rare exception', 'percent cut', 'September meeting', '50 bps cut', 'Ronald Temple', 'record highs', 'potential recession', 'AIB', 'Kingspan', 'Monday', 'swath', 'sectors', 'weaker', 'manufacturing', 'prospect', 'world', 'risk', 'view', 'effort', 'inflation', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'beating', 'investors', 'megacap', 'indexes', 'stake', 'Nvidia', 'reports', 'delay', 'launch', 'darling', 'June', 'Ireland', 'Friday', 'scale', 'drops', 'morning', 'Dalata', 'names', 'company', 'pressure', 'speculation', 'chunky', 'profitability', 'Lazard']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,independent.ie
44484,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/05/2924471/0/en/Coface-SA-confirms-its-very-good-start-to-the-year-with-a-net-income-of-142-3m-up-10.html,Coface SA: confirms its very good start to the year with a net income of 142.3m  up 10%,Coface confirms its very good start to the year with a net income of 142.3m  up 10%  Paris  5 August 2024  17.35  Turnover: 923m  down -3.1%...,Coface confirms its very good start to the year with a net income of 142.3m  up 10%Paris  5 August 2024  17.35Turnover: 923m  down -3.1% at constant FX and perimeter Credit insurance premiums down -5.3%; client activity remains slightly negative Client retention still high (92.8%) but down from 2023 record; pricing effect remained negative (-1.4%) in line with historical trends Renewed double-digit growth in information services (+16.9% at constant FX) and debt collection (+20.3% vs. a low base); factoring down -2.6% but up 1.0% in Q2Net loss ratio at 35.0%  improved by 5.3 ppts; net combined ratio at 63.4%  improved by 3.2 ppts Gross loss ratio at 32.5%  improved by 6.9 ppts with stable opening reserving and high reserve releases Net cost ratio up by 3.2 ppts to 28.4%  reflecting lower revenues  offset by a better product mix  while we continue to investNet income (group share) at 142.3m  including 73.8m for Q2-24 and annualised RoATE 1 at 15.3%Estimated solvency ratio at 195%2  above the target range (155%-175%)Unless otherwise indicated  change comparisons refer to the results as at 30 June 2023Xavier Durand  Cofaces Chief Executive Officer  commented:Our results reflect the disciplined execution of our strategy and a still sluggish economic environment. The continuing decline in inflation and the lack of a rebound in our clients activities are reflected in a fall in our insurance revenues of 5.3%  from a record high comparison basis.In line with our strategic priorities  our service revenues (information services  debt collection) once again recorded double-digit growth  limiting the decline in our overall turnover to 3.1%.Our combined ratio was resilient at 63.4%  an excellent level  due to our successful risk management. We benefited from the past rise in interest rates to record an increase in financial income.Our net income rose once again  to 142.3m  which corresponds to a return on average tangible equity of 15.3%  well above our mid-cycle targets.Our solvency ratio remains very high  at 195%  which provides our clients with a high level of security while enabling us to seize growth opportunities as they arise.Key figures at 30 June 2024The Board of Directors of COFACE SA examined the consolidated financial statements at 30 June 2024 at its meeting of 5 August 2024. The Audit Committee at its meeting on 2 August 2024 also previously reviewed them. These interim consolidated financial statements have been subject to limited review by the statutory auditors. The limited review report is being issued.Income statements items in m H1-23 H1-24 Variation % ex. FX* Gross earned premiums 803.1 754.3 (6.1)% (5.3)% Other revenues 156.6 168.5 +7.6% +7.9% REVENUE 959.7 922.7 (3.8)% (3.1)% UNDERWRITING INCOME/LOSS AFTER REINSURANCE 198.8 195.0 (1.9)% (0.5)% Investment income  net of management expenses excluding finance costs 1.4 40.8 +2 779% +2 521% Insurance Finance Expenses -14.7 -18.1 +22.8% +33.0% CURRENT OPERATING INCOME 185.5 217.7 +17.3% +15.4% Other operating income / expenses -0.7 -0.5 (26.1)% (23.3)% OPERATING INCOME 184.8 217.2 +17.5% +15.6% NET INCOME (GROUP SHARE) 128.8 142.3 +10.4% +7.3% Key ratios H1-23 H1-24 Variation Loss ratio net of reinsurance 40.3% 35.0% (5.3) ppts Cost ratio net of reinsurance 25.2% 28.4% 3.2 ppts COMBINED RATIO NET OF REINSURANCE 65.5% 63.4% (2.1) ppts Balance sheet items in m 2023 H1-24 Variation Total equity (group share) 2 050.8 2 002.9 (2.3)% H1-23 H1-24 Solvency ratio 192%1 195%1 +3 ppts* Also excludes scope impact1 This estimated solvency ratio constitutes a preliminary calculation made according to Cofaces interpretation of Solvency II regulations and using the Partial Internal Model. The final calculation may differ from this preliminary calculation. The estimated solvency ratio is not audited.1. TurnoverIn the first half of the year  Coface recorded a consolidated turnover of 922.7m  down -3.1% at constant perimeter and FX compared to H1-23. As reported (at current FX and perimeter)  turnover was down -3.8%.Revenues from insurance activities (including bonding and Single Risk) were down by -5.3% at constant FX and perimeter due to a decline in inflation and the absence of a rebound in client activities. Client retention remains high at 92.8% (down -1.6% on H1-23)  in a competitive market where Coface implemented risk mitigation plans. Buoyed by an increase in demand and the positive effects of investments for growth  new business rose to 69m  up 6m compared to H1-23.Client activities have not returned to growth and were slightly negative over the first half of the year (-0.1%). The price effect remained negative at -1.4% in H1-24  in line with long-term trends. This is largely due to very low past losses offset by the current normalisation environment.Turnover from non-insurance activities was up +7.9% compared to H1-23. Factoring turnover was down by -2.6% over the first half of the year. However  it increased by 1.0% in Q2-24. Information services turnover rose +16.9%. Fee and commission income (debt collection commissions) increased by +20.3%  from a low base  due to the increase in claims to be collected. Commissions were up +8.9%.Total revenue - in m(by country of invoicing) H1-23 H1-24 Variation % ex. FX3 Northern Europe 200.1 185.0 (7.5)% (7.5)% Western Europe 194.3 187.6 (3.4)% (3.8)% Central and Eastern Europe 91.1 87.0 (4.5)% (7.3)% Mediterranean & Africa 267.0 276.0 +3.4% +6.0% North America 85.4 88.7 +3.8% (6.9)% Latin America 54.5 38.2 (29.9)% (7.8)% Asia Pacific 67.3 60.2 (10.6)% (9.4)% Total Group 959.7 922.7 (3.8)% (3.1)%In Northern Europe  turnover was down by -7.5% at constant and current FX. The region was hit by a slowdown in client activities and the selective non-renewal of some loss-making policies. This decline was partially offset by the growth in adjacent activities. Factoring revenues were down -1.5%  an improvement compared to the previous quarter.In Western Europe  turnover was down by -3.8% at constant FX (-3.4% at current FX). The slowdown in client activities was partially offset by the rise in information sales.In Central and Eastern Europe  turnover fell -7.3% at constant FX (-4.5% at current FX) due to the decline in client activities  which weighed on credit insurance. Factoring was down -6.9% at constant exchange rates.In the Mediterranean and Africa region  which is driven by Italy and Spain  turnover rose +6.0% at constant FX and +3.4% at current FX on the back of robust sales in credit insurance and services and a stronger economic environment.In North America  turnover was down -6.9% at constant FX but increased by +3.8% at current FX due to the integration of Mexico. The region saw a slowdown in client activities despite higher retention.In Latin America  turnover fell by -7.8% at constant FX and -29.9% at current FX. The region was hit by a decline in client activities  mainly in commodities and metals  and the transfer of Mexico to the North America region.In Asia-Pacific  turnover decreased by -9.4% at constant FX and -10.6% at current FX  due to a slowdown in client activities.2. ResultCombined ratioThe combined ratio net of reinsurance stood at 63.4% for H1-24 (an improvement of 2.1 ppts year on year and almost flat against the previous quarter).(i) Loss ratioThe gross loss ratio stood at 32.5%  a 6.9-ppt improvement on the first half of the previous year. This improvement reflects the gradual normalisation of the loss experience  offset by high reserve releases. The number of mid-sized claims increased but remains below long-term trends.The Groups provisioning policy remained unchanged. The amount of provisions related to the underwriting year  although discounted  remained in line with the historical average. Strict management of past claims enabled the Group to record 44.4 ppts of recoveries.The net loss ratio improved by 5.3 ppts compared to H1-23  at 35.0%.(ii) Cost ratioCoface is pursuing a strict cost management policy while maintaining its investments  in line with the Power the Core strategic plan. In H1-24  costs rose by +6.5% at constant perimeter and FX  and +6.3% at current FX.The cost ratio net of reinsurance was 32.6% in H1-24  up 3.0 ppts year on year. This rise was mainly due to the decline in revenues (1.0 ppt)  embedded cost inflation (1.9 ppts) and ongoing investments (1.6 ppts). In contrast  the improved product mix (information services  debt collection and fee and commission income) had a positive effect of 1.5 ppts. High reinsurance commissions explain the remainder of the variation.Financial resultNet financial income was +40.8m over the first half of the year. This amount includes realised capital gains (+10.1m)  which more than offset negative market value adjustments on investments (-4.2m) and an FX effect of -7.0m  mostly due to the rise in the euro against most other currencies in which the Group does business.The portfolios current yield (i.e. excluding capital gains  depreciation and FX) was 48.0m. The accounting yield4  excluding capital gains and fair value effect  was 1.5% in H1-24. The yield on new investments was 4.5%.Insurance Finance Expenses (IFE) stood at 18.1m for the first half due to higher discount rates and higher loss reserves.Operating income and net incomeOperating income amounted to 217.2m in H1-24  up 17.5%.The effective tax rate was 27% over the first half of the year (vs. 24% for H1-23).In total  net income (group share) was 142.3m  up 10.4% compared to the first half of 2023.3. Shareholders equityAs of 30 June 2024  Group shareholders equity stood at 2 002.9m  down 47.8m  or -2.3% (compared to 2 050.8m at 31 December 2023).These changes are mainly due to the positive net income of 142.3m and the dividend payment of -194.3m. Other items such as changes in unrealised capital gains had only a minor impact.The annualised return on average tangible equity (RoATE) was 15.3% at 30 June 2024  mainly due to the improvement in financial income.The solvency ratio stood at 195%5  up 3 points compared to H1-23. It remains well above the upper end of the target range (155%-175%).4. OutlookCoface has slightly raised its global growth forecast to 2.5% for 2024  and expects 2.7% in 2025. China and the United States continue to post moderate growth  offset by the performance of some emerging countries. These figures are substantially lower than the pace of growth recorded over the past decade.On inflation  the rebalancing of the labour market in the United States is good news after the significant tensions caused by labour shortages. However  persistent moderate inflation confirms that it will be very difficult to bring inflation back in line with central bank targets. The target of 2% will only be attainable at the cost of a decline in the labour market or companies operating margins  with the risk of a renewed increase in company failures.Political risk remains higher than ever with many elections still to come and several conflicts that have potential to take a turn for the worse. The surprise dissolution of the National Assembly in France has put decisions on hold  which is bad news for economic activity as Paris hosts the Olympic Games  which will provide a temporary boost.The US presidential election remains the major political event for the end of the year and has already brought a run of surprises.In this environment of continued uncertainty and with a modest growth outlook  Coface continues to implement its Power the Core strategic plan. The first half of 2024 marked an excellent start to this plan  with most key performance indicators positive.Conference call for financial analystsCofaces H1-2024 results will be discussed with financial analysts during the conference call on Monday 5 August at 18.00 (Paris time). Dial one of the following numbers:The presentation will be available (in English only) at the following address:http://www.coface.com/Investors/financial-results-and-reportsAppendicesQuarterly resultsIncome statements items in mQuarterly figures Q1-23 Q2-23 Q3-23 Q4-23 Q1-24 Q2-24 % %ex. FX* Insurance revenue 395.3 407.8 384.7 371.3 378.6 375.6 (7.9)% (7.2)% Other revenues 79.8 76.8 73.4 79.2 85.0 83.4 +8.7% +8.8% REVENUE 475.1 484.5 458.1 450.4 463.7 459.1 (5.3)% (4.6)% UNDERWRITING INCOME (LOSS)AFTER REINSURANCE 95.3 103.5 91.2 105.4 100.3 94.7 (8.5)% (6.9)% Investment income  net of management expenses excluding finance costs (2.6) 4.0 13.0 (2.0) 17.9 22.8 +467.5% +431.8% Insurance Finance Expenses (2.4) (12.3) (15.4) (9.9) -11.4 -6.7 (46.1)% (41.7)% CURRENT OPERATING INCOME 90.4 95.2 88.9 93.5 106.8 110.9 +16.5% +16.1% Other operating income / expenses (0.3) (0.4) (0.2) (4.0) -0.1 -0.5 +23.0% +25.2% OPERATING INCOME 90.0 94.8 88.6 89.5 106.8 110.4 +16.5% +16.1% NET INCOME (GROUP SHARE) 61.2 67.7 60.9 50.8 68.4 73.8 +9.1% +9.2% Income tax rate 25.5% 21.9% 24.2% 36.0% 27.2% 26.8% +4.8 pptsCumulated resultsIncome statements items in mCumulated figures Q1-23 H1-23 9M-23 2023 Q1-24 H1-24 % %ex. FX* Insurance revenue 395.3 803.1 1 187.8 1 559.1 378.6 754.3 (6.1)% (5.3)% Other revenues 79.8 156.6 230.0 309.2 85.0 168.5 +7.6% +7.9% REVENUE 475.1 959.7 1 417.8 1 868.2 463.7 922.7 (3.8)% (3.1)% UNDERWRITING INCOME (LOSS)AFTER REINSURANCE 95.3 198.8 290.0 395.4 100.3 195.0 (1.9)% (0.5)% Investment income  net of management expenses excluding finance costs (2.6) 1.4 14.5 12.4 17.9 40.8 +2 779% +2 520 5% Insurance Finance Expenses (2.4) (14.7) (30.1) (40.0) (11.4) (18.1) +22.8% +33.0% CURRENT OPERATING INCOME 90.4 185.5 274.4 367.9 106.8 217.7 +17.3% +15.4% Other operating income / expenses (0.3) (0.7) (0.9) (5.0) (0.1) (0.5) (26.1)% (23.3)% OPERATING INCOME 90.0 184.8 273.4 362.9 106.8 217.2 +17.5% +15.6% NET INCOME (GROUP SHARE) 61.2 128.8 189.7 240.5 68.4 142.3 +10.4% +7.3% Income tax rate 25.5% 23.7% 23.8% 26.8% 27.2% 27.0% +3.3 ppts* Also excludes scope impactCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58  thomas.jacquet@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91  saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comAdrien BILLET: +33 1 49 02 23 63  adrien.billet@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2024(subject to change)9M-2024 results: 5 November 2024 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SAs integral regulatory information  can be found on the Groups website: http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2024 and our 2023 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 Key financial performance indicators).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust.You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Cofaces experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping around 100 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Cofaces insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2023  Coface employed ~4 970 people and registered a turnover of 1.87 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 Main risk factors and their management within the Group of the Coface Group's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 5 April 2024 under the number D.24-0242 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.1 Return on average tangible equity2This estimated solvency ratio is a preliminary calculation made according to Cofaces interpretation of Solvency II regulations and using the Partial Internal Model. The final calculation may differ from this preliminary calculation. The estimated solvency ratio is not audited.3 Also excludes scope impact4 Book yield calculated on the average of the investment portfolio excluding non-consolidated subsidiaries.5This estimated solvency ratio is a preliminary calculation made according to Cofaces interpretation of Solvency II regulations and using the Partial Internal Model. The final calculation may differ from this preliminary calculation. The estimated solvency ratio is not audited.Attachment,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.06,0.66,True,English,"['Coface SA', 'good start', 'net income', 'year', 'UNDERWRITING INCOME/LOSS AFTER REINSURANCE', 'record high comparison basis', 'H1-24 Variation Total equity', 'interim consolidated financial statements', 'perimeter Credit insurance premiums', 'average tangible equity', 'stable opening reserving', 'high reserve releases', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sluggish economic environment', 'The Audit Committee', 'Balance sheet items', 'Partial Internal Model', 'risk mitigation plans', 'current normalisation environment', 'Solvency II regulations', 'Income statements items', 'Net cost ratio', 'Cost ratio net', 'successful risk management', 'Estimated solvency ratio', 'limited review report', 'low past losses', 'COMBINED RATIO NET', 'Net loss ratio', 'net combined ratio', 'H1-24 Solvency ratio', 'CURRENT OPERATING INCOME', 'Other operating income', 'Gross loss ratio', 'Insurance Finance Expenses', 'Information services turnover', 'high level', 'financial income', 'net income', 'Single Risk', 'consolidated turnover', 'insurance activities', 'low base', 'past rise', 'management expenses', 'finance costs', 'current FX', 'insurance revenues', 'Other revenues', 'Investment income', 'commission income', 'good start', 'client activity', 'Client retention', 'pricing effect', 'historical trends', 'debt collection', 'product mix', 'group share', 'target range', 'change comparisons', 'Xavier Durand', 'disciplined execution', 'strategic priorities', 'excellent level', 'interest rates', 'mid-cycle targets', 'Key figures', 'statutory auditors', 'Key ratios', 'preliminary calculation', 'final calculation', 'first half', 'constant perimeter', 'client activities', 'competitive market', 'positive effects', 'new business', 'price effect', 'long-term trends', 'constant FX', 'lower revenues', 'service revenues', 'overall turnover', 'Factoring turnover', 'double-digit growth', 'growth opportunities', 'clients activities', 'continuing decline', 'COFACE SA', '2023 record', 'year', '5 August', 'Q2', '5.3 ppts', '3.2 ppts', '6.9 ppts', 'RoATE', 'results', '30 June', 'strategy', 'inflation', 'lack', 'rebound', 'fall', 'increase', 'return', 'security', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '2 August', 'scope', 'impact', 'interpretation', 'bonding', 'absence', 'demand', 'investments', 'non', 'Fee', '35.0', '']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,globenewswire.com
44485,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/earnings-call-bpost-reports-mixed-q2-results-amid-market-challenges-93CH-3554025,Earnings call: bpost reports mixed Q2 results amid market challenges By Investing.com,Earnings call: bpost reports mixed Q2 results amid market challenges,In the recent earnings call  bpost (Euronext Brussels: BPOST) CEO Chris Peeters provided an overview of the company's performance for the second quarter of 2024.Despite a 3.8% decline in Group operating income  which totaled 988 million  the Belgian segment showed resilience with stable mail revenue and increased parcel revenues. Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was 57.8 million  a decrease from the previous year  with a margin of 5.8%.The acquisition of Staci was completed ahead of schedule  positioning bpost into three business units: last-mile  cross-border  and third-party logistics.The company is facing challenges such as a decline in sales due to last year's churn  the impact of Amazon (NASDAQ: ) insourcing  and evolving market dynamics in Asia.Key TakeawaysGroup operating income declined by 3.8% year-over-year to 988 million.Adjusted EBIT was 57.8 million with a 5.8% margin.bpost completed the acquisition of Staci  reorganizing into three business units.The Belgian market remains strong with stable mail and increased parcel revenues.Challenges include market churn  Amazon insourcing  and shifts in Asian e-commerce.Operating expenses and depreciation decreased by 13% due to efficiency improvements.Cash flow from operating activities was down by 36 million.The Radial US division's performance met expectations despite customer losses.New customer onboarding results are expected in Q2-Q3 of 2025.Negotiations with Belgian authorities for improved USO (NYSE: ) conditions are ongoing.Out-of-home delivery market in Belgium is still developing  with plans to expand the APM network.Company OutlookExpectation of new customer onboarding impact in Q2-Q3 of 2025.Anticipation of increased out-of-home delivery volumes in the next two to three years.Strategic plans for out-of-home delivery to be announced at the upcoming Capital Market Day.Bearish HighlightsDecrease in Group operating income and adjusted EBIT year-over-year.Decline in sales due to last year's churn and market challenges.Six consecutive quarters of lower revenue for the Landmark division.Ongoing impact of customer losses from 2023.Bullish HighlightsSuccessful early acquisition of Staci.Resilient performance in the Belgian market.Decrease in operating expenses and depreciation by 13%.Variable contribution margin improved by over 4% from last year.MissesCash flow from operating activities decreased by 36 million due to lower EBITDA and dividends.The full effect of the new strategy to rebalance the customer portfolio not expected until 2025.Q&A HighlightsDiscussions on Asian market evolution and direct volume injection by Chinese e-tailers.bpost's compliance with the new BIPT law requiring home delivery parcel services.Plans to build up the APM network and expectations of an increase in out-of-home delivery volume.bpost continues to navigate a mixed business environment  balancing operational improvements and market challenges. The company's reorganization and strategic initiatives aim to strengthen its position in the logistics and delivery sectors.With the upcoming Capital Market Day and Q3 results release on November 8  stakeholders are looking forward to more insights into bpost's future plans and performance.Full transcript - None (BPOSF) Q2 2024:Operator: Hello  and welcome to the bpost Second Quarter 2024 Analyst Call. My name is Caroline  and I'll be a coordinator for today's event. Please note that this conference is being recorded  and for the duration of the call your lines will be on listen-only mode. However you will have an opportunity to ask questions at the end of the call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand over to your host  Chris Peeters  the CEO. Please  go ahead  sir. Thank you.Chris Peeters: Thank you. And good morning  ladies and gentlemen  welcome to all of you and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to present our second quarter results as CEO of bpostgroup. With me  I have Philippe Dartienne  our CFO as well as Antoine Lebecq from Investor Relations. We posted the materials on our website this morning. We will walk you through the presentation and will then take your questions. As always  two questions each would ensure everyone gets the chance to be addressed in the upcoming hour. Before we start  as anticipated when we last spoke in early July  Im pleased to confirm that we successfully closed the acquisition of Staci yesterday. Thanks to the excellent work and collaboration of our teams on both sides we have completed acquisition two months ahead of schedule. We can now begin implementing the integration plan we have prepared over the past few months. Im delighted to welcome Stacis CEO Thomas Mortier and his teams to the bpostgroup family. As we explained in April when we announced this acquisition  we will now organize ourselves around three business units with a business-based approach rather than a country-based one  alongside our last-mile and cross-border divisions. Thomas will join our executive committee and lead our 3PL Third Party Logistics activities in Europe  including Staci  but also Radial and Active Ants. Our executive leadership is now complete and fully equipped to drive our transformation forward. Now  regarding the quarter results  as you can see on the highlights on Page 3  our Group operating income for Q2 stood at 988 million and declined year-over-year by 3.8%  mainly due to ongoing pressures in North America  while on the other hand  Belgium remained resilient with stable mail revenue and higher parcel revenues  and our e-fulfillment activities in Europe and our European cross-border sales continued to grow. Our Group adjusted EBIT stood at 57.8 million with a margin of 5.8%  a decline of 10.9 million compared to last year  mainly attributable to North America. This decline occurred despite our relentless efforts in cost management and productivity  which have helped mitigate some of these pressures. Overall  this set of results is broadly in line with the recent guidance we shared with you in early July  and Philippe will now give you more details on the financial performance of our business units.Philippe Dartienne: Thank you  Chris  and good morning to all. On Page 4  you can find an overview on the key financials for the quarter  both reported and adjusted. Chris has already mentioned our Group top-line adjusted EBIT of 58 million. Please note that our reported EBIT amounted to 48 million  which reflects notably the adjustment of 7 million for M&A costs incurred in the quarter. As a reminder  we had nearly 8 million in M&A costs in the first quarter. This resulted in a year-to-date EBIT of 127.5 million  while our reported EBIT stands at 107 million  including 15 million of M&A costs. In the second quarter  our adjusted EBIT decreased by 11 million. Our adjusted net profit decreased by 6 million to 39 million. The EBIT decline was partially mitigated by a nearly 9 million improvement in financial results  primarily due to a positive non-cash IAS 19 effect triggered by higher discount rates. Let's move now to the details of Belgium on Page 5. At Belgium  we see that revenue remains nearly stable at 545 million. Domestic Mail recorded an underlying volume decline of only 2.9% for the quarter  compared to a negative 8.3% same quarter in 2023. As anticipated in our annual guidance  this limited volume decline in the quarters includes mail volume from European  Federal and Regional elections early June. The mail volume decline impacted revenues by minus 9 million  yet was fully offset by a positive price and mix effect of plus 9 million  volume minus 9 million  price plus 9 million in this quarter. This resulted in a stable domestic mail revenue year-on-year  including an approximately 3 million reduction of state compensation for price concession and around 4 million from election mail campaigns. Parcels Belgium recorded in second quarter an increase of 6.4 million or plus 5.4%. Parcels volume increased by 2.5% year-over-year  while additional volume from existing customers that were delayed in Q1 finally materialized in the second quarter  the volume growth remaining modest due to the impact of the four-day strikes in April during the press negotiations with the unions. Some volume shifted to the competition during the strike  resulting in an estimated net volume loss that caused a 2% shortfall in volume growth for the quarter. Additionally  due to weather conditions  we observed a very weak momentum in fashion volume in May and June. Combined to the plus 2.9% in Q1  this represents a volume growth of 2.7% for the first six months  which notably drove downwards the revision of our annual guidance a few weeks ago from a high single-digit percentage growth to a mid-single-digit percentage growth. Additionally  note that this volume growth occurred under unfavorable market conditions in Belgium. Indeed  inflation has continued to increase month after month since October  rising to 3.7% in June from 3.2% in March. This is the highest level observed in the past 10 months  up from 0.35% in October 2023. Additionally  the Consumer Confidence Index continues to progressively deteriorate from zero in December to minus 7.0 in May  reaching its lowest since August last year. And after a temporary relief in June  the situation worsened again in July  as consumers remained pessimistic about their personal financial situation and the macroeconomic outlook for Belgium  while unemployment prospects soared. Price mix stood at 2.9% in Q2  mainly driven by price increases. Proximity and convenient retail network revenue decreased by a bit less than 7 million  with a lower banking revenue offsetting the indexation of the management contract. Operationally  revenue from value-added services increased  mainly driven by fine solutions and document management. However  this growth was more than offset by the repricing of state services  which is now accounted within the value-added services instead of other revenue streams  as in the previous year. Let's move to the P&L of Belgium on Page 6. Our intersegment and other revenue increased this year as they comprise a negative 6.2 million impact for the repricing of the state services in Q2 2023  as explained  as already observed in Q1. We also see on that line the higher intersegment revenue from inbound cross-border volumes handled in the domestic network from E-Logistics Eurasia. On the cost side  our adjusted OpEx including D&A  only slightly increased by 6.3 million or plus 1.3%  mainly driven by higher salary costs  as our cost per FTE increased by 2.7% year-over-year following two salary indexations in December 2023 and in June 2024  while the FTEs remained stable and  to a certain extent  a higher recoverable VAT this year. Bottom line  our adjusted EBIT remained stable year-over-year  despite a negative 2.6 million impact linked with the strikes in April. Moving to E-Logistics Eurasia on Page 7. Revenue were up 7 million  reflecting again the growth momentum at Radial and Active Ants  as well as cross-border revenue development. In E-Commerce Logistics  revenue increased by 3.4 million  reflecting various businesses with different trajectories. Radial Europe and Active Ants were up 12% year-on-year  continuing the trend of previous quarters. This growth was fuelled by customer onboarding as part of our international expansion effort and upselling activities targeting existing customers. At Dyna  despite higher volume in our two-man delivery network  lower volume at DynaFix and Dynasure  with few devices to be repaired and insured  led to a net decline in revenue. Cross-border revenue increased by 3.6 million  or plus 4%. As reported in previous quarters  this growth is supported by first  volume growth from China to Belgium  and second  contribution from new customers and continued growth from recent wins in the European [lines]. On the other hand  ongoing challenging conditions in the UK and a decrease in Asian cross-border volume to destinations other than Belgium weighted on top-line development. Let's move to the P&L of Eurasia on Slide 8. While the operating income increased by 3.3%  operating expense  including D&A  rose by 2.6%  or 4 million. This is mainly due to lower material costs reflecting lower volume at Dyna and lower SG&A  offset by higher transportation costs in line with higher activities and favorable mix at cross-border for the volume destination Belgium  and higher salary due to the international activity ramp-up and inflationary pressures partially mitigated by productivity gains. From a profitability standpoint  EBIT margin improved year-over-year from 5.5% to 6.2%  notably thanks to Asian cross-border volume with destination Belgium. Moving to our North American logistics business on Page 9. In line with the previous quarter  our top line North America remains under pressure  the operating income of E-Commerce Logistics decreased by 15%  or 48 million. At constant exchange rate  this corresponds to an increase of a bit less than 16%  mainly driven by Radial but also Landmark Global  to a lesser extent. At Radial  top-line decreased by 18% year-over-year  as lower sales from existing customers and the in-year contribution wins cannot compensate the client churn we announced last year. As you will recall  as we can see from the chart on the right side  illustrating the evolution of domestic parcel volume in the US  Radial's revenue development last year was in line with the volume pressure reported by UPS and FedEx (NYSE: ). This was a reflection of economic softness and market overcapacity  resulting in high competition and pricing pressure for Radial and its peers. More recently  while we observe a slowdown in the decline of domestic volumes  with even a slight increase in volume for UPS in the last quarter  Radial sales continue to decrease by 18%  in contrast to these volume trends. When examining the drivers of this 18% decline  we see that the same-store sale  so the sales of our clients on a like-or-like business actually align with market trends recently reported by FedEx and UPS  and the majority of the decline actually stems from last year's churn  which we have not been able to offset yet with new customers' contributions and the rebuilding of our customer portfolio due to persisting challenging market conditions hindering recovery. At Landmark  this is now the sixth quarter in a row that we record a year-over-year lower revenue due to Amazon insourcing that started end of 2022. As a result  the exposure to Amazon is now significantly reduced going forward. Moving to the P&L on Slide 10. Alongside our total operating income  OpEx and D&A decreased by just under 13% at constant exchange rate  as we managed to align our resources with lower demand and continued focus on what we could control  i.e. productivity. We note that OpEx decreased this quarter at a slightly lower pace than the top-line due to a bad debt provision amounting to 3.3 million. Besides that  variable OpEx evolved in line with revenue development and we continue to benefit from improvement in variable labor management and productivity at Radial  where the variable contribution margin  the VCM  improved once again. Compared to last year  our VCM increased by more than 4% year-over-year and stands at its highest level in Q2  delivering an impact of more than $9 million compared to last year. Despite a reduced fixed-cost coverage capacity due to ongoing top-line pressure  our ability to align capacity and resources with demand  along with our focus on productivity gains  continues to play a key role in mitigating headwinds while we work on rebuilding the customer portfolio. Moving onto Corporate segment  on Page 11. External operating income decreased by 0.8 million year-over-year from lower sales building in line with our annual guidance. Net OpEx after reinvoicing and D&A  slightly increased by 1.4 million  mainly following the impact of the two salary indexation  and stable overheads year-over-year. Adjusted EBIT therefore decreased by 2 million to minus 10 million  while as you could see reported EBIT stood at minus 17 million but including the M&A cost for 7 million in the quarter. Then we move to the cash flow side on Page 12. The main items to flag are the following. Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital stood at 104 million and decreased by 17 million compared to last year  reflecting lower EBITDA partially offset by lower corporate tax payments. Change in working capital and provisions evolved in line with normal seasonality and only decreased by 15 million from minus 149 to minus 164 million. The cash outflow from investment activities amounted to 25 million reflecting CapEx discipline. This item constitutes the main variation in our free cash flow. The cash flow from operating activities amounted to 85 million  a decrease of 36 million compared to last year. This reflects a 54 million lower dividend payment in May  partially offset by higher lease liabilities outflows and the purchase of the remaining shares of IMX. Before we get to the Q&A  I am pleased to confirm the refinancing of our maturing syndicated RCF with our banks in late June. We have opted for a sustainability linked loan format based on three KPIs aligned with our ESG ambitions. The available facility now amounts to 400 million compared to 300 million previously  with a maturity date of -- set for June 2029 and two one-year extension options. We are now ready for your questions. Again  two questions each will allow everyone to get a chance to be addressed during the session. Operators  please open the lines.Operator: Sure  thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from line Michiel Declercq from KB Securities. The line is open now  please go ahead.Michiel Declercq: Yes  hi. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question is a bit on the Radial US. I have the impression that the second quarter came in a bit below what you guided for the full year  or that's the feeling that I have. I'm just wondering how should we look at this from a comparable base. On the one hand  you said that volumes from existing customers are roughly in line with the trend  but have you seen additional customer losses in the second quarter? Just trying to understand how we should see the comparables for Q3 and Q4. And just maybe if this is something that you can comment about  where you are with capacity or at how much capacity you are at your different centers? And then the second question is just a bit on the CapEx front. It seems like you're trending well below the 150 million target in the first half. It would imply quite a step up in the second. Is this still the plan or how should we see that? Thank you.Philippe Dartienne: Okay. I start  you complement me. So on Radial US  now  I think it's in line with what we were expecting. As explained  in fact  if we look back what we have communicated to you in the last part of 2023 and the first quarter  we were seeing an enormous decrease in the same-store sale. And we could really see an evolution of our top line with that decrease of same-store sale. Now  that same-store sale decrease  we hope  has bottomed out and we see a slight recovery. That's what was shown in the chart where you see the -- when you look at the result from UPS that they have a slight positive same store sale. So  in fact  we are also seeing that trend. But the impact that we are experiencing in Q2 and we're already experiencing in Q1 was the fact that we lost customers in 2023. And coming back to your question  have we seen additional loss of customers in the second quarter? The answer is no. But now we are seeing the full year impact of these losses. This is really the explanation for the evolution on the top line. Of course  as in the past  we have the ambition to capture new volumes. And of course  we have not stopped on that one. So far  our capability to add additional customers has been limited and there are multiple reasons for it. So  we are also implementing a new strategy in terms of customer portfolio  which is on one hand rebalancing towards more balanced verticals. You know  we are extremely exposed to fashion business  which is highly cyclical. We would like to move and add some additional verticals. That's one element of that redeployment customer portfolio strategy. The second one is also the size of the customers where we would like to go to more mid-size market  mid-size US size. Its still not the same. We are not talking about customers of 1 million or 2 million as we could experience in Europe. By the way  there is nothing bad with 1 million or 2 million contracts. But in the US  the size is bigger than that one. So  this is the evolution of the portfolio moving  adding verticals  going to customers which are less cyclical and also  a different size of customers that is being implemented. But as Chris already mentioned it two or three times and it was repeated when we gave the guidance in July  this takes time and the full effect of that  we expect it to materialize around the peak period of 2025. Of course  it's not an overnight evolution. It will be built up gradually. But at this stage  it takes time. Again  it's not that we stay idle  but we are rebalancing the portfolio and gradually adding new customers. On the capacity side  which is a very good question  of course our capacity utilization in the warehouse is also lower than what was in the past because we had some customers that left us and left empty space in the warehouses. And that's also the reason why we are moving the strategy in the customer portfolio more towards a balanced portfolio of big customers  medium customers and small customers. By the way  very much the strategy that Staci is carrying out since many years  meaning that in the future  of course  we hope to minimize the churn in our customers  but it's unavoidable  you always have churn. But when you have five  six or seven customers in one single warehouse  the impact of the departure of one is mathematically less important than if you have one warehouse dedicated to one customer. So this is really that rebalancing on the top-line that also has or will have favorable impact on the capacity utilization and hence the profitability improvements going forward. You want to add something on the US  Chris?Chris Peeters: No  I think that exactly like Philippe says  so what you will see in the near-term results are our efforts to manage the cost and to manage the CapEx side and the effect of new top line you will see in the onboarding that typically will happen after peak. So we don't expect too much additions anymore this year. So those additions  people will wait until the peak period is over and after the peak period we will start the onboarding. And typically also an onboarding means that somebody moves his whole inventory towards our warehouse. So that takes also typically a couple of weeks before that it's done and before we start to see the revenue stream. So you will see the first results  let's say probably initial signs in the Q2  Q3 next year  but really signs of that if we have onboarded these clients and we handle the peak for them at the end of next year.Philippe Dartienne: Third part to your question which is relating to CapEx  so I'm going to state the obvious  but sometimes it's important to restate the obvious. The CapEx that we are seeing in the balance sheet right now is the result of this CapEx investment decision dating sometime six months  12 months  18 months  24 months ago. Because when you want to add capacity  one very good example is the additional capacity that we are currently building in our sorting center in Charleroi has been decided 18 months ago and is being implemented. So this one will continue to be executed  we had ordered last year some trucks or even 18 months ago some trucks to be delivered before the peak season this year. They will be delivered. So it's I mean the result of decision of the past. Of course now  we look with Chris  what is our forecast and our capacity demand evolution that we are really challenging to make sure that we do not add capacity ahead of having the customers that will be reflected for future CapEx outflows. So this is one element. The second element in this CapEx forecast and guidance  it's the onboarding on new customers and that of course this one we see immediately as a consequence of having onboarded less customers in the US. There is a direct impact on the CapEx spending where the lead time is very short because when we onboard this type of customers  it's bins  it's racks  this kind of stuff  which have a lead time which is around three to six months. So there is more correlation between the actual level of activity and the CapEx spent. I hope it answers your question.Michiel Declercq: Okay  now  very clear. Thank you.Operator: Thank you. We will take the next question from line  Amy Li from UBS. The line is open now  please go ahead.Amy Li: Hi  thank you for taking my question. Maybe just a very quick one on the Asian volumes that you touched on that are arriving in Belgium  which are margin accretive to both your parcel and cross-border businesses. Can you maybe give some color on how significant those volumes are in your network and what you're seeing in terms of the traction of Chinese e-tailers in the domestic market? Thank you.Philippe Dartienne: I need to take it. So on that one  thank you for your question. And indeed  we see an evolution of what is happening  originating from China. So until now  we had the Asian platform  like the Temu  saying they were using consolidators like Yanwan  UBI  Yunexpress  who were bringing their volumes to Europe. In the past  these consolidators offered very good rates by combining volumes and offering access to postal network for untried deliveries and there of course we in favorable position to capture these volumes not only for destination Belgium but also for using our postal licenses to inject volume in other than Belgium postal networks. There  there is a change now in the market since this platform have reached a critical mass and also are selling higher value goods and they decided to bypass this concerted data and inject directly into European hubs or last mile carriers  some of them who could cover multiple countries like Colis Priv  GLS  Posta nel and also others focusing on the national territories like us which is with the brand of with bpost and Apple (NASDAQ: ) Express. And by doing so  they also benefit from moving from untracked product to tracked product which provide a better customer experience compared to the untracked deliveries. So as in this configuration the market for bpost is involved  but we are of course continuing to capture the volume destination Belgium or destination Canada which is still our most profitable product so long story short  impact on top line  but limited impact on EBIT.Amy Li: Okay. Thank you very much.Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take the next question from line Marco Limite from Barclays. The line is open now  please  go ahead.Marco Limite: Hi  good morning  thanks for taking my questions. I've got a couple of questions on the domestic Belgium unit. So we've seen a few post operators in Europe negotiating with the authorities for improved USO conditions. I'm aware that of course bpost got a bit more flexibility in the past but my question is  are there discussion ongoing between bpost and the Belgian authorities on further  let's say cost savings or operational improvements opportunities  going forward? This is the first question. And second question still on the operating expenses side of the Belgium unit. About a year ago you were quite vocal about the cost synergies you were achieving by creating the new Belgium unit by merging the mail and parcel networks. To what extent do you think you have achieved all those cost-saving synergies or opportunities and to the extent you think there is still more to achieve in the future? Thank youPhilippe Dartienne: Okay  so Chris will take the first one.Chris Peeters: Yes  so on the USO conditions  we have a new negotiation that needs to lead to a new USO agreement with the government by 27 meaning that actually we still have some time left at this point of time So in this place  we are only talking with the regulator directly on or tariff cart  and so the last one was recently approved in line with the new evolution around the press concession. So which was important for the periodicals and so that was approved recently. Obviously in the light of what we see happening everywhere that discussion we are preparing for that. We expect that we will have first discussions somewhere by mid next year into that direction. What is the new USO going to mean for us? Does it mean the way  how that we organize it  the quality statements that we did need to do  we still have in Belgium the plus one delivery criteria for five days per week. And so that is for sure one that will be under discussion and so that is something that we are preparing for. So far  we haven't  let's say felt any pushback from the government on that side. Obviously  of course  we have today a government in current affairs and we have a new government information. But also in the discussions that we have in the preparation of new government agreement  we don't see yet a strong stance on that. I think that overall I think that the Belgian government is quite happy with the overall service levels that we deliver and the cost at what we deliver that at this point of time. So we think there will be more a discussion around  how do we handle declining mail volumes? And how do you remain efficient in that kind of environment that we have a very disruptive process? At least what we expect at this point of time  of course  once we enter into the negotiation  we will update you on what the specifics are that the government is seeking for.Philippe Dartienne: So for your question about  are we seeing the benefits of having brought mails and parcels together as opposed to a more regional organization in the past? I would say we have seen some benefits of it and was already visible in last quarter of 2024. We are still a convinced that is the best way to operate  but we have to recognize that the fact that we were in negotiation with unions about the press concession has put a halt for -- a temporary halt in the reorganization in the distribution network where we have not been able to realize some savings  synergies  whatever you call it  that we were expecting. So I would say the Q1 and Q2 23  I would not consider as a demonstration of the additional profitability that we could generate by having much mail and parcels operations together. We intend to restart this reorganization starting September and it will as in the past continue to yield FTE and then euro savings  going forward.Marco Limite: Thank you  and just a quick follow-up question Are you in a position or willing to disclose lets say  cost savings targets for the future or yeah  not really? Thank you.Philippe Dartienne: But I think it's all  I mean cost savings  I'm always very cautious about cost saving. What is important is to improve your profitability. The improvement of the profitability comes from managing your customer portfolio  managing the price mix that you are having  generating by your customer portfolio  which is still for me the first driver of improving the profitability. And then you try to drive efficiencies from cost cutting optimization  if typically what you see what is happening in the US  the variable contribution margin as is at its peak. It's good to have it. But as you can see in the US and its applicable somewhere else as well  it can partially offset either decrease of the top line or a slow growth of the top line. So it cannot be considered in isolation. It's really the combination of the two that we want to pursue. But of course and again if I want to come back on the example of the US  there is not only the variable contribution margin where you see the improvement  which is very  fine. You can observe it  you can see it in the numbers. The new CEO that we have in the US  Craig who joined us six weeks ago  has already implemented a second wave of cost-cutting measures. By the way  that has been announced yesterday and will be implemented in the coming days with effect in 2024 but of course full effect in 2025. This is one kind of measures that that he has taken. Also in the US  we have renegotiated transport rate and it's a big cost line into the P&L  very favorable rates renegotiation that will have effect in 24 and 25. It doesn't mean that all these cost-saving measures will remain in the balance sheet  sorry in the P&L  it's also a way for us to be more cost effective and to be more and improve our capability of signing new customers. So there's a reason why Im always cautious about only speaking about the cost. It's more aligning and being efficient  to be also in a position to sign more contracts in the future.Marco Limite: Okay  thank you  clear.Operator: Thank you we will take the next question from line  Henk Slotboom from the IDEA. The line is open now  please go ahead.Henk Slotboom: Good morning  gentlemen and thanks for taking my questions. I'm a sinner again. So I have four very brief questions  if I may. First of all  in the press release  it says that Staci will contribute from this month onwards. On that you expect a contribution of around 8 million to 9 million on average per month on an EBIT level. And I assume that that excludes any potential synergy effects. So that's my first question. I don't expect that you will say anything about synergies until the next Capital Market Say  so I will leave it with that. Then secondly on the provision for bad debts  you took at Radial  perhaps you can elaborate a little bit about that and have clients gone bust or do they simply not pay or what exactly is happening there? Thirdly is  I saw a document in my mailbox by the BIPT  I believe it was the day before yesterday. Well  you need to register yourself if you provide parcel services in Belgium. And is there any news yet on the minimum compensation for subcontractors? And the last question is  I saw that you continue to expand the number of APMs in Belgium. Could you perhaps share with us what the percentage is of your parcels that is delivered via the out-of-home channel in Belgium? Those were my questions. Thank you.Philippe Dartienne: Okay  I start with the very easy one to answer and I leave Chris for the more difficult one. No  I'm kidding because your question  the first one are really a yes or no. So I think youre absolutely right. We are targeting an additional 1 million to 8 million EBIT per month starting from today basically from Staci. This amount includes a very  very  very  very limited amount of synergies at this stage because you need -- it's not that we are not anticipating synergies. We are anticipating synergies both on the top-line front  but also on the cost saving fronts of which the benefit that we could enjoy from combining and consolidating the volume on transport. But to put that in place it takes time  so first  so far until yesterday  we could not exchange for obvious reason of competition antitrust. We could not exchange full condition on transport and now it's available and I can tell you that even if it's August and some of our team are on holiday. They will start working to try to identify these synergies that will be gradually implemented. But let's be transparent  it's not in 2024 that most of that potential more on the top line  more on the cost synergies that would be materialized in 2024. And indeed we will elaborate more on that one on the Capital Market Day. When it comes to the bad debt  the level of the US  it's just one customer  one single customer went bust. I mean I would say it's unfortunate but its part of business life some come and some go  it's no more than that. It's just they went bankrupt.Chris Peeters: Okay  yes. So then on BIPT  so that law has been now approved for implementation and indeed that means that people that do home delivery parcels will have to apply that law. Of course  this has no impact on the activities of bpost because bpost was already operating according to that law. So there's no change for us and of course we have not yet full visibility if there would be an impact on the pricing point that certain of all competitors would have  that is something that we will see when they have to implement that law. On the side on the out-of-home delivery  what we clearly see is Belgium is a market that is still fairly immature compared to other markets. So we still have a more than 80% of volume that is actually delivered at the door at this point of time. So that is something what we expect that will actually very quickly change in the coming years. Still in the volume that is not delivered at the door  you see that the majority of that volume today is delivered in manned PUDO points. So meaning that we have the parcel points and the postal points and of course our own a postal network where those parcels can be delivered. That is where the majority of the out-of-home delivery is today. There is some volume today already in the APMs and we see  I mean you can also follow that quite easily you see almost daily that we open new APM somewhere in the country. So we're building up that network as we speak and we expect that there will be an acceleration of volume going through that and that we will probably align in the next two  three years  for what we see in our neighboring markets where more or less the volume is double compared to today for the out-of-home delivery in a combination of manned and APM delivery that we will have. We don't expect that the pickup will be let's say faster than that. So you see  of course that in Eastern Europe you have pickups that go to 50% and beyond almost. If you look at the Polish market or if you look at Baltic states a high pickup of out-of-home delivery that is something that we expect more for the end of the decade more than that we see in the coming two to three years. Because also in those markets it has taken time to build it up because it is a change in the behavior that you see at the consumer level. But so from our side in our strategic plans of that were partially approved already yesterday and where we will make quite some announcement at Capital Market Day throughout that  there's clearly part of out-of-home delivery that we're focusing on in the coming years.Henk Slotboom: Okay  thank you very much.Operator: Thank you. There appears no further question at this time. Ill hand it back over to your host for closing remarks.Chris Peeters: Okay  so if there are no further questions  then we would like to thank everybody for the call and for taking the time to be with us and for your interesting questions. We will hear from you at the conference we will be going to attend in London in September. We look forward to staying in touch. And as a reminder  our third quarter results will be released on November 8. For those who have not been on holiday yet  I wish you happy holidays. Thank you very much and have a nice day.Philippe Dartienne: Thank you.Operator: Thank you for joining todays call. You may now disconnect.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.72,0.18,0.1,True,English,"['mixed Q2 results', 'Earnings call', 'market challenges', 'bpost', 'Investing', 'next two to three years', 'Key Takeaways Group operating income', '3PL Third Party Logistic', 'bpost Second Quarter 2024 Analyst Call', 'The Radial US division', 'upcoming Capital Market Day', 'New customer onboarding results', 'new customer onboarding impact', 'home delivery parcel services', 'three business units', 'second quarter results', 'Q3 results release', 'new BIPT law', 'Six consecutive quarters', 'mixed business environment', 'recent earnings call', 'direct volume injection', 'Q&A Highlights', 'home delivery volumes', 'Asian market evolution', 'home delivery market', 'Variable contribution margin', 'stable mail revenue', 'CEO Thomas Mortier', 'Successful early acquisition', 'CEO Chris Peeters', 'upcoming hour', 'new strategy', 'Landmark division', 'two questions', 'customer losses', 'customer portfolio', 'Operating expenses', 'operating activities', 'parcel revenues', 'delivery sectors', 'market dynamics', 'Belgian market', 'Asian e-commerce', 'lower revenue', 'early July', 'Bearish Highlights', 'Ongoing impact', 'Bullish Highlights', 'market challenges', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Belgian segment', 'efficiency improvements', 'Cash flow', 'Belgian authorities', 'APM network', 'lower EBITDA', 'full effect', 'Chinese e-tailers', 'operational improvements', 'strategic initiatives', 'Full transcript', 'Philippe Dartienne', 'Antoine Lebecq', 'Investor Relations', 'excellent work', 'integration plan', 'business-based approach', 'executive committee', 'market churn', 'previous year', 'last year', 'third-party logistics', 'Strategic plans', 'future plans', 'bpostgroup family', 'cross-border divisions', 'Company Outlook', 'Resilient performance', 'Amazon insourcing', 'Adjusted EBIT', '5.8% margin', 'overview', '3.8% decline', 'resilience', 'decrease', 'Staci', 'schedule', 'last-mile', 'sales', 'NASDAQ', 'shifts', 'depreciation', 'expectations', 'Q2-Q3', 'Negotiations', 'USO', 'NYSE', 'conditions', 'Belgium', 'Anticipation', 'Misses', 'dividends', 'Discussions', 'compliance', 'increase', 'reorganization', 'position', 'November', 'stakeholders', 'insights', 'None', 'BPOSF', 'Operator', 'name', 'Caroline', 'coordinator', 'today', 'event', 'conference', 'duration', 'lines', 'mode', 'opportunity', 'host', 'morning', 'ladies', 'gentlemen', 'CFO', 'materials', 'website', 'presentation', 'everyone', 'chance', 'collaboration', 'teams', 'sides', 'past', 'months', 'April', 'country-based']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,investing.com
44486,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.nintendolife.com/news/2024/08/nintendos-share-price-tanks-amid-fears-of-a-us-recession,Nintendo's Share Price Tanks Amid Fears Of A US Recession,Nikkei 225 index fell by more than 12%.Nintendo's share price has tanked by more than 15% on Monday morning amid global fears of a US recession and rising tensions in the Middle East.As highlighted by Dr. Serkan Toto  CEO of industry consultancy Kantan Games ,"Nintendo's share price has tanked by more than 15% on Monday morning amid global fears of a US recession and rising tensions in the Middle East.As highlighted by Dr. Serkan Toto  CEO of industry consultancy Kantan Games  almost every major Japanese gaming company saw a drop in share price as Japan's Nikkei fell by more than 12%  its biggest drop since the so-called 'Black Monday crash' of 1987.At the time of writing  Nintendo's share price sits at 6 607 JPY  a sharp drop from the 7 915 JPY it was enjoying last Friday. Capcom  meanwhile  saw a drop of more than 16% and is currently valued at 2.356 JPY  while Sega's dropped by just over 13% to land at 1 884 JPY.It's Monday 1:30pm in Tokyo now  investors in the stock market continue to panic and are causing a bloodbath:Nintendo -15%Sega -13%Capcom -16%Nexon -13%Cave -23%Konami -8%Sony -6%Marvelous -10%Cyberagent -10%Koei Tecmo -6%Square Enix -5%1.5h of trading to go.   Dr. Serkan Toto  Gamescom (@serkantoto) August 5  2024When pressed for a reasoning behind the drop  Toto simply stated ""rich people operate off vibes mostly  so sometimes it is for not much reason"". However  it seems global investors are in full-blown panic mode after the US posted weak jobs data that has prompted fears of a recession. As pointed out by The Guardian  ""A US recession would hurt economies around the world"".In London  the FTSE 100 index opened at around 2.3% lower on Monday morning  while the Euronext 100 opened at around 3.5% lower. Meanwhile  stock markets in Taiwan  South Korea  India  Australia  and Hong Kong all suffered similar losses.it's also been reported by the BBC that since the Bank of Japan raised interest rates last week  this has made the purchase of stocks from foreign investors more difficult  thus further exacerbating the overall stock market drop.",neutral,0.02,0.82,0.16,mixed,0.3,0.12,0.58,True,English,"['Share Price Tanks', 'US Recession', 'Nintendo', 'Fears', 'major Japanese gaming company', 'overall stock market drop', 'full-blown panic mode', 'weak jobs data', 'Dr. Serkan Toto', 'Black Monday crash', 'A US recession', 'stock markets', 'share price', 'Monday morning', 'rising tensions', 'Middle East', 'industry consultancy', 'Kantan Games', 'Koei Tecmo', 'Square Enix', 'rich people', 'The Guardian', 'FTSE 100 index', 'South Korea', 'Hong Kong', 'similar losses', 'interest rates', 'biggest drop', 'sharp drop', 'global investors', 'foreign investors', 'global fears', 'Nintendo', 'CEO', 'Nikkei', 'time', 'writing', '6,607 JPY', '7,915 JPY', 'Capcom', '2.356 JPY', 'Sega', '1,884 JPY', 'Tokyo', 'bloodbath', 'Nexon', 'Cave', 'Konami', 'Sony', 'Marvelous', 'Cyberagent', 'trading', 'Gamescom', 'serkantoto', 'reasoning', 'vibes', 'economies', 'world', 'London', 'Euronext', 'Taiwan', 'India', 'Australia', 'BBC', 'Bank', 'purchase', 'stocks']",2024-08-05,2024-08-06,nintendolife.com
44487,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/08/06/irish-shares-rise-amid-light-volume-after-sell-off/,Irish shares rise amid light volume after sell off,Uber jumped 7.7 per cent after it beat Wall Street estimates for second-quarter revenue and core profit  helped by steady demand for its ride-sharing and food-delivery services.,Irish shares rose on Tuesday  as stocks around the world appeared to rebound after Mondays global slump.DublinEuronext Dublin rose 0.6 per cent but the market was rather muted with trading volumes down about 25 per cent.It was a steady day after what was a remarkable day on Monday  a trader said. There is a bounce back in markets  but nothing hugely dramatic. There is a modest recovery  but you would have thought it might have been busier given the volatility that is around.Among the financial names  AIB was up 1.5 per cent  while Bank of Ireland finished flat.READ MORE[ Markets whipsaw on fears for economy and Google loses landmark search caseOpens in new window ]Elsewhere  builders Cairn Homes and Glenveagh Properties were both flat at close of business  while insulation specialist Kingspan  which is one of the biggest companies trading on the index  was down 0.6 per cent.In the food sector  Glanbia finished the day up 1 per cent  while Kerry Group was down just over 1 per cent. Meanwhile  budget airline Ryanair climbed 0.5 per cent.LondonThe blue-chip FTSE 100 index ended up 0.2 per cent  after its biggest fall in over a year on Monday. The mid-cap FTSE 250 index added 0.6 per cent after it fell to its lowest level in more than three months in the previous session.Construction and materials shares were among the top gainers  up 1.1 per cent  lifted by a 11.6 per cent rise in Keller Group after it reported half-yearly results. The stock topped the FTSE 250 index.Elsewhere  Dominos Pizza Group fell to the bottom of the mid-cap index after it lowered its full-year profit forecast as it decided to pass on expected lower food costs to franchisees and offer more value deals to customers.Travis Perkins was down 0.4 per cent after the building materials supplier cut its annual earnings guidance after reporting a 33 per cent decline in first-half profit.EuropeOn the continent  the Euro Stoxx 600 index rose 0.46 per cent in a volatile session with a dip of about 0.5 per cent at its lowest point.[ Global stock markets fall sharply as worries grow over US recessionOpens in new window ]Elsewhere  Germanys Dax failed to rally  finishing down 0.1 per cent  while Frances Cac lost 0.27 per cent. Italys FTSE Mib also finished in the red  falling by 0.6 per cent  and Spains Ibex fell 0.3 per cent.Euro zone government bond yields rose slightly after hitting a seven-month low on Monday. Germanys 10-year yield was last up one basis point at 2.191 per cent  having touched 2.074 per cent on Monday before recovering to end little changed on the day.New YorkWall Streets main stock indexes rose more than 1 per cent as investors looked for bargains after a global stock sell-off and dovish comments from Federal Reserve officials lifted market sentiment.All of S&P 500s sub-indexes advanced  led by the real estate sector that was up 1.8 per cent.[ Choppy trading in world stocks ahead of central bank movesOpens in new window ]Among megacap and growth stocks  Nvidia made a sharp recovery with a 4.4 per cent gain after posting similar losses on Monday.Apple slipped more than 1 per cent  extending a nearly 5 per cent drop in the previous session after Warren Buffetts Berkshire Hathaway cut its stake in the iPhone maker by half.Among other movers  Palantir Technologies surged 11.8 per cent after the software services provider raised its annual revenue and profit forecasts for the second time this year.Uber jumped 7.7 per cent after it beat Wall Street estimates for second-quarter revenue and core profit  helped by steady demand for its ride-sharing and food-delivery services.[ European equities retreat as bank stocks tumbleOpens in new window ]Caterpillar added 3 per cent after beating analyst estimates for second-quarter profit  as higher prices on its larger excavators and other equipment countered moderating demand in North America.Kenvue added 13.2 per cent after beating estimates for second-quarter profit and revenue  helped primarily by better-than-expected sales in its essential health products unit.  Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.01,0.82,0.17,mixed,0.19,0.32,0.49,True,English,"['Irish shares', 'light volume', 'Euro zone government bond yields', 'essential health products unit', 'Euro Stoxx 600 index', 'landmark search caseOpens', 'insulation specialist Kingspan', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'Federal Reserve officials', 'lower food costs', 'building materials supplier', 'annual earnings guidance', 'main stock indexes', 'real estate sector', 'software services provider', 'full-year profit forecast', 'global stock sell-off', 'blue-chip FTSE 100 index', 'mid-cap FTSE 250 index', '11.6 per cent rise', '33 per cent decline', '4.4 per cent gain', '5 per cent drop', 'Wall Street estimates', 'Global stock markets', 'food sector', 'mid-cap index', 'global slump', 'materials shares', 'FTSE Mib', 'food-delivery services', '0.5 per cent', '0.6 per cent', '2.191 per cent', 'annual revenue', 'first-half profit', 'profit forecasts', 'core profit', 'second-quarter profit', 'Irish shares', 'trading volumes', 'modest recovery', 'financial names', 'READ MORE', 'new window', 'Cairn Homes', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'biggest companies', 'Kerry Group', 'biggest fall', 'lowest level', 'three months', 'previous session', 'top gainers', 'Keller Group', 'half-yearly results', 'Pizza Group', 'value deals', 'Travis Perkins', 'volatile session', 'lowest point', 'US recessionOpens', '10-year yield', 'New York', 'dovish comments', 'S&P 500', 'Choppy trading', 'sharp recovery', 'similar losses', 'Warren Buffett', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'iPhone maker', 'other movers', 'Palantir Technologies', 'second time', 'steady demand', 'European equities', 'analyst estimates', 'higher prices', 'larger excavators', 'other equipment', 'moderating demand', 'North America', 'Additional reporting', 'growth stocks', 'central bank', 'second-quarter revenue', 'Euronext Dublin', 'steady day', 'remarkable day', 'market sentiment', 'bank stocks', 'world stocks', '2.074 per', '1.8 per', '13.2 per', 'Tuesday', 'Monday', 'trader', 'bounce', 'volatility', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'fears', 'economy', 'Google', 'builders', 'business', 'Glanbia', 'London', 'Construction', 'Domino', 'bottom', 'franchisees', 'customers', 'continent', 'dip', 'worries', 'Germany', 'Dax', 'France', 'Cac', 'Italy', 'red', 'Spain', 'Ibex', 'seven', 'investors', 'bargains', 'sub-indexes', 'megacap', 'Nvidia', 'Apple', 'stake', 'Uber', 'ride-sharing', 'Caterpillar', 'Kenvue', 'expected', 'sales', 'Agencies', '0.27']",2024-08-06,2024-08-06,irishtimes.com
44488,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/3-high-growth-companies-significant-143342171.html,3 High Growth Companies With Significant Insider Ownership On Euronext Paris,As global markets react to mixed economic signals and the European indices experience declines  investors are increasingly seeking resilient opportunities in specific sectors. In this context  growth companies with significant insider ownership on Euronext Paris stand out as potentially strong investments due to their alignment of management interests with shareholder value.,As global markets react to mixed economic signals and the European indices experience declines  investors are increasingly seeking resilient opportunities in specific sectors. In this context  growth companies with significant insider ownership on Euronext Paris stand out as potentially strong investments due to their alignment of management interests with shareholder value. In a market characterized by cautious optimism and strategic capital allocation  stocks that demonstrate robust insider ownership often reflect confidence from those who know the business best. This article highlights three high-growth companies on Euronext Paris where insiders hold substantial stakes  suggesting a promising alignment of interests between management and shareholders amidst current market conditions.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Groupe OKwind Socit anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 36% VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 25.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 11.9% 63% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 35.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 27.5% STIF Socit anonyme (ENXTPA:ALSTI) 16.4% 28.5% La Franaise de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 19.9% 31.9% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.4% 149.2% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.6% 5.9% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 71.1%Click here to see the full list of 23 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.ADVERTISEMENTHere we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: Overview: Lectra SA provides industrial intelligence solutions for the fashion  automotive  and furniture markets across Northern Europe  Southern Europe  the Americas  and the Asia Pacific with a market cap of 937.51 million.Operations: The company's revenue segments are: Americas (172.65 million) and Asia-Pacific (118.54 million).Insider Ownership: 19.6%Lectra's earnings are forecast to grow 32.59% annually  outpacing the French market's 12.2%. Despite a recent dip in net income to 12.51 million for H1 2024 from 14.47 million a year ago  analysts see potential with the stock trading at 52.3% below its fair value estimate and expected revenue growth of 10.5% per year  faster than the market's 5.9%. However  return on equity is projected to be modest at 13.2% in three years.Story continuesENXTPA:LSS Ownership Breakdown as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a pharmaceutical company in France that develops long-acting injectables across various therapeutic areas  with a market cap of 425.84 million.Operations: MedinCell's revenue from pharmaceuticals amounts to 11.95 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%MedinCell's revenue is forecast to grow 44.7% annually  significantly outpacing the French market's 5.9%. Despite reporting a net loss of 25.04 million for the year ended March 31  2024  this represents an improvement from the previous year's loss of 32.01 million. The company is expected to become profitable within three years and trades at a substantial discount to its estimated fair value. Recent Phase 3 trials showed promising secondary outcomes for its F14 drug and significant results for TEV-749 in schizophrenia treatment.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. offers public and private cloud services  shared hosting  and dedicated server solutions globally  with a market cap of approximately 1.02 billion.Operations: Revenue segments for OVH Groupe S.A. include 169.01 million from Public Cloud  589.61 million from Private Cloud  and 185.43 million from Web Cloud & Other services.Insider Ownership: 10.5%OVH Groupe is forecast to grow its revenue by 10% annually  outpacing the French market's 5.9%. The company expects to achieve profitability within three years  with earnings projected to grow over 100% per year. Recent product innovations  such as the ADV-Gen3 Bare Metal servers powered by AMD EPYC processors  highlight OVHcloud's commitment to performance and sustainability. Trading at a significant discount to its estimated fair value  OVH presents a compelling growth opportunity despite low forecasted return on equity (1.7%).ENXTPA:OVH Ownership Breakdown as at Aug 2024Make It HappenAccess the full spectrum of 23 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership by clicking on this link.Got skin in the game with these stocks? Elevate how you manage them by using Simply Wall St's portfolio  where intuitive tools await to help optimize your investment outcomes.Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.Contemplating Other Strategies?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:OVH.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.58,0.42,0.0,True,English,"['3 High Growth Companies', 'Significant Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Paris', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Groupe OKwind Socit anonyme', 'STIF Socit anonyme', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'ADV-Gen3 Bare Metal servers', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'compelling growth opportunity', 'robust insider ownership', 'LSS Ownership Breakdown', 'OVH Ownership Breakdown', 'significant insider ownership', 'mixed economic signals', 'European indices experience', 'strategic capital allocation', 'La Franaise', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'various therapeutic areas', 'dedicated server solutions', 'AMD EPYC processors', 'three high-growth companies', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'Recent Phase 3 trials', 'Recent product innovations', 'promising secondary outcomes', 'low forecasted return', 'unparalleled stock analysis', 'current market conditions', 'fair value estimate', 'private cloud services', 'revenue growth', 'recent dip', 'Other services', 'investment outcomes', 'significant results', 'significant discount', 'shareholder value', 'three years', 'Web Cloud', 'resilient opportunities', 'specific sectors', 'strong investments', 'cautious optimism', 'substantial stakes', 'promising alignment', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'Northern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'Asia Pacific', 'net income', 'stock trading', 'acting injectables', 'substantial discount', 'F14 drug', 'schizophrenia treatment', 'full spectrum', 'intuitive tools', 'investment opportunities', 'free app', 'Other Strategies', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'market cap', 'French market', 'Public Cloud', 'global markets', 'furniture markets', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Lectra SA', 'revenue segments', 'net loss', 'ENXTPA:ADOC', 'preferred stocks', 'pharmaceutical company', 'previous year', 'management interests', '23 stocks', 'investors', 'context', 'confidence', 'business', 'article', 'insiders', 'shareholders', 'France', 'ALOKW', 'VusionGroup', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'ALSTI', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'subset', 'Overview', 'Americas', 'Operations', 'Asia-Pacific', 'H1', 'analysts', 'potential', 'equity', 'Story', 'Aug', 'pharmaceuticals', 'improvement', 'hosting', 'profitability', 'OVHcloud', 'commitment', 'performance', 'sustainability', 'link', 'skin', 'game', 'portfolio', 'world', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', '19.', '5.']",2024-08-06,2024-08-06,uk.finance.yahoo.com
44489,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-ie/money/companies/latest-hit-for-irish-stock-exchange-as-pharma-services-firm-hvivo-to-delist-from-euronext/ar-AA1ojBP2,Latest hit for Irish stock exchange as pharma services firm Hvivo to delist from Euronext,Irish-listed clinical trials group Hvivo has announced it will remove its shares from the Irish stock market later this year.The company  previously named Open Orphan  said it would cancel its admission to trading on Euronext Growth from September 2nd ,Irish-listed clinical trials group Hvivo has announced it will remove its shares from the Irish stock market later this year.The company  previously named Open Orphan  said it would cancel its admission to trading on Euronext Growth from September 2nd ,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Irish stock exchange', 'pharma services firm', 'Latest hit', 'Hvivo', 'Euronext', 'Irish-listed clinical trials group', 'Irish stock market', 'Euronext Growth', 'September 2nd', 'Hvivo', 'shares', 'company', 'admission']",2024-08-06,2024-08-06,msn.com
44490,EuroNext,Bing API,https://en.portnews.ru/news/366239/,OCI sells its Clean Ammonia project in Beaumont  Texas to Woodside Energy,Under the proposed Transaction  Woodside will acquire 100% of the equity interests in OCI Clean Ammonia. Woodside will pay 80% of the Purchase Price to OCI at closing of the Transaction  with the balance of the Purchase Price payable at Project Completion  defined as completion of the plant according to certain agreed terms and conditions.,2024 August 6 10:21OCI sells its Clean Ammonia project in Beaumont  Texas to Woodside EnergyOCI Global (Euronext: OCI)  a leading global producer and distributor of hydrogen products  has reached an agreement for the sale of 100% of its equity interests in its Clean Ammonia project under construction in Beaumont  Texas  to Woodside Energy Group Ltd for a total consideration of USD 2.35 billion on a cash-free and debt-free basis  according to the company's release.Under the proposed Transaction  Woodside will acquire 100% of the equity interests in OCI Clean Ammonia. Woodside will pay 80% of the Purchase Price to OCI at closing of the Transaction  with the balance of the Purchase Price payable at Project Completion  defined as completion of the plant according to certain agreed terms and conditions.OCI will continue to manage the construction  commissioning and startup of the facility and will continue to direct the contractors until the Project is fully staffed and operational  at which point it will handover to Woodside.The Transaction is expected to close in H2 2024  subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions and receipt of OCI shareholder approval. OCIs Board of Directors has approved the Transaction and has recommended that its shareholders approve the Transaction.OCI Clean Ammonia is the worlds first large-scale  low-carbon intensity (CI) hydrogen-based greenfield ammonia facility  which began engineering in late 2021  construction in December 2022  and is expected to produce first ammonia in 2025. Offering first-mover advantages including superior construction terms and favorable tax incentives  the Project is a unique collaboration between OCI and Linde that integrates Lindes low CI hydrogen production and carbon capture technology with OCIs ammonia production  storage and transportation infrastructure.In addition  Linde has contracted with ExxonMobil the CO2 transportation and sequestration infrastructure. The Project in its first phase will result in the capture and sequestration of 1.7 million metric tonnes per year of CO2 for OCI that would otherwise have been released to the atmosphere.OCI Clean Ammonia is anticipated to meet blue ammonia specifications by any standard announced to date. It is the only blue ammonia facility under construction globally  capable of producing 1.1 million metric tonnes per year of blue ammonia in its first phase  with the necessary infrastructure and utilities in place to double that capacity in its existing plot plan. This design philosophy and oversized infrastructure is expected to provide significant savings on budget and timeline for the plug and play second line over any newbuild projects of similar nature. Permitting for the second line has been submitted and is expected to be received by year-end.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Clean Ammonia project', 'Woodside Energy', 'OCI', 'Beaumont', 'Texas', 'CI) hydrogen-based greenfield ammonia facility', 'first large-scale, low-carbon intensity', 'low CI hydrogen production', 'Woodside Energy Group Ltd', 'favorable tax incentives', '1.7 million metric tonnes', '1.1 million metric tonnes', 'existing plot plan', 'blue ammonia specifications', 'blue ammonia facility', 'leading global producer', 'carbon capture technology', 'Clean Ammonia project', 'OCI shareholder approval', 'OCI Clean Ammonia', 'customary closing conditions', 'superior construction terms', 'ammonia production', 'first ammonia', 'hydrogen products', 'first phase', 'OCI Global', 'equity interests', 'total consideration', 'debt-free basis', 'Purchase Price', 'first-mover advantages', 'unique collaboration', 'transportation infrastructure', 'The Project', 'necessary infrastructure', 'design philosophy', 'oversized infrastructure', 'significant savings', 'second line', 'newbuild projects', 'similar nature', 'Project Completion', 'CO2 transportation', 'sequestration infrastructure', 'Beaumont', 'Texas', 'Euronext', 'distributor', 'agreement', 'sale', 'cash-free', 'company', 'release', 'Transaction', 'balance', 'plant', 'commissioning', 'startup', 'contractors', 'point', 'H2', 'satisfaction', 'receipt', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'world', 'engineering', 'late', 'December', 'Linde', 'storage', 'addition', 'ExxonMobil', 'year', 'atmosphere', 'standard', 'date', 'utilities', 'place', 'capacity', 'budget', 'timeline', 'plug', 'play', 'Permitting']",2024-08-06,2024-08-06,en.portnews.ru
44491,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1033643340,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 06-Aug-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST,"06 August 2024Cairn Homes plc (the Company)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 05 August 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (Goodbody)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 70 000 30 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.8000 1.5460 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.7460 1.5020 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) 1.7727 1.5228The purchases form part of the Companys share buyback programme announced on 3 July 2024.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 639 512 999 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 2 123 1.7840 XDUB 08:58:17 00029129364TRDU1 4 348 1.7760 XDUB 09:46:00 00029129410TRDU1 2 159 1.7760 XDUB 09:50:46 00029129416TRDU1 2 211 1.7740 XDUB 10:16:54 00029129482TRDU1 2 209 1.7740 XDUB 10:32:50 00029129523TRDU1 2 238 1.7740 XDUB 10:43:32 00029129533TRDU1 2 167 1.7680 XDUB 11:25:10 00029129631TRDU1 2 061 1.7680 XDUB 11:25:10 00029129630TRDU1 2 153 1.7640 XDUB 11:47:57 00029129712TRDU1 2 122 1.7620 XDUB 12:04:39 00029129732TRDU1 2 270 1.7620 XDUB 12:27:02 00029129890TRDU1 2 100 1.7640 XDUB 12:50:54 00029130058TRDU1 2 089 1.7580 XDUB 12:57:49 00029130208TRDU1 2 177 1.7540 XDUB 13:18:04 00029130366TRDU1 2 385 1.7460 XDUB 13:35:03 00029130561TRDU1 2 203 1.7460 XDUB 14:01:15 00029130700TRDU1 2 272 1.7540 XDUB 14:08:40 00029130732TRDU1 2 281 1.7480 XDUB 14:23:13 00029130800TRDU1 4 253 1.7540 XDUB 14:40:50 00029130927TRDU1 2 266 1.7680 XDUB 14:48:57 00029130950TRDU1 2 196 1.7780 XDUB 15:07:36 00029131052TRDU1 2 092 1.7780 XDUB 15:07:36 00029131051TRDU1 2 141 1.7820 XDUB 15:21:12 00029131073TRDU1 2 088 1.7980 XDUB 15:40:21 00029131130TRDU1 2 177 1.7960 XDUB 15:40:30 00029131131TRDU1 2 203 1.7980 XDUB 15:55:25 00029131162TRDU1 1 792 1.8000 XDUB 16:11:30 00029131188TRDU1 450 1.8000 XDUB 16:11:30 00029131187TRDU1 941 1.7980 XDUB 16:16:49 00029131232TRDU1 1 538 1.7980 XDUB 16:16:49 00029131231TRDU1 4 265 1.7980 XDUB 16:20:05 00029131235TRDU1 30 1.7980 XDUB 16:20:05 00029131234TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', '30,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Shares Price', '639,512,999 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'August', 'purchases', 'part', '3 July', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00029129364TRDU1', '00029129410TRDU1', '00029129416TRDU1', '00029129482TRDU1', '00029129523TRDU1', '00029129533TRDU1', '00029129631TRDU1', '00029129630TRDU1', '00029129712TRDU1', '00029129732TRDU1', '00029129890TRDU1', '00029130058TRDU1', '00029130208TRDU1', '00029130366TRDU1', '00029130561TRDU1', '00029130700TRDU1', '00029130732TRDU1', '00029130800TRDU1', '00029130927TRDU1', '00029130950TRDU1', '00029131052TRDU1', '00029131051TRDU1', '00029131073TRDU1', '00029131130TRDU1', '00029131131TRDU1', '00029131162TRDU1', '00029131188TRDU1', '00029131187TRDU1', '00029131232TRDU1', '00029131231TRDU1', '00029131235TRDU1', '00029131234TRDU1']",2024-08-06,2024-08-06,markets.businessinsider.com
44492,EuroNext,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/top-dividend-stocks-euronext-paris-060353699.html,Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris For August 2024,As global markets continue to react to mixed economic data  the French CAC 40 Index has seen a notable decline of 3.54% amid broader European market turbulence. Despite these fluctuations  dividend stocks remain a focal point for investors seeking steady income and potential resilience in uncertain times.,As global markets continue to react to mixed economic data  the French CAC 40 Index has seen a notable decline of 3.54% amid broader European market turbulence. Despite these fluctuations  dividend stocks remain a focal point for investors seeking steady income and potential resilience in uncertain times. In light of current market conditions  selecting dividend stocks with strong fundamentals and consistent payout histories can be particularly advantageous. Here are three top dividend stocks on Euronext Paris to consider for August 2024.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat (ENXTPA:VCT) 6.50%  Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 7.57%  CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.88%  Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 6.02%  Infotel (ENXTPA:INF) 5.68%  Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 4.52%  VIEL & Cie socit anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 4.17%  Rexel (ENXTPA:RXL) 5.65%  Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 4.53%  Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 8.37% Click here to see the full list of 37 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Underneath we present a selection of stocks filtered out by our screen.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: Overview: Ipsos SA  with a market cap of 2.37 billion  offers survey-based research services to companies and institutions across Europe  the Middle East  Africa  the Americas  and the Asia-Pacific through its subsidiaries.Operations: Ipsos SA generates 2.44 billion from its survey-based research services across various regions including Europe  the Middle East  Africa  the Americas  and the Asia-Pacific.Dividend Yield: 3%Ipsos's dividend payments are well-covered by earnings (39.3% payout ratio) and cash flows (25.3% cash payout ratio)  though they have been volatile over the past decade. The company's recent H1 2024 earnings report showed a rise in net income to 77.95 million from 56.35 million  reflecting strong financial health which supports dividend sustainability despite past instability. However  its 3% yield is below the top quartile of French market payers (5.48%).ENXTPA:IPS Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: Overview: Samse SA  with a market cap of 569.04 million  distributes building materials and tools across France.Operations: Samse SA generates revenue primarily from its Trading segment (1.74 billion) and Do-It-Yourself segment (431.46 million).Story continuesDividend Yield: 6%Samse's dividend yield of 6.02% places it in the top 25% of French market payers  and its payments are well-covered by earnings (44.8% payout ratio) and cash flows (36.8% cash payout ratio). Although the dividends have increased over the past decade  they have been volatile with significant annual drops exceeding 20%. The stock trades at a slight discount to its estimated fair value  offering good relative value compared to peers.ENXTPA:SAMS Dividend History as at Aug 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: Overview: Oeneo SA  with a market cap of 672.79 million  operates in the wine industry worldwide.Operations: Oeneo SA generates revenue primarily from Corking (211.57 million) and Breeding (94.17 million) segments.Dividend Yield: 3.4%Oeneo's dividend yield of 3.37% is lower than the top 25% of French market payers  and its payments have been inconsistent over the past decade. Despite this  dividends are covered by earnings (78.2% payout ratio) and cash flows (83.3% cash payout ratio). The company trades at a discount to its estimated fair value. Recent financial results showed a decline in sales to 305.73 million and net income to 28.85 million for the year ended March 31  2024.ENXTPA:SBT Dividend History as at Aug 2024Summing It All UpDelve into our full catalog of 37 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks here.Hold shares in these firms? Setup your portfolio in Simply Wall St to seamlessly track your investments and receive personalized updates on your portfolio's performance.Enhance your investing ability with the Simply Wall St app and enjoy free access to essential market intelligence spanning every continent.Want To Explore Some Alternatives?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:IPS ENXTPA:SAMS and ENXTPA:SBT.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'August', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', '37 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'Cie socit anonyme', 'Simply Wall St app', 'broader European market turbulence', 'three top dividend stocks', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'recent H1 2024 earnings report', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'French CAC 40 Index', 'survey-based research services', 'significant annual drops', 'Recent financial results', 'IPS Dividend History', 'current market conditions', 'French market payers', 'essential market intelligence', 'consistent payout histories', 'SBT Dividend History', 'mixed economic data', 'good relative value', 'SAMS Dividend History', 'strong financial health', 'long-term focused analysis', '25.3% cash payout ratio', '36.8% cash payout ratio', 'top quartile', 'dividend sustainability', '39.3% payout ratio', '44.8% payout ratio', '78.2% payout ratio', 'market cap', 'dividend payments', 'strong fundamentals', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'cash flows', 'fair value', 'historical data', 'fundamental data', 'global markets', 'focal point', 'steady income', 'potential resilience', 'uncertain times', 'CBo Territoria', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'Middle East', 'various regions', 'past decade', 'net income', 'past instability', 'building materials', 'wine industry', 'full catalog', 'personalized updates', 'investing ability', 'free access', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'qualitative material', 'Ipsos SA', 'Oeneo SA', 'IPS ENXTPA', 'notable decline', 'Samse SA', 'Trading segment', 'stock trades', 'slight discount', '37 stocks', '3% yield', 'fluctuations', 'investors', 'August', 'France', 'VCT', 'Rubis', 'RUI', 'CBOT', 'Infotel', 'Arkema', 'AKE', 'VIEL', 'VIL', 'Rexel', 'RXL', 'ALEXA', 'ALPDX', 'selection', 'Overview', 'companies', 'institutions', 'Africa', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', 'subsidiaries', 'Operations', 'rise', 'tools', 'revenue', 'dividends', 'peers', 'Corking', 'Breeding', 'segments', 'sales', 'year', 'Hold', 'shares', 'firms', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'performance', 'continent', 'Alternatives', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'team', 'simplywallst']",2024-08-06,2024-08-06,sg.finance.yahoo.com
